<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1633336_0000950170-23-003786.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>72503912</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>513369</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4449833</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>35162825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8526394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>22371253</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003786.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222163400
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crescent Capital BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001633336
		IRS NUMBER:				473162282
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01132
		FILM NUMBER:		23653722

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11100 SANTA MONICA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-235-5971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11100 SANTA MONICA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003786.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 ccap-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, was million based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed affiliates. The calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, .001 par value per share, outstanding at February 22, 2023 was 

1 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 47 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 50 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 157 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 157 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 157 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 157 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 158 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 158 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 158 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 158 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 158 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 159 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 161 

Signatures 
 162 

1 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current or prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, would, will, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. 
 The following factors and factors listed under Risk Factors in this report and other documents Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. The occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial position. The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 
 uncertainty surrounding the financial stability of the United States, Europe and China; 

the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

potential fluctuation in quarterly operating results; 

potential impact of economic recessions or downturns; 

adverse developments in the credit markets; 

regulations governing our operation as a business development company; 

operation in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities; 

risks associated with inflation and the current interest rate environment; 

changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income; 

the impact of changes in London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or other benchmark rate on our operating results; 

financing investments with borrowed money; 

potential adverse effects of price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets; 

the impact of COVID-19 on our portfolio companies and the markets in which they operate, interest rates and the economy in general; 

lack of liquidity in investments; 

the outcome and impact of any litigation; 

the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; 

risks regarding distributions; 

potential adverse effects of new or modified laws and regulations; 

the social, geopolitical, financial, trade and legal implications of Brexit; 

potential resignation of the Adviser and or the Administrator; 

uncertainty as to the value of certain portfolio investments; 

defaults by portfolio companies; 

our ability to successfully complete and integrate any acquisitions; 

risks associated with original issue discount OID and payment-in-kind PIK interest income; 

the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly; 

2 

the recently announced acquisition of First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. FCRD ); by the Company (the FCRD Acquisition ); 

the outcome and impact of any litigation relating to the FCRD Acquisition; 

the likelihood that the FCRD Acquisition is completed and the anticipated timing of its completion; 

the ability of our business and FCRD s business to successfully integrate if the FCRD Acquisition is completed; and 

any impact to our performance in the periods prior to and following the completion of the FCRD Acquisition. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based upon are reasonable, some of those assumptions may be based on the work of third parties and any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate; as a result, forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this report because we are an investment company. 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. This summary should be read in conjunction with Item 1A. Risk Factors and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Structure 
 Global economic, political and market conditions, including those caused by inflation and a rising interest rate environment, have (and in the future, could further) adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and those of our portfolio companies. 

Economic recessions or downturns may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could impair the ability of our portfolio companies to repay debt or pay interest. 

We may not replicate the historical results achieved by Crescent. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to enter into new debt financing arrangements. 

Our Adviser and its affiliates and employees may have certain conflicts of interest. 

Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Adviser s ability to support our investment process; if our Adviser were to lose key personnel or they were to resign, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 

Crescent s principals and employees, the Adviser or their affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. 

Our management and incentive fee structure may create incentives for the Adviser that are not fully aligned with our stockholders interests and may induce the Adviser to make speculative investments. 

A significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 

Our Investment Advisory Agreement was negotiated with the Adviser and the Administration Agreement was negotiated with the Administrator, which are both our related parties. The Adviser has limited liability and is entitled to indemnification under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

We operate in an increasingly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could make it difficult for us to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. 

3 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 

We will be subject to corporate level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC and our business may be adversely affected if we fail to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 

Stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. We may be subject to withholding of U. S. Federal income tax on distributions for non-U.S. stockholders. 

We may retain income and capital gains in excess of what is permissible for excise tax purposes and such amounts will be subject to 4 U.S. federal excise tax, reducing the amount available for distribution to stockholders. 

Because we are required to distribute substantially all of our net investment income and net realized capital gains to our stockholders, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth. 

Because we borrow money, the potential for loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

Changes in interest rates, changes in the method for determining the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, and the potential replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and net investment income 

We are and may be subject to restrictions under our credit facilities and any future credit or other borrowing facility that could adversely impact our business. 

We may be the target of litigation. 

There is a risk that investors in our common stock may not receive dividends or that our dividends may not grow over time and that investors in our debt securities may not receive all of the interest income to which they are entitled. 

If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. 

We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 

Changes in legal, tax and regulatory regimes could negatively impact our business, financial condition and earnings. 

Our Board may change our investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 

The Adviser and the Administrator each have the ability to resign on 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in operations. 

Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of its confidential information and/or damage to its business relationships. 

We and the Adviser are subject to regulations and SEC oversight. If we or the Adviser fail to comply with applicable requirements, it may adversely impact our results relative to companies that are not subject to such regulations. 

We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 

There are risks related to the Mergers that could adversely impact us or our stockholders. 

We and FCRD may fail to consummate the Mergers. If the Mergers do not close, we will not benefit from the expenses incurred in their pursuit. 

Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 

We typically invest in middle-market companies, which involves higher risk than investments in large companies. 

The due diligence process that the Adviser undertakes in connection with our investments may not reveal all the facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing NAV through increased net unrealized depreciation. 

Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 

4 

The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. 

We will be subject to the risk that the debt investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. 

We may be subject to risks under hedging transactions and may become subject to risk if it invests in non-U.S. securities. 

We may not realize anticipated gains on the equity interests in which it invests. 

Our investments in OID and PIK interest income may expose us to risks associated with such income being required to be included in accounting income and taxable income prior to receipt of cash. You may receive shares of our common stock as dividends, which could result in adverse tax consequences to you. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. Our shares of common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so again, which could limit our ability to raise additional equity capital. 

Our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan. 

Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of the Charter and the Bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

We will incur significant costs as a result of being a publicly traded company. 

5 

PART I 
 In this Annual Report, except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms CCAP, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. The term Adviser refers to Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The term Administrator refers to CCAP Administration, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The term Crescent refers to Crescent Capital Group LP and its affiliates. 
 Item 1. 	 Business 
 General 
 We are a specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 5, 2015 and on January 30, 2020, we changed our state of incorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Maryland. We were listed and began trading on the NASDAQ stock exchange on February 3, 2020 concurrently with the completion of the acquisition of Alcentra Capital Corporation in a cash and stock transaction (the Alcentra Acquisition ). We have elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 1940 Act ). In addition, we have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 
 
 Our investment objective is to maximize the total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments. We invest primarily in secured debt (including first lien, unitranche first lien, and second-lien debt) and unsecured debt (including mezzanine and subordinated debt), as well as related equity securities of private U.S. middle-market companies. We may purchase interests in loans or make debt investments, either (i) directly from our target companies as primary market or private credit investments (i.e., private credit transactions), or (ii) primary or secondary market bank loan or high yield transactions in the broadly syndicated over-the-counter market (i.e., broadly syndicated loans and bonds). Although our focus is to invest in less liquid private credit transactions, we may from time to time invest in more liquid broadly syndicated loans to complement our private credit transactions. 
 
 Our investment objective is accomplished through: 
 accessing the origination channels that have been developed and established by Crescent; 

originating investments in what we believe to be middle-market companies with strong business fundamentals, generally controlled by private equity investors that require capital for growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations, refinancings and leveraged buyouts; 

applying Crescent s underwriting standards; and 

leveraging Crescent s experience and resources to monitor our investments. 

Our investment philosophy emphasizes capital preservation through credit selection and risk mitigation. We expect our targeted portfolio to provide downside protection through conservative cash flow and asset coverage requirements, priority in the capital structure and information requirements. 
 
 As a BDC under the Act and a RIC under the Code, our portfolio is subject to diversification and other requirements. See Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences . 
 We are managed by Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (the Adviser ), an investment adviser that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 Advisers Act ). CCAP Administration LLC (the Administrator provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. Our management consists of investment and administrative professionals from the Adviser and Administrator, along with the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 The Adviser directs and executes our investment operations and capital raising activities subject to oversight from the Board, which sets our broad policies. The Board has delegated investment management of our investment assets to the Adviser. The Board consists of six directors, five of whom are independent. 
 
 From time to time we may form wholly owned subsidiaries to facilitate the normal course of business if the Adviser determines that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting or other similar reasons it is in our best interest to do so. We have formed a wholly owned subsidiary that is structured as a tax blocker, to hold equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies or other forms of pass-through entities. This corporate subsidiary is not consolidated for income tax purposes and may incur income tax expense as a result of its ownership of portfolio companies. 
 
 6 

We may borrow money from time to time within the levels permitted by the 1940 Act (up to 150 of asset coverage requirement). In determining whether to borrow money, we analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. The use of borrowed funds or the proceeds of preferred stock offerings to make investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds or issuing preferred stock would be borne by holders of our common stock. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Our strategy involves a high degree of leverage. We intend to continue to finance our investments with borrowed money, which will magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and increases the risk of investing in us. The risks of investment in a highly leveraged fund include volatility and possible distribution restrictions. 
 
 Pending FCRD Acquisition 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement (the Merger Agreement with First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act FCRD ), Echelon Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our direct wholly-owned subsidiary Acquisition Sub ), Echelon Acquisition Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our direct wholly-owned subsidiary Acquisition Sub 2 ), and the Adviser. The Merger Agreement provides that (i) Acquisition Sub will merge with and into FCRD (the First Merger ), with FCRD continuing as the surviving company and as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Surviving Company ), and (ii) immediately after the effectiveness of the First Merger, the Surviving Company will merge with and into Acquisition Sub 2 (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers ), with Acquisition Sub 2 continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The boards of directors of both companies have each unanimously approved the FCRD Acquisition. A special meeting of stockholders of FCRD will be held on March 7, 2023 for the purpose of adopting the agreement and plan of merger. 
 The Investment Adviser 
 The Adviser, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Crescent, acts as our investment adviser. The Adviser is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser, which is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Adviser has entered into a Resource Sharing Agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement with Crescent, pursuant to which Crescent provides the Adviser with experienced investment professionals (including the members of the Adviser s investment committee) and access to Crescent s resources so as to enable the Adviser to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Adviser capitalizes on the deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Crescent s investment professionals. 
 About Crescent 
 Crescent Capital Corporation, a predecessor to the business of Crescent, was formed in 1991 by Mark Attanasio and Jean-Marc Chapus as an asset management firm specializing in below-investment grade debt securities. In 1995, Crescent Capital Corporation was acquired by The TCW Group, Inc. TCW and rebranded as TCW s Leveraged Finance Group. On January 1, 2011, Messrs. Attanasio and Chapus, along with the entire investment team, spun out of TCW and formed Crescent, an employee-owned, registered investment adviser. Crescent is a global credit investment manager with over 40 billion of assets under management. With its headquarters in Los Angeles, Crescent has over 200 employees based in four offices in the U.S. and Europe. Messrs. Attanasio and Chapus head Crescent s management committee, which oversees all of Crescent s operations. On January 5, 2021, Sun Life Financial Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and joint ventures, Sun Life acquired a majority interest in Crescent (the Sun Life Transaction ). As a result of the Sun Life Transaction, Crescent became a part of SLC Management, the institutional alternatives and traditional asset management business of Sun Life. There were no changes to our investment objective, strategies and process or to the Crescent team responsible for the investment operations as a result of the Sun Life Transaction. 
 The Board of Directors 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our Board consists of six members, five of whom are not interested persons of CCAP, the Adviser, the Administrator or their respective affiliates as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. We refer to these individuals as our Independent Directors. The Independent Directors compose a majority of our Board. Our Board elects our officers, who serve at the discretion of our Board. The responsibilities of our Board include oversight of our quarterly determinations of the fair value of our assets, corporate governance activities, oversight of our financing arrangements and oversight of our investment activities. 
 7 

Investment Strategy 
 We follow Crescent s approach to investing, which is based upon fundamental credit research and risk analysis. This approach reflects Crescent s view that the cornerstone of successful investing is fundamental credit analysis. 
 Specifically, we pursue an investment strategy targeting companies primarily in the middle-market. We believe that the middle-market is attractive as a result of the lack of available lending sources to smaller companies. We believe many financing providers have chosen to focus on large corporate clients and managing capital markets transactions rather than lending to middle-market businesses. Further, many financial institutions and traditional lenders are faced with constrained balance sheets. We also believe hedge funds and collateralized debt obligation/collateralized loan obligation managers are less likely to pursue investment opportunities in our target market as a result of reduced liquidity for new investments. Specifically, Crescent s sourcing platform should enable it, on our behalf and through our Adviser, to identify and invest in creditworthy borrowers. In addition, to take advantage of investment opportunities in middle-market companies that are identified for us by Crescent, we may invest alongside other pools of capital, including bank debt, high-yield and mezzanine funds managed by Crescent. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for a discussion of certain conflicts of interest of Crescent and certain limitations on our ability to co-invest with other accounts advised by Crescent. 
 
 We target investments in companies that exhibit one or more of the following characteristics: 
 businesses with strong franchises and sustainable competitive advantages; 

businesses operating in industries with barriers to entry; 

businesses in industries with positive long-term dynamics; 

businesses with cash flows that are dependable and predictable; 

businesses with management teams with demonstrated track records and economic incentives; or 

businesses controlled by private equity investors that require capital for growth, acquisitions, and leveraged buyouts. 

We seek to create a diversified portfolio of investments across various industries as a method to manage risk and capitalize on specific sector trends, although our investments may be concentrated in a small number of industries. 
 Investment Focus 
 Generally, we focus on investing in secured debt (including first lien, unitranche first lien and second-lien debt) and unsecured debt (including senior unsecured, mezzanine and subordinated debt), as well as related equity securities of private U.S. middle-market companies. By middle-market companies, we mean companies that have annual EBITDA, which we believe is a useful proxy for cash flow, of 10 million to 250 million. We may on occasion invest in larger or smaller companies. 
 First lien investments are senior loans on a lien basis to other liabilities in the issuer s capital structure that have the benefit of a first-priority security interest in assets of the issuer. The security interest ranks above the security interest of any second-lien lenders in those assets. 
 Unitranche first lien investments are loans that may extend deeper in a company s capital structure than traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority among different lenders in the unitranche loan. In certain instances, we may find another lender to provide the first out portion of such loan and retain the last out portion of such loan, in which case, the first out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the last out portion that we would continue to hold. In exchange for the greater risk of loss, the last out portion earns a higher interest rate. 
 Second lien investments are loans with a second priority lien on all existing and future assets of the portfolio company. The security interest ranks below the security interests of any first lien and unitranche first lien lenders in those assets. 
 Unsecured debt investments are loans that generally rank senior to a borrower s equity securities and junior in right of payment to such borrower s other senior indebtedness. 
 We generally invest in securities that are rated below investment grade e.g. , junk bonds) by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments We may invest in high yield debt, or junk bonds, which has greater credit and liquidity risk than more highly rated debt obligations . Our investments may include non-cash income features, including PIK interest and OID. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments Our investments in OID and PIK interest income may expose us to risks associated with such income being required to be included in accounting income and taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 8 

Our business model is focused on the direct origination of loans to middle-market companies. The companies in which we invest use our capital to support organic growth, acquisitions, market or product expansion and recapitalizations. We expect to generate revenues primarily in the form of interest income from debt investments, dividend income from direct equity investments, capital gains on the sales of debt and equity securities and various loan origination and other fees. 
 We may purchase interests in loans or make debt investments, either (i) directly from our target companies as primary market or private credit investments i.e. , private credit transactions), or (ii) primary or secondary market bank loan or high yield transactions in the broadly syndicated over-the-counter market i.e. , broadly syndicated loans and bonds). Although our focus is to invest in less liquid private credit transactions, we may from time to time invest in more liquid broadly syndicated loans and bonds to complement our private credit transactions. In addition, and because we often receive more attractive financing terms on broadly syndicated loans and bonds than we do on our less liquid assets, we are able to leverage the broadly syndicated portfolio in such a way that can maximize the levered return potential of our portfolio. 
 Investment Decision Process 
 Through its affiliation with Crescent, the Adviser has access to origination capabilities and research resources, experienced investment professionals, internal information systems and a credit analysis framework and investment process. Over the years, Crescent has designed its investment process to seek investments which it believes have the most attractive risk/reward characteristics. The process involves multiple levels of review and is coordinated in an effort to identify risks in potential investments. Our Adviser applies Crescent s expertise to screen our investment opportunities as described below. Depending on the type of investment and the borrower, the Adviser may apply all or some of these levels of review, in its discretion. Based upon a favorable outcome of the diligence process described below, our Adviser s investment committee will make a final decision on such investment and such investment will only be funded after approval by the Adviser s investment committee. 
 Private Credit Originations : New private credit investment opportunities are initially reviewed by a Crescent senior investment professional to determine whether additional consideration is warranted. Factors influencing this decision include fundamental business considerations, including borrower industry, borrower financial leverage and cash flows and quality of management as well as private equity sponsor involvement (if any). In the event of an initial positive review, potential investments are further reviewed with senior and junior investment professionals. If the team agrees on the fundamental attractiveness of the investment, the review phase proceeds with preliminary due diligence and financial analyses. At this point, Crescent utilizes its credit analysis methodology to outline credit and operating statistics and identify key business characteristics and risks through available diligence materials in addition to dialogue with company management and the proposed private equity sponsor (if any). Following this analysis, Crescent considers an initial structure and pricing proposal for the investment and preliminarily informs the broader investment team of such proposal. 
 After satisfactory preliminary analysis and review, further due diligence continues, including completion of credit analysis, on-site due diligence (if deemed necessary), visits and meetings with management, and could include consultation with third-party experts. The credit analysis is a detailed, bottom-up analysis on the proposed portfolio company that generally includes an assessment of its industry, market, competition, products, services, management and the equity sponsor or owner. Detailed financial analysis is also performed at this stage with a focus on historical financial results. Projected financial information developed by the proposed portfolio company is analyzed and sensitized based upon the portfolio company s historical results and assessment of the portfolio company s future prospects. The sensitivity analysis highlights the variability of revenues and earnings, worst case debt service coverage and available sources of liquidity. As part of the overall evaluation, comparisons are made to similar companies to help assess a portfolio company s asset and enterprise value coverage of debt, interest servicing capacity and competitive strength within its industry and market. Additionally during this stage, Crescent typically works with the management of the proposed portfolio company and its other capital providers to develop the structure of an investment, including negotiating among these parties on how the investment is expected to perform relative to the other forms of capital in its capital structure. 
 Syndicated Investments: For syndicated investments, Crescent seeks to pursue an investment process based upon evaluation of the credit fundamentals of issuers. The foundation of this process is the bottom-up credit research process that Crescent employs across multiple strategies. In selecting investments, Crescent s investment professionals perform comprehensive analysis of credit worthiness, including an assessment of the business, an evaluation of management, an analysis of business strategy and industry trends, an examination of financial results and projections and a review of the security s proposed terms. Credit research is a critical component of the investment process. In selecting investments, Crescent s respective portfolio management teams analyze opportunities with an emphasis on principal preservation (i.e., an issuer s ability to service its debt and maintain cash flow). 
 Investment Funding 
 Upon completion of the investment decision process described above, the investment team working on an investment delivers a memorandum to the Adviser s investment committee. Once an investment has been approved by the investment committee, the Adviser moves through a series of steps with the respective investment team towards negotiation of final documentation. 
 
 9 

Investment Monitoring 
 The Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Adviser monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. The Adviser has a number of methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following: 
 assessment of success of the portfolio company in adhering to its business plan and compliance with covenants; 

review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 

contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

comparisons to other companies in the industry; and 

attendance and participation in board meetings. 

As part of the monitoring process, the Adviser regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and, on a quarterly basis, grades each investment on a risk scale of 1 to 5. Risk assessment is not standardized in our industry and our risk assessment may not be comparable to ones used by our competitors. Our assessment is based on the following categories: 
 1. Involves the least amount of risk relative to cost or amortized cost. Investment performance is above expectations since origination or acquisition. Trends and risk factors are generally favorable, which may include financial performance or a potential exit. 

2. Involves a level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination or acquisition. The investment is generally performing as expected, and the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment are neutral to favorable relative to the time of origination or acquisition. New investments are generally assigned a rating of 2 at origination or acquisition. 

3. Indicates an investment performing below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have increased since origination or acquisition. For debt investments, borrowers are more likely than not in compliance with debt covenants and loan payments are generally not past due. An investment rating of 3 requires closer monitoring. 

4. Indicates an investment performing materially below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have increased materially since origination or acquisition. For debt investments, borrowers may be out of compliance with debt covenants and loan payments may be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). Non-accrual status is strongly considered for debt investments rated 4. 

5. Indicates an investment performing substantially below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have substantially increased since origination or acquisition. We do not expect to recover our initial cost basis from investments rated 5. Debt investments with an investment rating of 5 are generally in payment and/or covenant default and are on non-accrual status. 

Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On June 2, 2015, we entered into an investment advisory agreement with the Adviser which was most recently amended and restated (the Investment Advisory Agreement on January 5, 2021. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser provides investment advisory services to us and our portfolio investments. The Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is free to furnish similar or other services to others so long as its services to us are not impaired. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is entitled to receive a base management fee and may also receive incentive fees, as discussed below. 
 
 Base Management Fee 
 The base management fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of our gross assets, including assets acquired through the incurrence of debt but excluding any cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities and commercial paper maturing within one year of purchase. 
 
 Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser agreed to waive a portion of the management fee from February 1, 2020 through July 31, 2021 after the closing of the Alcentra Acquisition so that only 0.75 was charged for such time period. The 
 10 

Adviser has also voluntarily waived its right to receive management fees on the Company s investments in GACP II LP and WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund LP for any period in which these investments remain in the investment portfolio. 
 
 Incentive Fee 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee consists of two parts: 
 
 The first part, the income incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and (a) equals 100 of the excess of the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, over a preferred return of 1.75 per quarter (7.0 annualized) (the Hurdle ), and a catch-up feature until the Adviser has received 17.5 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the current quarter up to 2.1212 (the Catch-up ), and (b) 17.5 of all remaining pre-incentive fee net investment income above the Catch-up. 
 
 The second part, the capital gains incentive fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year at a rate of 17.5 of the realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the inception through the end of the fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement shall terminate as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying a capital gains incentive fee. 
 
 Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser agreed to waive the income based portion of the incentive fee from February 1, 2020 through July 31, 2021. Additionally, on February 22, 2021, the Adviser notified the Board of Directors of its intent to voluntarily waive income incentive fees to the extent net investment income, excluding the effect of the GAAP incentive fee, falls short of the regular declared dividend on a full dollar basis. The waiver became effective on July 31, 2021 and, pursuant to an extension of the waiver announced on October 4, 2022, will continue through December 31, 2023. The Adviser has also voluntarily waived its right to receive the income incentive fees attributable to the investment income accrued as a result of its investments in GACP II LP and WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund LP. 
 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during each calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for such quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding debt or preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as market discount, original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero coupon securities), accrued income that has not yet been received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income will be compared to a Hurdle Amount equal to the product of (i) the Hurdle rate of 1.75 per quarter, or 7.0 annualized, and (ii) our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness, before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period), at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a catch-up provision incurred at the end of each calendar quarter. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Our management and incentive fee structure may create incentives for the Adviser that are not fully aligned our stockholders' interest and may induce the Adviser to make speculative investments. 
 GAAP Incentive Fee on Cumulative Unrealized Capital Appreciation 
 
 We accrue, but do not pay, a portion of the incentive fee based on capital gains with respect to net unrealized appreciation. Under GAAP, we are required to accrue an incentive fee based on capital gains that includes net realized capital gains and losses and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the accrual for the incentive fee based on capital gains, we consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, since an incentive fee based on capital gains would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then we record a capital gains incentive fee equal to 17.5 of such amount, minus the aggregate amount of actual incentive fees based on capital gains paid in all prior periods. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. 

Our Board monitors the mix and performance of our investments over time and will seek to satisfy itself that the Adviser is acting in our interests and that our fee structure appropriately incentivizes the Adviser to do so. 
 11 

Term 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement has been unanimously approved by the Board. Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect until January 5, 2024 and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the vote of a majority of our independent directors. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act). The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon key personnel of Crescent and the Adviser . 
 Indemnification 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under that agreement. The Adviser will not be responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow the Adviser s advice or recommendations. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser, its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including, without limitation, the Administrator, and any person controlling or controlled by the Adviser will not be liable to us, any of our subsidiaries, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Investment Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty on 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 United States federal and state securities laws may impose liability under certain circumstances on persons who act in good faith. Nothing in the Investment Advisory Agreement constitutes a waiver or limitation of any rights that we may have under any applicable federal or state securities laws. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On June 2, 2015, we entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, as amended and restated on February 1, 2020. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides administrative services. These services include providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. Certain of these services are reimbursable to the Administrator under the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, the Administrator is permitted to delegate its duties under the Administration Agreement to affiliates or third parties. To the extent the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without incremental profit to the Administrator. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty on 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 No person who is an officer, director or employee of the Administrator or its affiliates and who serves as a director receives any compensation for his or her services as a director. However, we reimburse the Administrator (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator or its affiliates to our compliance professionals, legal counsel, and other professionals who spend time on such related activities (based on the percentage of time those individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs). The allocable portion of the compensation for these officers and other professionals are included in the administration expenses paid to the Administrator. Directors who are not affiliated with the Administrator or its affiliates receive compensation for their services and reimbursement of expenses incurred to attend meetings. 
 
 The Administration Agreement has been approved by our Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from their effective date and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of our Board, or by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the vote of a majority of our independent directors. The Administration Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of assignment. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon key personnel of Crescent and the Adviser . 
 12 

License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Crescent under which Crescent granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Crescent Capital . 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors in providing financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, other business development companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 We expect to use the expertise of Crescent s investment professionals to which we will have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we expect that the relationships of Crescent s senior members will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We operate in an increasingly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could make it difficult for us to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives . 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of management fees and incentive fees to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement, as amended, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement, operating costs associated with our third party sub-administrator and other operating costs described below. The management and incentive fees compensate the Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including: 
 the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, rent and the allocable portion of the cost of certain professional services provided to us, including but not limited to, our compliance professionals, our legal counsel and other professionals); 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 

fees payable to third parties relating to making investments, including out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments; 

out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees and any stock exchange listing fees; 

brokerage commissions; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; 

debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us in connection with making investments and administering our business. 

13 

Capital Resources and Borrowings 
 We anticipate cash to be generated from future offerings of securities, future borrowings, and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments as well as income earned on investments. Additionally, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In connection with borrowings, our lenders may require us to pledge assets and to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 
 For more information on our debt, see ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRIP 
 We adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution then stockholders who are participating in the dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. 
 Resource Sharing Agreement 
 We do not currently have any employees. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the investment professionals of the Adviser to achieve our investment objective. The Adviser is an affiliate of Crescent and depends upon access to the investment professionals and other resources of Crescent and its affiliates to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Adviser also depends upon Crescent to obtain access to deal flow generated by Crescent s investment professionals and its affiliates. Each of our officers will also be an employee of the Adviser, Crescent or its affiliates. 
 Pursuant to its Resource Sharing Agreement with Crescent, the Adviser will have access to the individuals who comprise our Adviser s investment committee, and a team of additional experienced investment professionals who, collectively, comprise the Adviser s investment team. The Adviser may hire additional investment professionals to provide services to us, based upon its needs. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 We are regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending primarily to private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A publicly-traded BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly-traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. Prior to February 3, 2020, which is the date of our listing on NASDAQ in connection with the Alcentra Acquisition, our stock was privately held. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of our outstanding voting securities is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we will be prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC through an exemptive relief order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). 
 Also, while we may borrow funds to make investments, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant aspects. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, effective May 5, 2020 with shareholder approval, we, as a BDC, are permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met), rather than 200 , as previously required. Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for these purposes. The amount of leverage that we employ depends on our Adviser s and our Board s assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 14 

We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate, unless certain conditions are met. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject our stockholders to additional expenses. Such investments will also generally be considered non-qualifying assets under the 1940 Act as discussed below. Our investment portfolio is also subject to diversification requirements by virtue of our intention to be a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. 
 We are subject to periodic examinations by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Qualifying Assets 
 We may invest up to 30 of our portfolio opportunistically in non-qualifying assets . However, under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

a. Issuer is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. Issuer is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. Issuer satisfies any of the following: 

i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 

iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

2. Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

3. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

4. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

5. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

6. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described under Qualifying Assets above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available 
 15 

managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors or officers, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Monitoring Investments 
 In most cases, we will not have board influence over portfolio companies. In some instances, the Adviser s investment professionals may obtain board representation or observation rights in conjunction with our investments. In conjunction with our Adviser s investment committee and our Board, the Adviser will take an active approach in monitoring all investments, which includes reviews of financial performance on at least a quarterly basis and may include discussions with management and/or the equity sponsor. The monitoring process will begin with structuring terms and conditions which require the timely delivery and access to critical financial and business information regarding portfolio companies. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. See Item I. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences Election to be Taxed as a RIC . Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. 
 The 1940 Act imposes limitations on a BDC s issuance of preferred shares, which are considered senior securities and thus are subject to the 150 asset coverage requirement described above. In addition, (i) preferred shares must have the same voting rights as the common stockholders (one share, one vote); and (ii) preferred stockholders must have the right, as a class, to appoint directors to the board of directors. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 As required by Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, we and the Adviser have adopted codes of ethics which apply to, among others, our and our Adviser s executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as our Adviser s officers, directors and employees. Our codes of ethics generally will not permit investments by our and the Adviser s personnel in securities that may be purchased or sold by us. 
 We hereby undertake to provide a copy of the codes to any person, without charge, upon request. Requests for a copy of the codes may be made in writing addressed to our Secretary, George Hawley, Crescent Capital BDC, Inc., 11100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2000, Los Angeles, California, 90025, Attention: CCAP Investor Relations, or by emailing us at investor.relations@crescentcap.com. Our code of ethics is available without charge on our website, at http://www.crescentbdc.com . 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and our Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and we are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their 
 16 

adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and (once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act or, if later, for the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Regulations 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC has adopted various corporate governance requirements as part of its listing standards. We monitor our compliance with such listing standards to the extent applicable and will take actions necessary to ensure that we remain in compliance therewith. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We delegate our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, the Adviser recognizes that it must vote portfolio securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 
 The Adviser votes all proxies based upon the guiding principle of seeking to maximize the ultimate long-term economic value of our stockholders holdings, and ultimately all votes are cast on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration the contractual obligations under the relevant advisory agreements or comparable documents, and all other relevant facts and circumstances at the time of the vote. The Adviser reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although the Adviser generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, the Adviser may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The Adviser s proxy voting decisions are made by our Adviser s investment committee. To ensure that the vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our Adviser s investment committee, and disinterested directors, any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote 
 17 

administration are prohibited from revealing how the Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 We furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 Stockholders and the public may also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains such information. 
 Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify annually, as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our stockholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute (or are deemed to distributed) generally will be taxable to stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and most other tax attributes generally will not passthrough to stockholders. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of the Company s investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 
 If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) we distribute to stockholders. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 at all times during each taxable year, have in effect an election to be treated as a Business Development Company under the 1940 Act; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (the 90 Gross Income Test ); and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 (i) at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of its assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 (ii) no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (a) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (b) the securities of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (c) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships ((i) and (ii) collectively, the Diversification Tests ). 
 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt 
 18 

instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 
 Because we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act described above and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (a) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (b) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (c) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (d) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (e) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (f) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; or (g) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 
 If, in any particular taxable year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. This information is available free of charge on our website at http://www.crescentbdc.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report and you should not consider such information to be part of this Annual Report. Such information is also available from the EDGAR database on the SEC s web site at http://www.sec.gov. 

19 

large segments of China s export industry, which could have a negative impact on our performance. U.S. companies that source material and goods from China and those that make large amounts of sales in China would be particularly vulnerable to an escalation of trade tensions. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the trade tensions and the potential for a trade war could cause the U.S. dollar to decline against safe haven currencies, such as the Japanese yen and the euro. Events such as these and their consequences are difficult to predict and it is unclear whether further tariffs may be imposed or other escalating actions may be taken in the future. Any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The effects described above on our portfolio companies could impact their ability to make payments on their loans on a timely basis and may impact their ability to continue making their loan payments on a timely basis or meeting their loan covenants. The inability of portfolio companies to make timely payments or meet loan covenants may in the future require us to undertake amendment actions with respect to our investments or to restructure our investments, which may include the need for us to make additional investments in our portfolio companies (including debt or equity investments) beyond any existing commitments, exchange debt for equity, or change the payment terms of our investments to permit a portfolio company to pay a portion of its interest through payment-in-kind, which would defer the cash collection of such interest and add it to the principal balance, which would generally be due upon repayment of the outstanding principal. Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we or one of our affiliates may have structured our interest in such portfolio company as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding as equity and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors. Recently, central banks such as the Federal Reserve Bank have been increasing interest rates in an effort to slow the rate of inflation. There is a risk that increased interest rates may cause the economy to enter a recession. Any such recession would negatively impact the businesses in which we invest and our business. These impacts may include: severe declines in the market price of our securities or net asset value; 

 inability of the Company to accurately or reliably value its portfolio; 

 inability of the Company to comply with certain asset coverage ratios that would prevent the Company from paying dividends to our stockholders and that could result breaches of covenants or events of default under our credit agreement or debt indentures; 

 inability of the Company to pay any dividends and distributions or service its debt; 

 inability of the Company to maintain its status as a RIC under the Code; 

 declines in the value of our investments; 

 increased risk of default or bankruptcy by the companies in which we invest; 

 increased risk of companies in which we invest being unable to weather an extended cessation of normal economic activity and thereby impairing their ability to continue functioning as a going concern; 

 limited availability of new investment opportunities; 

 inability for us to replace our existing leverage when it becomes due or replace it on terms as favorable as our existing leverage; and 

 general threats to the Company s ability to continue investment operations and to operate successfully as a BDC. 

Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon key personnel of Crescent and the Adviser. We do not have any internal management capacity or employees. Our ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to manage our business and to grow our investments and earnings. We depend on the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of the senior personnel of our Adviser. Our Adviser evaluates, negotiates, structures, executes, monitors and services our investments. Key personnel of our Adviser have departed in the past and current key personnel could depart at any time. Our Adviser s capabilities in structuring the investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the employment of investment professionals in adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. The departure of key personnel or of a significant number of the investment professionals or partners of our Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. Our Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process and may not be able to find investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our Adviser may resign on 60 days notice. If we are unable to quickly find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, our operations are likely to experience a disruption and our ability to achieve our investment objective and pay distributions would likely be materially and adversely affected. The Adviser is an affiliate of Crescent and will depend upon access to the investment professionals and Crescent s other resources to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Adviser will also depend upon such investment professionals to obtain access to deal flow generated by Crescent. Under a Resource Sharing Agreement, Crescent has agreed to provide the Adviser with the experienced investment professionals necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Resource Sharing Agreement provides that Crescent will make available to the Adviser experienced investment professionals and access to Crescent s resources for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. Our ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to manage our business and to grow our investments and earnings. This will depend, in turn, on Crescent s ability to identify, invest in and monitor portfolio companies that meet our investment criteria. Further, we depend upon Crescent to maintain its relationships with private equity sponsors, placement agents, investment banks, management groups and other financial institutions, and we expect to rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. The achievement of our investment objectives on a cost-effective basis will depend upon Crescent s execution of our investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and, to a lesser extent, our access to financing on acceptable terms. We may not replicate the historical results achieved by Crescent. Our primary focus in making investments may differ from those of existing investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles that are or have been managed by members of the Adviser s investment committee or by Crescent. Past performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future results. There can be no guarantee that we will replicate our own historical performance, the historical success of Crescent or the historical performance of investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles that are or have been managed by members of the Adviser s investment committee or by Crescent or its employees, and we caution investors that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by them in prior periods. The Adviser, the investment committee of the Adviser, Crescent and their affiliates, officers, directors and employees may face certain conflicts of interest. As a result of our arrangements with Crescent, the Adviser and the Adviser s investment committee, there may be times when the Adviser or such persons have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict of interest. The members of the Adviser s investment committee serve, or may serve, as officers, directors, members, or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds, accounts, or investment vehicles managed by Crescent and/or its affiliates. Similarly, Crescent and its affiliates may have other clients with similar, different or competing investment objectives. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of, or which may be adverse to the interests of, us or our stockholders. For example, Crescent has, and will continue to have management responsibilities for other investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles. There is a potential that we will compete with these funds, and other entities managed by Crescent and its affiliates, for capital and investment opportunities. As a result, members of the Adviser s investment committee who are affiliated with Crescent will face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities among us, and other investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent and its affiliates and may make certain investments that are appropriate for us but for which we receive a relatively small allocation or no allocation at all. Crescent intends to allocate investment opportunities among eligible investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in a manner that is fair and equitable over time and consistent with its allocation policy. However, we can offer no assurance that such opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time and we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by Crescent or its affiliates. We expect that Crescent and the Adviser will agree with our Board that, subject to applicable law, allocations among us and other investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent will generally be made based on capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated and the respective governing documents of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles. We expect that available capital for our investments will be determined based on the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions set by our Board or as imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities that are suitable to us. Further, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we and our affiliates may own investments at different levels of a portfolio company s capital structure or otherwise own different classes of a portfolio company s securities, which may give rise to conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest. Conflicts may also arise because decisions regarding our portfolio may benefit our affiliates. Our affiliates may pursue or enforce rights with respect to one of its portfolio companies, and those activities may have an adverse effect on us. Conflicts may arise related to other arrangements with Crescent and the Adviser and other affiliates. We have entered into a license agreement with Crescent under which Crescent has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Crescent Capital. In addition, the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, an affiliate of Crescent, requires we pay to the Administrator our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. In addition, the Adviser has entered into a Resource Sharing Agreement with Crescent pursuant to which Crescent provides the Adviser with the resources necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. These agreements create conflicts of interest that the independent members of our Board will monitor. For example, under the terms of the license agreement, we will be unable to preclude Crescent from licensing or transferring the ownership of the Crescent Capital name to third parties, some of whom may compete against us. Consequently, it will be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of Crescent or others. Furthermore, in the event the license agreement is terminated, we will be required to change our name and cease using Crescent Capital as part of our name. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the market place, damage any goodwill it may have generated and otherwise harm its business. The Investment Advisory Agreement, and the Administration Agreement were negotiated between related parties. Consequently, their terms, including fees payable to the Adviser, may not be as favorable to us as if they had been negotiated exclusively with an unaffiliated third party. In addition, we may desire not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, its rights and remedies under these agreements because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with the Adviser, the Administrator and their respective affiliates. Any such decision, however, could breach our fiduciary obligations to its stockholders. Crescent s principals and employees, the Adviser or their affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion . Crescent s executive officers and directors, principals and other employees, including members of the Adviser s investment committee, may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, portfolio companies in which we invest, the securities of which are purchased or sold on our behalf and may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment. In the event that material non-public information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies, Crescent s policies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time or indefinitely from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, or we may be precluded from providing such information or other ideas to other funds affiliated with Crescent that might benefit from such information, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us. Our management and incentive fee structure may create incentives for the Adviser that are not fully aligned with our stockholders interests and may induce the Adviser to make speculative investments. In the course of our investing activities, we will pay management and incentive fees to the Adviser. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser that provides that these fees are based on the value of our gross assets (which includes assets purchased with borrowed amounts or other forms of leverage but excludes cash and cash equivalents), instead of net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable). As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, including the costs of leverage, resulting in a lower rate of return than one might achieve if distributions were made on a gross basis. Because our management fees are based on the value of our gross assets, incurrence of debt or the use of leverage will increase the management fees due to the Adviser. As such, the Adviser may have an incentive to use leverage to make additional investments. In addition, as additional leverage would magnify positive returns, if any, on our portfolio, the incentive fee would become payable to the Adviser (i.e., exceed the Hurdle Amount (as defined herein under the heading Incentive Fee )) at a lower average return on our portfolio. Thus, if we incur additional leverage, the Adviser may receive additional incentive fees without any corresponding increase (and potentially with a decrease) in the performance of our portfolio. Additionally, under the incentive fee structure, the Adviser may benefit when capital gains are recognized and, because the Adviser will determine when to sell a holding, the Adviser will control the timing of the recognition of such capital gains. As a result of these arrangements, there may be times when the management team of the Adviser has interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. Furthermore, there is a risk the Adviser will make more speculative investments in an effort to receive this payment. PIK interest and OID would increase our pre-incentive fee net investment income by increasing the size of the loan balance of underlying loans and increasing our assets under management and would make it easier for the Adviser to surpass the Hurdle Amount and increase the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser. The part of the incentive fee payable to the Adviser relating to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include interest income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash. This fee structure may give rise to a conflict of interest for the Adviser to the extent that it encourages the Adviser to favor debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. The Adviser may have an incentive to invest in deferred interest securities in circumstances where it would not have done so but for the opportunity to continue to earn the incentive fee even when the issuers of the deferred interest securities would not be able to make actual cash payments to us on such securities. This risk could be increased because, under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is not obligated to reimburse us for incentive fees it receives even if we subsequently incur losses or never receives in cash the deferred income that was previously accrued. Our Board is charged with protecting our interests by monitoring how the Adviser addresses these and other conflicts of interest associated with its services and compensation. While our Board is not expected to review or approve each investment decision or incurrence of leverage, our independent directors will periodically review the Adviser s services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions and portfolio performance. In connection with these reviews, our independent directors will consider whether the Adviser s fees and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds, and, to the extent it so invests, bear its ratable share of any such investment company s expenses, including management and performance fees. We also remain obligated to pay management and incentive fees to the Adviser with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of other investment companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our stockholders bears his or her share of the management and incentive fees of the Adviser as well as indirectly bearing the management and performance fees and other expenses of any investment companies in which we invest. The Adviser has limited liability and is entitled to indemnification under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under that agreement. The Adviser will not be responsible for any action of our Board in following or declining to follow the Adviser s advice or recommendations. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement the Adviser, its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including, without limitation, its general partner and the Administrator, and any person controlling or controlled by the Adviser will not be liable to us, any of our subsidiaries, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including, without limitation, its general partner and the Administrator, and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by such party in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of us or our security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of us, except in respect of any liability to us or our security holders to which such party would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Adviser s duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than the Adviser would when acting for its own account. Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. We consider the Adviser and its affiliates, including Crescent, to be our affiliates for such purposes. In addition, any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate without the prior approval of our independent directors. We consider the Adviser and its affiliates, including Crescent, to be our affiliates for such purposes. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company, without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. We are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. We may, however, invest alongside Crescent s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations or exemptive orders. For example, we may invest alongside such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that Crescent, acting on our behalf and on behalf of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles, negotiates no term other than price. We may also invest alongside Crescent s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations or exemptive orders and Crescent s allocation policy. If the Company is prohibited by applicable law from investing alongside Crescent s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles with respect to an investment opportunity, we may not be able to participate in such investment opportunity. This allocation policy provides that allocations among us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent and its affiliates will generally be made pro rata based on capital available for investment, as determined, in our case, by our Board as well as the terms of our governing documents and those of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles. It is our policy to base our determinations on such factors as: the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, our targeted leverage level, our targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions set by our Board or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. We expect that these determinations will be made similarly for investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent. However, we can offer no assurance that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. In situations where co-investment with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between our interests and those of Crescent s clients, subject to the limitations described in the preceding paragraph, Crescent will need to decide which client will proceed with the investment. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates. These restrictions will limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. We, the Adviser and Crescent have been granted exemptive relief from the SEC which permits greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that co-investment by us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent may afford us additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve a more varied portfolio. Accordingly, our exemptive order permits us to invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent in the same portfolio companies under circumstances in which such investments would otherwise not be permitted by the 1940 Act. The exemptive relief permitting co-investment transactions generally applies only if our independent directors and directors who have no financial interest in such transaction review and approve in advance each co-investment transaction. Our ability to sell or otherwise exit investments also invested in by other Crescent investment vehicles is restricted. We may be considered affiliates with respect to certain of our portfolio companies because our affiliates, which may include certain investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles managed by Crescent, also hold interests in these portfolio companies and as such these interests may be considered a joint enterprise under the 1940 Act. To the extent that our interests in these portfolio companies may need to be restructured in the future or to the extent that we choose to exit certain of these transactions, our ability to do so will be limited. We intend to seek exemptive relief in relation to certain joint transactions; however, there is no assurance that we will obtain relief that would permit us to negotiate future restructurings or other transactions that may be considered a joint enterprise. We operate in an increasingly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could make it difficult for us to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we make and plan to make. We compete with public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our RIC qualification. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. With respect to the investments we make, we will not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we will offer, and we believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates we offer. In the secondary market for acquiring existing loans, we expect to compete generally on the basis of pricing terms. With respect to all investments, we may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. We may also compete for investment opportunities with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Crescent. Although Crescent will allocate opportunities in accordance with its policies and procedures, allocations to such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles will reduce the amount and frequency of opportunities available to us and may not be in the best interests of us and our stockholders. Moreover, the performance of investments will not be known at the time of allocation. See The Adviser, the investment committee of the Adviser, Crescent and their affiliates, officers, directors and employees may face certain conflicts of interest. We will be subject to corporate level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC. To qualify as a RIC under the Code, we must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements. The distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. We will be subject, to the extent we use debt financing, to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter and source-of-income requirements on an annual basis. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of our qualifications as a RIC. Because most of our investments will be in private or thinly traded public companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distributions to our stockholders and the amount of funds available for new investments. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. We may need to raise additional capital. We intend to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition, we will be required to distribute in respect of each taxable year at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, for such taxable year to our stockholders to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Amounts so distributed will not be available to fund new investments or repay maturing debt. An inability on our part to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease our earnings, if any, which would have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. Further, we may pursue growth through acquisitions or strategic investments in new businesses. Completion and timing of any such acquisitions or strategic investments may be subject to a number of contingencies and risks. There can be no assurance that the integration of an acquired business will be successful or that an acquired business will prove to be profitable or sustainable. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we may, raise additional capital. We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we will be permitted as a BDC to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, as amended, equals at least 150 of our gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous to us in order to repay a portion of its indebtedness. If we issue senior securities, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. Furthermore, equity capital may be difficult to raise because, subject to some limited exceptions we are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests, and if our stockholders, including a majority of those stockholders that are not affiliated with us, approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). We do not currently have authorization from our stockholders to issue our common stock at a price below the then-current NAV per share. Stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. Under our dividend reinvestment plan, if a stockholder owns shares of our common stock, the stockholder will have all cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless such stockholder, or his, her or its nominee on such stockholder s behalf, specifically opts out of the dividend reinvestment plan by delivering a written notice to the plan administrator prior to the record date of the next distribution. If a stockholder does not opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan, that stockholder will be deemed to have received, and for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in our common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. As a result, a stockholder may have to use funds from other sources to pay U.S. federal income tax liability on the value of the common stock received. Even if a stockholder chooses to opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan, we will have the ability to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of our common stock instead of in cash in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement (as defined herein under the heading Item 1(c). Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company Election to Be Taxed as a RIC ). As long as a sufficient portion of this dividend is available to be paid in cash (generally 20 and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder generally will be subject to tax on 100 of the fair market value of the dividend on the date the dividend is received by the stockholder in the same manner as a cash dividend, even though most of the dividend was paid in shares of common stock. We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as the accretion of OID. This may arise if we receive warrants in connection with the making of a loan and in other circumstances, or through contracted PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Such OID, which could be significant relative to our overall investment activities, or increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements, will be included in income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to maintain our qualification as a RIC. In such a case, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and thus be subject to corporate-level income tax. We may be subject to withholding of U. S. Federal income tax on distributions to non-U.S. stockholders. Distributions by a RIC generally are treated as dividends for U.S. tax purposes, and will be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax unless the stockholder receiving the dividend qualifies for an exemption from U.S. tax, or the distribution is subject to one of the special look-through rules described below. Distributions paid out of net capital gains can qualify for a reduced rate of taxation in the hands of an individual U.S. stockholder, and an exemption from U.S. tax in the hands of a non-U.S. stockholder. Properly reported dividend distributions by RICs paid out of certain interest income (such distributions, interest-related dividends are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax for non-U.S. stockholders. Under such exemption, a non-U.S. stockholder generally may receive interest-related dividends free of U.S. withholding tax if the stockholder would not have been subject to U.S. withholding tax if it had received the underlying interest income directly. A similar exemption applies to property reported dividend distributions paid out of short-term capital gains. No assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be eligible for this exemption from U.S. withholding tax or, if eligible, will be designated as such by us. In particular, the exemption does apply to distributions paid in respect of a RIC s non-U.S. source interest income, its dividend income or its foreign currency gains. In the case shares of our common stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary may withhold U.S. federal income tax even if we designate the payment as a dividend eligible for the exemption. Also, because our common stock will be subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock will generally be illiquid, non-U.S. stockholders whose distributions on our common stock are subject to U.S. withholding tax may not be able to transfer their shares of our common stock easily or quickly or at all. We may retain income and capital gains in excess of what is permissible for excise tax purposes and such amounts will be subject to 4 U.S. federal excise tax, reducing the amount available for distribution to stockholders. We may retain some income and capital gains in the future, including for purposes of providing additional liquidity, which amounts would be subject to a 4 U.S. federal excise tax to the extent we do not distribute during the calendar year the amount of distributions required to avoid the excise tax.. In that event, we will be liable for the tax on the amount by which it does not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. See Item 1(c). Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company Taxation as a RIC. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to maintain our qualification as a RIC. To maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code, we must meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, 90 Income Test and Diversification Tests described below and defined and further described in Item 1(c). Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company Election to Be Taxed as a RIC . The Annual Distribution Requirement will be satisfied if we distribute dividends to our stockholders in respect of each taxable year of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of its investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for distributions paid. In this regard, a RIC may, in certain cases, satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement by distributing dividends relating to a taxable year after the close of such taxable year under the spillback dividend provisions of Subchapter M of the Code. We will be subject to tax, at regular corporate rates, on any retained income and/or gains, including any short-term capital gains or long-term capital gains. We must also satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, which is an additional distribution requirement with respect to each calendar year in order to avoid the imposition of a 4 excise tax on the amount of any under-distribution. Because we use debt financing, we are subject to (i) an asset coverage ratio requirement under the 1940 Act and are subject to (ii) certain financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the distribution requirements. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, or choose or are required to retain a portion of our taxable income or gains, we could (i) be required to pay excise tax and (ii) fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment, and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax on its taxable income (including gains). The 90 Income Test will be satisfied if we earn at least 90 of our gross income each taxable year from distributions, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities, or other income derived from the business of investing in stock or securities. The Diversification Tests will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. To satisfy the Diversification Tests, at least 50 of the value of our assets at the close of each quarter of each taxable year must consist of cash, cash equivalents (including receivables), U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other acceptable securities, and no more than 25 of the value of its assets can be invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in us having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the net taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. We also may invest in certain foreign debt and equity investments that could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding, and value added taxes). If we fail to maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, and the amount of our distributions. Certain investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. Private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company either pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act are restricted from acquiring directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). Investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and BDCs, such as us, are also currently subject to this restriction as well as other limitations under the 1940 Act that would restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. As a result, certain investors will be limited in their ability to make significant investments in us at a time that they might desire to do so. The SEC has adopted Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act. Subject to certain conditions, Rule 12d1-4 provides an exemption to permit acquiring funds to invest in the securities of other registered investment companies and BDCs in excess of the limits prescribed by the 1940 Act. Our business could be adversely affected in the event we default under our existing credit facilities or any future credit or other borrowing facility. We have entered into, and additionally may enter into, one or more credit facilities. The closing of any additional credit facilities is contingent on a number of conditions including, without limitation, the negotiation and execution of definitive documents relating to such credit facility. If we obtain any additional credit facilities, we intend to use borrowings under such credit facilities to make additional investments and for other general corporate purposes. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to close such additional credit facilities or obtain other financing. In the event we default under one of our credit facilities or any other future borrowing facility, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under the relevant credit facility or such future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under any future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, ability to pay dividends, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we were unable to obtain a waiver of a default from the lenders or holders of that indebtedness, as applicable, those lenders or holders could accelerate repayment under that indebtedness, which might result in cross-acceleration of other indebtedness. An acceleration could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under the relevant credit facility or such future credit or other borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Lastly, as a result of any such default, we may be unable to obtain additional leverage, which could, in turn, affect our return on capital. We are and may be subject to restrictions under our credit facilities and any future credit or other borrowing facility that could adversely impact our business. Our credit facilities, and any future borrowing facility, may be backed by all or a portion of our loans and securities on which the lenders may have a security interest. We currently pledge and may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. Like with its current credit facilities, we expect that any future security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders, and we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in the custodian s electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. Under our current credit facilities, we are subject to customary events of default. If we were to default under the terms of our current credit facilities and any future borrowing facility, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of the assets pledged under the facility, which could include any or all of our assets securing such debt. Such remedial action would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the security interests as well as negative covenants under its credit facilities, or any other future borrowing facility, may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under our credit facilities or any other borrowing facility were to decrease, we would be required to secure additional assets in an amount equal to any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under the relevant credit facility or any other borrowing facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to pay dividends. In addition, under our credit facilities, or any other future borrowing facility, we may be limited as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under our credit facilities or any other borrowing facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our revenues and, by delaying any cash payment allowed to us under the relevant credit facility or any other borrowing facility until the lenders have been paid in full, reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair its ability to grow its business and maintain its qualification as a RIC. Our strategy involves a high degree of leverage. We intend to continue to finance our investments with borrowed money, which will magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and increases the risk of investing in us. The risks of investment in a highly leveraged fund include volatility and possible distribution restrictions. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. However, we have borrowed from, and may in the future issue debt securities to, banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Lenders of these funds have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instruments we may enter into with lenders. In addition, under the terms of our credit facilities and any borrowing facility or other debt instrument we may enter into, we are likely to be required to use the net proceeds of any investments that we sell to repay a portion of the amount borrowed under such facility or instrument before applying such net proceeds to any other uses. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged, thereby magnifying losses or eliminating our stake in a leveraged investment. Similarly, any decrease in our revenue or income will cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline would also negatively affect our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock or preferred stock. Our ability to service any debt will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. In addition, our common stockholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the base management fee payable to the Adviser. There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facilities or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before it matures. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets or seeking additional equity. There can be no assurance that any such actions, if necessary, could be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or on terms that would not be disadvantageous to stockholders or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements. As a BDC, we are generally required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we will not be able to incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when we are otherwise disadvantageous for us to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the Adviser s assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure stockholders that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to it. Rising interest rates or changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our debt investments are generally based on floating rates, such as London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR ), EURIBOR, Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments, the value of our common stock and our rate of return on invested capital. An increase in interest rates generally will increase the cost of borrowing for the companies in which we invest and may make them less profitable, which generally would decrease the value of our investments in them. In addition, although we generally expect to invest a limited percentage of our assets in instruments with a fixed interest rate, including subordinated loans, senior and junior secured and unsecured debt securities and loans in high yield bonds, an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of those fixed rate investments. Rising interest rates may also increase the cost of debt for our underlying portfolio companies, which could adversely impact their financial performance and ability to meet ongoing obligations to the Company. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our dividend rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. Because we have borrowed money, and may issue preferred stock to finance investments, our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay dividends on preferred stock and the rate that our investments yield. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In this period of rising interest rates, our cost of funds may increase except to the extent we have issued fixed rate debt or preferred stock, which could reduce our net investment income. You should also be aware that a change in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rate we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, a change in the interest rate could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the performance threshold and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of Incentive Fees payable to our Advisor with respect to the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income. Interest rates have risen in recent months, and the risk that they may continue to do so is pronounced. Changes relating to the LIBOR calculation process, the phase-out of LIBOR and the use of replacement rates for LIBOR may adversely affect the value of our portfolio securities. In July 2017, the head of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced the desire to phase out the use of LIBOR by the end of 2021. The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. Since December 31, 2021, all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings have ceased to be published or are no longer representative, and after June 30, 2023, the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative. Various financial industry groups have begun planning for the transition away from LIBOR, but there are challenges to converting certain securities and transactions to a new reference rate. As an alternative to LIBOR, the Financial Reporting Council, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions recommended replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with SOFR, a new index calculated by reference to short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. Abandonment of, or modifications to, LIBOR could have adverse impacts on newly issued financial instruments and any of our existing financial instruments which reference LIBOR. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there are many uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR, including, but not limited to, the need to amend all contracts with LIBOR as the referenced rate and how this will impact the cost of variable rate debt and certain derivative financial instruments. In addition, SOFR or other replacement rates may fail to gain market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR or alternative reference rates to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for securities linked to such rates. Neither the effect of the LIBOR transition process nor its ultimate success can yet be known. The transition process might lead to increased volatility and illiquidity in markets for, and reduce the effectiveness of, new hedges placed against, instruments whose terms currently include LIBOR. While some existing LIBOR-based instruments may contemplate a scenario where LIBOR is no longer available by providing for an alternative rate-setting methodology, there may be significant uncertainty regarding the effectiveness of any such alternative methodologies to replicate LIBOR. Not all existing LIBOR-based instruments may have alternative rate-setting provisions and there remains uncertainty regarding the willingness and ability of issuers to add alternative rate-setting provisions in certain existing instruments. Moreover, these alternative rate-setting provisions may not be designed for regular use in an environment where LIBOR ceases to be published and may be an ineffective fallback following the discontinuation of LIBOR. On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which among other things, provides for the use of interest rates based on SOFR in certain contracts currently based on LIBOR and a safe harbor from liability for utilizing SOFR-based interest rates as a replacement for LIBOR. The elimination of LIBOR could have an adverse impact on the market value of and/or transferability of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. We may be the target of litigation. We may be the target of securities litigation in the future, particularly if the value of shares of our common stock fluctuates significantly. We could also generally be subject to litigation, including derivative actions by stockholders. In addition, our investment activities subject it to litigation relating to the bankruptcy process and the normal risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. This risk is somewhat greater where we exercise control or significant influence over a portfolio company s direction. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business and cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is a risk that investors in our common stock may not receive dividends or that our dividends may not grow over time and that investors in our debt securities may not receive all of the interest income to which they are entitled. We intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. If we declare a dividend and if more stockholders opt to receive cash distributions rather than participate in its reinvestment plan, we may be forced to sell some of its investments in order to make cash dividend payments. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions. Certain of our credit facilities may also limit our ability to declare dividends if we default under certain provisions. Further, if we invest a greater amount of assets in equity securities that do not pay current dividends, it could reduce the amount available for distribution. The above-referenced restrictions on distributions may also inhibit our ability to make required interest payments to holders of our debt, which may cause a default under the terms of its debt agreements. Such a default could materially increase our cost of raising capital, as well as cause us to incur penalties under the terms of its debt agreements. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. To maintain its status as a BDC, we are not permitted to acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Subject to certain exceptions for follow-on investments and distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national securities exchange may be treated as a qualifying asset only if such issuer has a common equity market capitalization that is less than 250 million at the time of such investment. Subject to certain exceptions for follow-on investments and investments in distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national securities exchange may be treated as qualifying assets only if such issuer has a common equity market capitalization that is less than 250 million at the time of such investment. We may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The majority of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by Adviser as Valuation Designee with approval from our Board and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. Many of our portfolio investments are in the form of loans and securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined by the Adviser as Valuation Designee in good faith in accordance with Rule 2a-5 and with the approval of our Board, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our investments. Most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 under the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (ASC Topic 820). This means that our portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. We expect that inputs into the determination of fair value of our portfolio investments will require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data are available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We retain the services of one or more independent service providers to review the valuation of these loans and securities. However, the ultimate determination of fair value will be made by the Adviser as Valuation Designee with approval by our Board and not by such third-party valuation firm. The types of factors that the Valuation Designee may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly-traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future, comparisons to publicly traded companies, relevant credit market indices and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. Also, since these valuations are, to a large extent, based on estimates, comparisons and qualitative evaluations of private information, our fair valuation process could make it more difficult for investors to accurately value our investments and could lead to undervaluation or overvaluation of our securities. In addition, the valuation of these types of securities may result in substantial write-downs and earnings volatility. Also, privately held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than larger public competitors. Our NAV could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such loans and securities. Further, our NAV as of a particular date may be materially greater than or less than the value that would be realized if our assets were to be liquidated as of such date. For example, if we were required to sell a certain asset or all or a substantial portion of our assets on a particular date, the actual price that we would realize upon the disposition of such asset or assets could be materially less than the value of such asset or assets as reflected in our NAV. Volatile market conditions could also cause reduced liquidity in the market for certain assets, which could result in liquidation values that are materially less than the values of such assets as reflected in the NAV. We will adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio to reflect the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. In addition, the participation of the Adviser in the valuation process could result in a conflict of interest as the management fee payable is based on our gross assets and the incentive fees earned by the Adviser will be based, in part, on unrealized gains and losses. We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest rate payable on the loans and debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such loans and securities, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. New or modified laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business. We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation by laws at the U.S. federal, state and local levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, including as the result of interpretive guidance or other directives from the U.S. President and others in the executive branch, and new laws, regulations and interpretations may also come into effect. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we do not comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose any licenses that we then hold for the conduct of its business and may be subject to civil fines and criminal penalties. Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations, including those associated with RICs, may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail our self of new or different opportunities or result in the imposition of corporate-level taxes on us. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth therein and may shift our investment focus from the areas of Crescent s expertise to other types of investments in which Crescent may have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of an investor s investment. If we invest in commodity interests in the future, the Adviser may determine not to use investment strategies that trigger additional regulation by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC or may determine to operate subject to CFTC regulation, if applicable. If we or the Adviser were to operate subject to CFTC regulation, we may incur additional expenses and would be subject to additional regulation. Further, there has been increasing commentary amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions, including the Financial Stability Board and International Monetary Fund, on the topic of so called shadow banking (a term generally taken to refer to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system). We are an entity outside the regulated banking system and certain of our activities may be argued to fall within this definition and, in consequence, may be subject to regulatory developments. As a result, we and the Adviser could be subject to increased levels of oversight and regulation. This could increase costs and limit operations. In an extreme eventuality, it is possible that such regulations could render our continued operation unviable and lead to our premature termination or restructuring. The United Kingdom referendum decision to leave the European Union may create significant risks and uncertainty for global markets and our investments. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom UK officially withdrew from the European Union EU ), commonly referred to as Brexit . Following a transition period, the UK and the EU signed a Trade and Cooperation Agreement UK/EU Trade Agreement ), which came into full force on May 1, 2021 and set out the foundation of the economic and legal framework for trade between the UK and the EU. As the UK/EU Trade Agreement is a new legal framework, the implementation of the UK/EU Trade Agreement may result in uncertainty in its application and periods of volatility in both the UK and wider European markets. The UK s exit from the EU is expected to result in additional trade costs and disruptions in this trading relationship. Furthermore, there is the possibility that either party may impose tariffs on trade in the future in the event that regulatory standards between the EU and the UK diverge. The terms of the future relationship may cause continued uncertainty in the global financial markets, and adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our portfolio companies, to execute our respective strategies and to receive attractive returns. Our Board may change our investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. Our Board has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. Under Maryland law, we also cannot be dissolved without prior stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the market price of its common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We are highly dependent on Crescent s information systems, and systems failures or cyber-attacks could significantly disrupt its business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the value of shares of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions. Our business is highly dependent on Crescent s communications and information systems, to which we have access through the Administrator. In addition, certain of these systems are provided to Crescent by third-party service providers. Any failure or interruption of such systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any such third-party service provider, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and its ability to pay dividends to its stockholders. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of its confidential information and/or damage to its business relationships. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen information, misappropriation of assets, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships. This could result in significant losses, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. We face risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided to it by third-party service providers. We, the Adviser and its affiliates have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, may be ineffective and do not guarantee that a cyber-incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Third parties with which we do business (including those that provide services to us) may also be sources or targets of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information and assets, as well as certain investor, counterparty, employee and borrower information. Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may also result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. We and the Adviser are subject to regulations and SEC oversight. If we or the Adviser fail to comply with applicable requirements, it may adversely impact our results relative to companies that are not subject to such regulations. As a BDC, we are subject to a portion of the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated, and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify, as a RIC in accordance with the requirements of Subchapter M of the Code. The 1940 Act and the Code impose various restrictions on the management of a BDC, including related to portfolio construction, asset selection, and tax. These restrictions may reduce the chances that we will achieve the same results as other vehicles managed by Crescent and/or the Adviser. However, if we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility. In addition to these and other requirements applicable to us, the Adviser is subject to regulatory oversight by the SEC. To the extent the SEC raises concerns or has negative findings concerning the manner in which we or the Adviser operates, it could adversely affect our business. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. Our business (including that of our portfolio companies) faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, our relationship with existing and future portfolio companies, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG that are applicable to us and our portfolio companies could adversely affect our business. There is a risk that a significant reorientation in the market following the implementation of these and further measures could be adverse to our portfolio companies if they are perceived to be less valuable as a consequence of, e.g., their carbon footprint or greenwashing (i.e., the holding out of a product as having green or sustainable characteristics where this is not, in fact, the case). We and our portfolio companies are subject to the risk that similar measures might be introduced in other jurisdictions in the future. Additionally, compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we or our portfolio companies conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. Risks Relating to Our Investments Our portfolio companies may be unable to repay or refinance outstanding principal on their loans at or prior to maturity, and rising interests rates may make it more difficult for portfolio companies to make periodic payments on their loans. Our portfolio companies may be unable to repay or refinance outstanding principal on their loans at or prior to maturity. This risk and the risk of default is increased to the extent that the loan documents do not require the portfolio companies to pay down the outstanding principal of such debt prior to maturity. In addition, as general interest rates rise, there is a risk that our portfolio companies will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their loan documents with us. Any failure of one or more portfolio companies to repay or refinance its debt at or prior to maturity or the inability of one or more portfolio companies to make ongoing payments following an increase in contractual interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may hold the debt securities of leveraged companies. Investment in leveraged companies involves a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold. Such developments may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that it may have obtained in connection with its investment. Smaller leveraged companies also may have less predictable operating results and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance their expansion or maintain their competitive position. Leveraged companies may experience bankruptcy or similar financial distress. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding are the product of contested matters and adversary proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by a portfolio company may adversely and permanently affect the portfolio company. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the portfolio company may not equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding is also difficult to predict, and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and would be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations that we own may be lost by increases in the number and amount of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition, certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial. We typically invest in middle-market companies, which involves higher risk than investments in large companies. Investment in private and middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. Generally, limited public information exists about these companies, and we will rely on the ability of Crescent s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision and may lose money on its investments. Middle-market companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that it may have obtained in connection with its investment. In addition, such companies typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns. Additionally, middle-market companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons. Therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on one or more of the portfolio companies we invest in and, in turn, on us. Middle-market companies also may be parties to litigation and may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence. In addition, our executive officers, directors and the Adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, investment in middle-market companies involves a number of other significant risks, including: they typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

 they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; 

 changes in laws and regulations, as well as their interpretations, may adversely affect their business, financial structure or prospects; and 

 they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness upon maturity. 

 The due diligence process that the Adviser undertakes in connection with our investments may not reveal all the facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. The Adviser s due diligence may not reveal all of a company s liabilities and may not reveal other weaknesses in its business. There can be no assurance that our due diligence process will uncover all relevant facts that would be material to an investment decision. Before making an investment in, or a loan to, a company, the Adviser will assess the strength and skills of the company s management team and other factors that it believes are material to the performance of the investment. In making the assessment and otherwise conducting customary due diligence, the Adviser will rely on the resources available to it and, in some cases, an investigation by third parties. This process is particularly important and highly subjective with respect to newly organized entities because there may be little or no information publicly available about the entities. We may make investments in, or loans to, companies, including middle market companies, which are not subject to public company reporting requirements, including requirements regarding preparation of financial statements, and will, therefore, depend upon the compliance by investment companies with their contractual reporting obligations and the ability of the Adviser investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we and the Adviser are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision and may lose money on its investments. As a result, the evaluation of potential investments and the ability to perform due diligence on and effective monitoring of investments may be impeded, and we may not realize the returns that it expects on any particular investment. In the event of fraud by any company in which we invest or with respect to which we make a loan, we may suffer a partial or total loss of the amounts invested in that company. The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. All of our assets may be invested in illiquid loans and securities, and a substantial portion of our investments in leveraged companies will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than more broadly traded public securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of its portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which it has previously recorded its investments. Some of our debt investments may contain interest rate reset provisions that may make it more difficult for the borrowers to make periodic interest payments to us. In addition, some of our debt investments may not pay down principal until the end of their lifetimes, which could result in a substantial loss to us if the portfolio companies are unable to refinance or repay their debts at maturity. We may invest in high yield debt, or junk bonds, which has greater credit and liquidity risk than more highly rated debt obligations. We may also invest in debt securities which will not be rated by any rating agency and, if they were rated, would be rated as below investment grade quality. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They may also be illiquid and difficult to value. Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing NAV through increased net unrealized depreciation. As a BDC, we are required to carry its investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by the our Board, as described above in Risks Relating to our Business and Structure The majority of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by Adviser as Valuation Designee with approval from our Board and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments . When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate our valuation. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of its valuation process that its investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). As a result, volatility in the capital markets can also adversely affect our investment valuations. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our NAV by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in seeking to: increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company; 

 exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or 

 preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 

 We have discretion to make follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase its level of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements of the 1940 Act or the desire to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Additionally, certain loans that we may make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. Additionally, we invest in unitranche loans (loans that combine both senior and mezzanine debt, generally in a first lien position), which may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in the unitranche loan. In certain instances, we may find another lender to provide the first out portion of such loan and retain the last out portion of such loan, in which case the first out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to repayment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the last out portion of the loan that we would continue to hold. The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of such senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; 

 the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; 

 the approval of amendments to collateral documents; 

 releases of liens on the collateral; and 

 waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 

 We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if its rights are adversely affected. 

 Our subordinated investments may be subject to greater risk than investments that are not similarly subordinated. We may make subordinated investments that rank below other obligations of the borrower in right of payment. Subordinated investments are subject to greater risk of default than senior obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the borrower or in general economic conditions. If we make a subordinated investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged, and its relatively high debt-to-equity ratio may create increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to service all of its debt obligations. The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. We currently expect that substantially all of our investments will involve loans and private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in loans and private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations that we must satisfy through its return of distributions previously made to us. We will be subject to the risk that the debt investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. We expect that our investments will generally allow for repayment at any time subject to certain penalties. When such prepayment occurs, we intend to generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in accordance with our investment strategy. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid, and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elects to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our ability to pay, or the amount of, dividends on our common stock, which could result in a decline in the market price of our shares. We may be subject to risks under hedging transactions and may become subject to risk if it invests in non-U.S. securities . The 1940 Act generally requires that 70 of our investments be in issuers each of whom is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, any state of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands or any other possession of the United States. However, our portfolio may include debt securities of non-U.S. companies, including emerging market issuers, to the limited extent such transactions and investments would not cause us to violate the 1940 Act. We expect that these investments would focus on the same secured debt, unsecured debt and related equity security investments that we make in U.S. middle-market companies and, accordingly, would be complementary to our overall strategy and enhance the diversity of our holdings. Investing in loans and securities of emerging market issuers involves many risks including economic, social, political, financial, tax and security conditions in the emerging market, potential inflationary economic environments, regulation by foreign governments, different accounting standards and political uncertainties. Economic, social, political, financial, tax and security conditions also could negatively affect the value of emerging market companies. These factors could include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations or judgments or foreclosing on collateral, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. Engaging in either hedging transactions or investing in foreign loans and securities would entail additional risks to our stockholders. We could, for example, use instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors and, if we were to invest in foreign loans and securities, we could use instruments such as forward contracts or currency options and borrow under a credit facility in currencies selected to minimize our foreign currency exposure. In each such case, we generally would seek to hedge against fluctuations of the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in market interest rates or currency exchange rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions would not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of the positions declined. However, such hedging could establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions could also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions increased. Moreover, it might not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that was so generally anticipated that we would not be able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. While we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged could vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we might not seek to establish a perfect correlation between the hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation could prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it might not be possible for us to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those loans and securities would likely fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. We may not realize anticipated gains on the equity interests in which it invests. When we invest in loans and debt securities, it may acquire warrants or other equity securities of portfolio companies as well. We may also invest in equity securities directly. To the extent we hold equity investments, we will attempt to dispose of them and realize gains upon such disposition. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, may decline in value. As a result, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses it experiences. Our investments in OID and PIK interest income may expose us to risks associated with such income being required to be included in accounting income and taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Our investments may include OID and PIK instruments. To the extent OID and PIK interest income constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with such income being required to be included in an accounting income and taxable income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: OID instruments and PIK securities may have unreliable valuations because the accretion of OID as interest income and the continuing accruals of PIK securities require judgments about their collectability and the collectability of deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; 

 OID income may also create uncertainty about the source of our cash dividends; 

 OID instruments may create heightened credit risks because the inducement to the borrower to accept higher interest rates in exchange for the deferral of cash payments typically represents, to some extent, speculation on the part of the borrower; 

 for accounting purposes, cash distributions to stockholders that include a component of accreted OID income do not come from paid-in capital, although they may be paid from the offering proceeds. Thus, although a distribution of accreted OID income may come from the cash invested by the stockholders, the 1940 Act does not require that shareholders be given notice of this fact; 

 generally, we must recognize income for income tax purposes no later than when it recognizes such income for accounting purposes; 

 the higher interest rates on PIK securities reflects the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with such instruments and PIK securities generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; 

 the presence of accreted OID income and PIK interest income create the risk of non-refundable cash payments to the Adviser in the form of incentive fees on income based on non-cash accreted OID income and PIK interest income accruals that may never be realized; 

 even if accounting conditions are met, borrowers on such securities could still default when our actual collection is expected to occur at the maturity of the obligation; 

 OID and PIK create the risk that incentive fees will be paid to the Adviser based on 

 non-cash accruals that ultimately may not be realized, which the Adviser will be under no obligation to reimburse us or these fees; and 

 PIK interest has the effect of generating investment income and increasing the incentive fees payable at a compounding rate. In addition, the deferral of PIK interest also reduces the loan-to-value ratio at a compounding rate. 

 You may receive dividends in the form of common stock instead of cash, which could result in adverse tax consequences to you. In order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement applicable to RICs, we have the ability to declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. As long as a sufficient portion of such dividend is available to be paid in cash (generally 20 and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution would be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder would be taxed on 100 of the dividend in the same manner as a cash dividend, even though most of the dividend was paid in shares of our common stock. Changes in healthcare laws and other regulations applicable to some of our portfolio companies businesses may constrain their ability to offer their products and services. Changes in healthcare or other laws and regulations applicable to the businesses of some of our portfolio companies may occur that could increase their compliance and other costs of doing business, require significant systems enhancements, or render their products or services less profitable or obsolete, any of which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations. There has also been an increased political and regulatory focus on healthcare laws in recent years, and new legislation could have a material effect on the business and operations of some of our portfolio companies. Our investments in the consumer products and services sector are subject to various risks including cyclical risks associated with the overall economy. General risks of companies in the consumer products and services sector include cyclicality of revenues and earnings, economic recession, currency fluctuations, changing consumer tastes, extensive competition, product liability litigation and increased government regulation. Generally, spending on consumer products and services is affected by the health of consumers. Companies in the consumer products and services sectors are subject to government regulation affecting the permissibility of using various food additives and production methods, which regulations could affect company profitability. A weak economy and its effect on consumer spending would adversely affect companies in the consumer products and services sector. Our investments in the financial services sector are subject to various risks including volatility and extensive government regulation. These risks include the effects of changes in interest rates on the profitability of financial services companies, the rate of corporate and consumer debt defaults, price competition, governmental limitations on a company s loans, other financial commitments, product lines and other operations and recent ongoing changes in the financial services industry (including consolidations, development of new products and changes to the industry s regulatory framework). There is continued instability and volatility in the financial markets. Insurance companies have additional risks, such as heavy price competition, claims activity and marketing competition, and can be particularly sensitive to specific events such as man-made and natural disasters (including weather catastrophes), climate change, terrorism, mortality risks and morbidity rates. Our investments in technology companies are subject to many risks, including volatility, intense competition, shortened product life cycles, litigation risk and periodic downturn. We have invested and will continue investing in technology companies, many of which may have narrow product lines and small market shares, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as to general economic downturns. The revenues, income (or losses), and valuations of technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. In addition, technology related markets are generally characterized by abrupt business cycles and intense competition, where the leading companies in any particular category may hold a highly concentrated percentage of the overall market share. Therefore, our portfolio companies may face considerably more risk of loss than do companies in other industry sectors. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock An investment in our common stock presents an above average degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than associated with alternative investment options, and higher volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be speculative and, therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. Our shares of common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so again, which could limit our ability to raise additional equity capital. Shares of closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a market price that is less than the net asset value that is attributable to those shares. This characteristic of closed-end investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share may decline. It is not possible to accurately predict whether any shares of our common stock will trade at, above, or below net asset value. In the recent past, the stocks of BDCs as an industry, including at times shares of our common stock, have traded below net asset value. See Item 1a. Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Factors: Market disruptions and other geopolitical or macroeconomic events could create market volatility that negatively impacts our business, financial condition and earnings. When our common stock is trading below its net asset value per share, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at its market price without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. The market price and liquidity of the market for our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which may be beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of publicly traded RICs, BDCs or other companies in our sector, which are not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 

 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

 the inclusion or exclusion of our common stock from certain indices; 

 changes in law, regulatory policies or tax guidelines, or interpretations thereof, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 

 loss of RIC status; 

 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 

 changes in the value of our portfolio of investments; 

 announcements with respect to significant transactions; 

 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 

 departure of key personnel of ours or the Adviser; 

 operating performance of companies comparable to us; 

 short-selling pressure with respect to shares of our common stock or BDCs generally; 

 general economic trends and other external factors; and 

 loss of a major funding source. 

 In the past, securities class action litigation has been brought against numerous public companies resulting from volatility in the market price of their securities. Because of the potential volatility in the price of our common stock, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources from the business and adversely affect the business. Our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan. We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash distributions authorized by the Board on behalf of stockholders who do not elect to receive their distributions in cash. As a result, if the Board authorizes and we declare a cash distribution, then stockholders who have not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of Common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. See Item 1 Business Dividend Reinvestment Plan for a description of the dividend reinvestment plan. The number of shares to be issued to a plan participant will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on NASDAQ on the date of such distribution. The market price per share of our common stock on a particular date will be the closing price for such shares on NASDAQ on such date, or, if no sale is reported for such date, at the average of their reported bid and asked prices. However, if the market price per share exceeds the most recently computed net asset value per share, we will issue shares at the greater of (i) the most recently computed net asset value per share and (ii) 95 of the current market price per share (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeds the most recently computed net asset value per share). Accordingly, participants in the dividend reinvestment plan may receive a greater number shares of our common stock than the number of shares associated with the market price of our common stock, resulting in dilution for other stockholders. Stockholders that opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan will experience dilution in their ownership percentage of our common stock over time. Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of the Charter and the Bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of the Company, including (i) the Maryland Business Combination Act (the Business Combination Act ), which, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act and certain other limitations, will prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of us who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding shares of stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter will impose special appraisal rights and supermajority voting requirements on these combinations and (ii) the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act (the Control Share Acquisition Act ), which, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, will provide that our control shares (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. The Board has adopted a resolution exempting from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including a majority of the independent directors, and the Bylaws exempt from the Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. However, if the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or the Board or independent directors do not approve a business combination or we amend the Bylaws to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Acquisition Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, the Business Combination Act or Control Share Acquisition Act, as the case may be, may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and may increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. We are also subject to other measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of the Charter that (i) classify the Board into three classes serving staggered three-year terms and require that any vacancies be filled by a majority of directors remaining in office, (ii) require a two-thirds vote and cause for director removal, (iii) authorize the Board to classify any unissued shares of stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock, and to cause the issuance of additional shares of our common stock and (iv) authorize the Board to amend the Charter, without stockholder approval, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions in the Charter and the Bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our Charter designates the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in Section 1-101(p) of the MGCL, including, without limitation, (a) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders or (b) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Charter or the Bylaws; or (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our common stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented and waived any objection to this exclusive forum provision of the Charter, as the same may be amended from time to time. The Charter includes this provision so that we can respond to litigation more efficiently, reduce the costs associated with our responses to such litigation, particularly litigation that might otherwise be brought in multiple forums, and make it less likely that plaintiffs attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise unjustified settlements. However, this exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, if any, and may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers or other employees, if any. We believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this exclusive forum provision is remote, as the General Assembly of Maryland has specifically amended the MGCL to authorize the adoption of such provision. However, if a court were to find such provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings notwithstanding that the MGCL expressly provides that the charter or bylaws of a Maryland corporation may require that any Internal Corporate Claim be brought only in courts sitting in one or more specified jurisdictions, we may incur additional costs that it does not currently anticipate associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We will incur significant costs as a result of being a publicly traded company. As a publicly-traded company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including certain requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other rules implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following an IPO or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues equal or exceeds 1.07 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act which would occur if the market value of our shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months and have filed an annual report on Form 10-K, (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period or (iv) December 31 of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act. Risks Relating to the Mergers 
 
 If the Mergers are consummated, based on the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and the net asset values of each of us and FCRD on September 30, 2022, it is expected that our current stockholders will own approximately 83 of our outstanding common stock and former FCRD Stockholders will own approximately 17 of our outstanding common stock immediately following consummation of the Mergers. In addition, both prior to and after completion of the Mergers, subject to certain restrictions in the Merger Agreement, we may issue additional shares of our common stock (including, subject to certain restrictions under the 1940 Act, at prices below our common stock s then current NAV per share), all of which would further reduce the percentage ownership of the combined company held by former FCRD Stockholders and our current stockholders. In addition, the issuance or sale of shares of our common stock at a discount to our net asset value per share poses a risk of economic dilution to stockholders. 

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences, including: our businesses may have been adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the Mergers, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the Mergers; 

 the market price of our common stock might decline to the extent that the market price prior to termination reflects a market assumption that the Mergers will be completed; and 

 the payment of any termination fee, if required under the circumstances, could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. 

46 

ITEM 1B. 	 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. 	 PROPERTIES 
 We maintain our principal executive office at 11100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2000, Los Angeles, California 90025. We do not own any real estate. 
 ITEM 3. 	 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are party to certain lawsuits in the normal course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on us in connection with our activities or the activities of our portfolio companies. While the outcome of any such legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these legal proceedings will materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 ITEM 4. 	 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol CCAP. Prior to the listing of the common stock on NASDAQ on February 3, 2020, our common stock was offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D, as well as under Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 The following table sets forth, for each fiscal quarter during the last two most recently completed fiscal years, the range of high and low sales prices of the common stock as reported on NASDAQ, the premium (discount) of sales price to our net asset value, or NAV, and the distributions declared by us for each fiscal quarter. 

Net Asset 

Price Range 

High Sales Price Premium (Discount) to Net 

Low Sales Price Premium (Discount) to Net 

Cash Dividend 

Period 
 
 Value (1) 

High 

Low 

Asset Value (2) 

Asset Value (2) 

Per Share (3) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 

20.24 

18.17 

14.72 

(10.2) 

(27.3) 

0.41 

Second Quarter 

20.98 

19.95 

17.05 

(4.9) 

(18.7) 

0.41 

Third Quarter 

21.16 

19.33 

18.40 

(8.6) 

(13.0) 

0.41 

Fourth Quarter 

21.12 

20.90 

17.60 

(1.0) 

(16.7) 

0.61 
 
 (4) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

21.18 

18.47 

17.16 

(12.8) 

(19.0) 

0.41 

Second Quarter 

20.69 

18.05 

15.28 

(12.8) 

(26.1) 

0.41 

Third Quarter 

20.16 

18.10 

15.02 

(10.2) 

(25.5) 

0.41 

Fourth Quarter 

19.83 

14.92 

12.77 

(24.8) 

(35.6) 

0.41 

(1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore does not reflect the net asset value per share disclosed to the market on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. 

(2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less net asset value, divided by net asset value (in each case, as of the applicable quarter). 

(3) Represents the dividend or distribution declared in the relevant quarter. 

(4) Consists of a regular quarterly dividend of 0.41 per share and four special dividends of 0.05 per share (totaling 0.20 per share) all of which were declared on November 5, 2021. The first special dividend was paid on December 5, 2021 to stockholders of record as of December 3, 2021. The remaining special dividends are payable on March 15, 2022, June 15, 2022 and September 15, 2022 to stockholders of record as of March 4, 2022, June 3, 2022 and September 2, 2022, respectively. 

The last reported price for our common stock on February 21, 2023 was 14.49 per share, which represented a (26.9) discount to our NAV as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 48 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the stockholder return on our common stock from February 3, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on NASDAQ) to December 31, 2022 with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, Standard Poor s BDC Index and Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. This graph assumes that on February 3, 2020, 100 was invested in our common stock, Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, Standard Poor s BDC Index and Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends prior to any tax effect. 
 
 The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

Holders 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 32 holders of record of our common stock (excluding Cede Co). 
 Distribution Policy 
 To the extent that we have taxable income available, we distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. The amount of our dividends, if any, are determined by our Board of Directors. Dividends and distributions are recorded on the record date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the Board each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings estimated by management. Distributions will generally be paid from net investment income. Net realized capital gains, if any, are distributed at least annually, although we may decide to retain such capital gains for investment. If we do not generate sufficient net investment income during a year, all or part of a distribution may constitute a return of capital. The specific tax characteristics of our dividends and other distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of each calendar year. Any dividends to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. 
 We have elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We have also elected to be treated as a RIC under the Internal Revenue Code. So long as we maintain our status as a RIC, we will generally not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income or excise taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute at least annually to our stockholders as dividends. As a result, any tax liability 
 49 

related to income earned and distributed by us represents obligations of our stockholders and will not be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 In order for us not to be subject to federal excise taxes, we must distribute annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections), (ii) 98.2 of our net capital gains from the current year and (iii) any undistributed ordinary income and net capital gains from preceding years. At our discretion, we may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay a 4 excise tax on this income. If we choose to do so, this generally would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. We will accrue excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income as required. 
 We intend to make distributions in cash unless a stockholder elects to receive dividends and/or long-term capital gains distributions in additional shares of common stock. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 
 The following tables summarize our dividends declared and payable for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 in millions except per share amounts 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date (1) 
 
 Per Share Amount 

Total Amount 

November 4, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 January 17, 2023 

0.41 

12.6 

August 5, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 October 17, 2022 

0.41 

12.6 

May 3, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 July 15, 2022 

0.41 

12.6 

February 18, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 April 15, 2022 

0.41 

12.6 

November 5, 2021 
 
 September 2, 2022 
 
 September 15, 2022 

0.05 

1.5 

November 5, 2021 
 
 June 3, 2022 
 
 June 15, 2022 

0.05 

1.5 

November 5, 2021 
 
 March 4, 2022 
 
 March 15, 2022 

0.05 

1.5 

November 5, 2021 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 January 17, 2022 

0.41 

12.6 

November 5, 2021 
 
 December 3, 2022 
 
 December 15, 2021 

0.05 

1.5 

August 6, 2021 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 October 15, 2021 

0.41 

11.5 

May 10, 2021 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 July 15, 2021 

0.41 

11.5 

February 22, 2021 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 April 15, 2021 

0.41 

11.5 

November 3, 2020 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 January 15, 2021 

0.41 

11.5 

August 7, 2020 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 October 15, 2020 

0.41 

11.5 

May 11, 2020 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 July 15, 2020 

0.41 

11.5 

March 3, 2020 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 
 April 15, 2020 

0.41 

10.6 

(1) Amounts with a future payment date are based on common shares outstanding as of the reporting date. 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that will provide for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then stockholders who are participating in the dividend reinvestment plan, will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Except as previously reported by us on our Current Reports on Form 8-K, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 ITEM 6. 	 [RESERVED] 
 
 50 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion also should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements set forth on page 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In this report, we, us, our and Company refer to Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 5, 2015 and on January 30, 2020, we changed our state of incorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Maryland. We were listed and began trading on the NASDAQ stock exchange on February 3, 2020. We have elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 1940 Act ). In addition, we have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 
 We are managed by Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (the Adviser ), an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the 1940 Act. CCAP Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. Our management consists of investment and administrative professionals from the Adviser and Administrator along with our Board. The Adviser directs and executes our investment operations and capital raising activities subject to oversight from the Board, which sets our broad policies. The Board has delegated investment management of our investment assets to the Adviser. The Board consists of six directors, five of whom are independent. 
 Our investment objective is to maximize the total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments. We invest primarily in secured debt (including first lien, unitranche first lien and second-lien debt) and unsecured debt (including mezzanine and subordinated debt), as well as related equity securities of private U.S. middle-market companies. We may purchase interests in loans or make debt investments, either (i) directly from our target companies as primary market or private credit investments i.e. , private credit transactions), or (ii) primary or secondary market bank loan or high yield transactions in the broadly syndicated over-the-counter market i.e. , broadly syndicated loans and bonds). Although our focus is to invest in less liquid private credit transactions, we may from time to time invest in more liquid broadly syndicated loans to complement our private credit transactions. 
 First lien investments are senior loans on a lien basis to other liabilities in the issuer s capital structure that have the benefit of a first-priority security interest in assets of the issuer. The security interest ranks above the security interest of any second-lien lenders in those assets. 
 Unitranche first lien investments are loans that may extend deeper in a company s capital structure than traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority among different lenders in the unitranche loan. In certain instances, we may find another lender to provide the first out portion of such loan and retain the last out portion of such loan, in which case, the first out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the last out portion that we would continue to hold. In exchange for the greater risk of loss, the last out portion earns a higher interest rate. 
 Second lien investments are loans with a second priority lien on all existing and future assets of the portfolio company. The security interest ranks below the security interests of any first lien and unitranche first lien lenders in those assets. 
 Unsecured debt investments are loans that generally rank senior to a borrower s equity securities and junior in right of payment to such borrower s other senior indebtedness. 

51 

Pending FCRD Acquisition 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement (the Merger Agreement with First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act FCRD ), Echelon Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our direct wholly-owned subsidiary Acquisition Sub ), Echelon Acquisition Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our direct wholly-owned subsidiary Acquisition Sub 2 ), and the Adviser. The Merger Agreement provides that (i) Acquisition Sub will merge with and into FCRD (the First Merger ), with FCRD continuing as the surviving company and as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Surviving Company ), and (ii) immediately after the effectiveness of the First Merger, the Surviving Company will merge with and into Acquisition Sub 2 (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers ), with Acquisition Sub 2 continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The boards of directors of both companies have each unanimously approved the FCRD Acquisition. 
 
 In addition, in connection with the Merger Agreement, Sun Life, which owns a majority interest in the Adviser, has committed to provide secondary-market support and will purchase 20.0 million of the combined company s common stock via a share purchase program over time following the consummation of the Merger Agreement. 
 
 Merger Consideration 
 
 At the date and time when the First Merger becomes effective (the Effective Time ), each share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of FCRD FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of two days prior to the closing (the Determination Date (excluding shares held by subsidiaries of FCRD or held, directly or indirectly, by us or Acquisition Sub Cancelled Shares and Dissenting Shares (as defined in Exhibit 2.4)) shall be converted into the right to receive (i) a portion of the CCAP Aggregate Merger Consideration (as defined below) pursuant to the election and proration procedures described below and in Exhibit 2.4 and (ii) from our Adviser, an amount equal to (a) 35.0 million divided by (b) the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date (excluding any Cancelled Shares) (the CCAP Advisor Cash Consideration ). The CCAP Aggregate Merger Consideration means the sum of (A) a number of shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (as defined below); provided , that in no event will the aggregate number of shares of our common stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the Total CCAP Stock Consideration exceed 19.99 of the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of October 3, 2022, and (B) if the Total CCAP Stock Consideration is less than the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value (as defined below), an amount in cash, without interest, to be paid by us equal to (a) the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value (as defined below) minus the Aggregate Share Consideration Value (as defined below) (such cash amount, the CCAP Aggregate Cash Consideration ). 
 
 On the Determination Date, each of us and FCRD shall deliver to the other party a calculation of its estimated net asset value, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as of 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Determination Date, calculated in good faith (our total net asset value as of the Determination Date, the CCAP Closing Net Asset Value and the total net asset value of FCRD as of the Determination Date, the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value ); provided , that each party shall update and redeliver such calculation in certain circumstances described in the Merger Agreement. Based on such calculations, the parties will calculate the CCAP Per Share NAV , which will equal the CCAP Closing Net Asset Value divided by the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date, and the FCRD per Share NAV , which will equal the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value divided by the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date (excluding any Cancelled Shares). The Exchange Ratio will be equal to the quotient (rounded to four decimal places) of (i) the FCRD Per Share NAV divided by (ii) the CCAP Per Share NAV. The Aggregate Share Consideration Value shall refer to (a) the Total CCAP Stock Consideration multiplied by (b) the CCAP Per Share NAV. 
 
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of FCRD, us and our Adviser. Additionally, the Merger Agreement contains customary pre-closing covenants, including covenants requiring FCRD and us (i) to use reasonable best efforts to cause the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) to use reasonable best efforts conduct its business in the ordinary course and (iii) to refrain from taking certain actions prior to the consummation of the Mergers without the other party s consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains no-shop provisions that restrict FCRD s ability to solicit or initiate discussions or negotiations with third parties regarding other proposals to acquire FCRD, and FCRD is restricted in its ability to respond to such proposals. In addition, FCRD must (i) call and hold a meeting of the holders of FCRD stockholders solely for the purpose of seeking the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of FCRD Common Stock entitled to vote thereon (such approval, the FCRD Stockholder Approval and such meeting, the FCRD Stockholders Meeting ), (ii) include, in the Proxy Statement, the recommendation of the board of directors of FCRD that the stockholders of FCRD adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby (the FCRD Recommendation and (iii) not withhold or withdraw, or modify or qualify in a manner adverse to us or Acquisition Sub, the FCRD Recommendation. 
 52 

Conditions to the Mergers 
 
 The consummation of the Mergers is subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver of certain customary closing conditions, including obtaining the FCRD Stockholder Approval. The obligation of each party to consummate the Mergers is also conditioned upon the other party s representations and warranties being true and correct (subject to certain materiality exceptions) and the other party having performed in all material respects its obligations under the Merger Agreement. 
 
 Termination 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains customary termination rights. In particular, at any time prior to receipt of the FCRD Stockholder Approval, FCRD may terminate the Merger Agreement in order to substantially concurrently enter into a binding definitive agreement providing for the consummation of a superior proposal, subject to FCRD s compliance with notice and other specified conditions contained in the non-solicitation covenants, including giving us the opportunity to propose revisions to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement during a period following notice, and provided that FCRD has not otherwise materially breached any provision of the non-solicitation covenants. 
 
 If the Merger Agreement is terminated by FCRD as provided in the foregoing paragraph or is terminated under certain other circumstances, upon notice by us, FCRD must pay us a termination fee equal to 5,555,550 FCRD Termination Fee ), minus any amounts that FCRD previously paid to us in the form of expense reimbursement. Similarly, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain other circumstances by us, upon notice by FCRD, we must pay FCRD a termination fee equal to 7,142,850. 
 
 Voting Agreement 
 
 Concurrently with us entering into the Merger Agreement, we also entered into a letter agreement (the Voting Agreement with First Eagle Investment Management LLC FEIM ), with respect to 5,004,000 shares FCRD Common Stock (the Voting Agreement Shares ). Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, FEIM has agreed to (i) grant an irrevocable proxy to us and vote (or direct the Voting Agreement Shares to vote) in favor of the Mergers, and any other matter contemplated as necessary or advisable to the consummation of the Mergers at the FCRD Stockholders Meeting, (ii) not to vote in favor of any competing proposal, alternative acquisition agreements, or any proposal, transaction, agreement or action that would, or could reasonably be expected to, prevent, impede, frustrate, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect the Mergers or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, in contravention of the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement or change in any manner the voting rights of any class of shares of FCRD, and (iii) not, directly or indirectly, transfer, sell, offer, exchange, assign, pledge, convey any legal or beneficial ownership interest in or otherwise dispose of, or encumber any of the Voting Agreement Shares or enter into any contract, option, or other agreement with respect to, or consent to, a transfer of, any of the Voting Agreement Shares or their voting or economic interest therein other than pursuant to the Merger Agreement and in connection with the Merger during the period commencing on the date of the Voting Agreement and ending on the earlier of (a) the closing date, or (b) the termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 
 Acquisition Costs 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we incurred 3.8 million of costs related to the acquisition, which were recorded as Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 53 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. The critical accounting policies should be read in connection with our risk factors as disclosed herein. 
 For a description of our critical accounting policies, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. We consider the most significant accounting policies to be those related to our Valuation of Portfolio Investments, Revenue Recognition, Non-Accrual Investments, Distribution Policy, and Income Taxes. 
 COMPONENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Investments 
 We expect our investment activity to vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, the general economic environment, the amount of capital we have available to us, the level of merger and acquisition activity for middle-market companies, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to such companies and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make. In addition, as part of our risk strategy on investments, we may reduce certain levels of investments through partial sales or syndication to additional investors. 
 We may not invest in any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act, unless, at the time the investments are made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Pursuant to rules adopted by the SEC, eligible portfolio companies include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange and public companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than 250 million. 
 The Investment Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser, which is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Adviser has entered into a resource sharing agreement with Crescent Capital Group LP Crescent ), pursuant to which Crescent provides the Adviser with experienced investment professionals (including the members of the Adviser s investment committee) and access to Crescent s resources so as to enable the Adviser to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Through the resource sharing agreement, the Adviser intends to capitalize on the deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Crescent s investment professionals. On January 5, 2021, Sun Life Financial Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and joint ventures, Sun Life acquired a majority interest in Crescent (the Sun Life Transaction ). There were no changes to our investment objective, strategies and process or to the Crescent team responsible for the investment operations as a result of the Sun Life Transaction. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue primarily in the form of interest income on debt investments, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Certain investments may have contractual PIK interest or dividends. PIK represents accrued interest or accumulated dividends that are added to the loan principal of the investment on the respective interest or dividend payment dates rather than being paid in cash and generally becomes due at maturity or upon being called by the issuer. PIK is recorded as interest or dividend income, as applicable. We also generate revenue in the form of commitment or origination fees. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts into income over the life of the loan using the effective yield method. 
 Dividend income from common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly-traded portfolio companies. Dividend income from preferred equity securities is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. 
 We may receive other income, which may include income such as consent, waiver, amendment, underwriting, and arranger fees associated with our investment activities as well as any fees for managerial assistance services rendered to the portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as income when earned or the services are rendered. 
 54 

Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of management fees and incentive fees to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement, as amended, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the administration agreement with our Administrator (the Administration Agreement ), operating costs associated with our sub-administration agreement and other operating costs described below. The management and incentive fees compensate the Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including: 
 the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, rent and the allocable portion of the cost of certain professional services provided to us, including but not limited to, our accounting professionals, our legal counsel and compliance professionals); 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 

fees payable to third parties relating to making investments, including out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments; 

out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees and any stock exchange listing fees; 

brokerage commissions; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; 

debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us in connection with making investments and administering our business. 

We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 Leverage 
 Our financing facilities allow us to borrow money and lever our investment portfolio, subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, with the objective of increasing our yield. This is known as leverage and could increase or decrease returns to our stockholders. The use of leverage involves significant risks. 
 In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, effective May 5, 2020 with shareholder approval, we, as a BDC, are permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met), rather than 200 , as previously required. Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for these purposes. The amount of leverage that we employ depends on our Adviser s and our Board s assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 
 55 

PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 We seek to create a broad and diversified portfolio that generally includes senior secured first lien, unitranche, senior secured second lien, unsecured loans and minority equity securities of U.S. middle market companies. The size of our individual investments varies proportionately with the size of our capital base. We generally invest in securities that have been rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities have speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, many of our debt investments have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically do not fully pay down principal prior to maturity. 
 Our portfolio at fair value was comprised of the following: 

in millions) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Investment Type 
 
 Fair Value 

Percentage 

Fair Value 

Percentage 

Senior Secured First Lien 

301.0 

23.8 

329.9 

26.0 

Unitranche First Lien 

824.1 

65.2 

731.0 

57.5 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

13.8 

1.1 

13.7 

1.1 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

60.9 

4.8 

72.7 

5.7 

Unsecured Debt 

4.5 

0.4 

5.6 

0.4 

Equity Other 

44.9 

3.6 

59.5 

4.7 

LLC/LP Equity Interests 

13.8 

1.1 

58.0 

4.6 

Total investments 

1,263.0 

100.0 

1,270.4 

100.0 

The following table shows our investment activity by investment type: 

in millions) 
 
 For the years ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

New investments at cost: 

Senior Secured First Lien 

70.9 

179.9 

Unitranche First Lien 

220.5 

421.9 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

4.0 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

2.7 

24.0 

Unsecured Debt 

0.7 

2.3 

Equity Other 

4.5 

13.4 

LLC/LP Equity Interests 

4.7 

5.9 

Total 

308.0 

647.4 

Proceeds from investments sold or repaid: 

Senior Secured First Lien 

95.5 

229.9 

Unitranche First Lien 

102.3 

114.5 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

5.1 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

9.3 

57.8 

Unsecured Debt 

1.9 

0.3 

Equity Other 

16.7 

55.5 

LLC/LP Equity Interests 

46.8 

3.3 

Total 

277.6 

461.3 

Net increase (decrease) in portfolio 

30.4 

186.1 

The following table presents certain selected information regarding our investment portfolio: 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Weighted average yield on income producing securities (at cost) (1) 

10.8 

7.5 

Percentage of debt bearing a floating rate (at fair value) 

98.8 

98.5 

Percentage of debt bearing a fixed rate (at fair value) 

1.2 

1.5 

Number of portfolio companies 
 
 129 

134 

(1) Yield excludes investments on non-accrual status. 

56 

The following table shows the amortized cost and fair value of our performing and non-accrual debt and income producing debt securities. 

in millions) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Cost 

of Cost 

Fair Value 

of Fair Value 

Cost 

of Cost 

Fair Value 

of Fair Value 

Performing 

1,216.9 

98.0 

1,190.0 

98.8 

1,129.6 

98.4 

1,138.7 

98.8 

Non-Accrual 

25.1 

2.0 

14.3 

1.2 

18.9 

1.6 

14.1 

1.2 

Total 

1,242.0 

100.0 

1,204.3 

100.0 

1,148.5 

100.0 

1,152.8 

100.0 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid current and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may determine to not place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had six investments across four portfolio companies on non-accrual status, which represented 2.0 and 1.2 of the total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had five investments across three portfolio companies on non-accrual status, which represented 1.6 and 1.2 of the total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. The remaining debt investments were performing and current on their interest payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Adviser monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. The Adviser has a number of methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following: 
 assessment of success of the portfolio company in adhering to its business plan and compliance with covenants; 

review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies; 

contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

comparisons to other companies in the industry; and 

attendance and participation in board meetings. 

As part of the monitoring process, the Adviser regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and, on a quarterly basis, grades each investment on a risk scale of 1 to 5. Risk assessment is not standardized in our industry and our risk assessment may not be comparable to ones used by our competitors. Our assessment is based on the following categories: 
 1. Involves the least amount of risk relative to cost or amortized cost. Investment performance is above expectations since origination or acquisition. Trends and risk factors are generally favorable, which may include financial performance or a potential exit. 

2. Involves a level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination or acquisition. The investment is generally performing as expected, and the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment are neutral to favorable relative to the time of origination or acquisition. New investments are generally assigned a rating of 2 at origination or acquisition. 

3. Indicates an investment performing below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have increased since origination or acquisition. For debt investments, borrowers are more likely than not in compliance with debt covenants and loan payments are generally not past due. An investment rating of 3 requires closer monitoring. 

4. Indicates an investment performing materially below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have increased materially since origination or acquisition. For debt investments, borrowers may be out of compliance with debt covenants and loan payments may be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). Non-accrual status is strongly considered for debt investments rated 4. 

5. Indicates an investment performing substantially below expectations where the risks around our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of the investment have substantially increased since origination or acquisition. We do not expect to recover our initial cost basis from investments rated 5. Debt investments with an investment rating of 5 are generally in payment and/or covenant default and are on non-accrual status. 

57 

The following table shows the composition of our portfolio on the 1 to 5 investment performance rating scale. Investment performance ratings are accurate only as of those dates and may change due to subsequent developments relating to a portfolio company s business or financial condition, market conditions or developments, and other factors. 

in millions) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Investment Performance Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

Total Portfolio 

Fair Value 

Total Portfolio 

1 

12.4 

1.0 

2 

1,087.6 

86.1 

1,155.8 

91.0 

3 

136.7 

10.8 

100.5 

7.9 

4 

26.3 

2.1 

14.1 

1.1 

5 

0.0 

Total 

1,263.0 

100.0 

1,270.4 

100.0 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Summary Statement of Operations 

(in millions) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

Total investment income 

116.7 

94.0 

Total net expenses 

57.0 

46.4 

Net investment income 

59.7 

47.6 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments and forward contracts 

4.9 

32.6 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, forward contracts and foreign transactions 

(48.3) 

4.8 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

(43.4) 

37.4 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(0.8) 

(1.4) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

15.5 

83.6 

Investment Income 

(in millions) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

Interest from investments 

108.5 

85.7 

Dividend Income 

7.7 

7.5 

Other Income 

0.5 

0.8 

Total investment income 

116.7 

94.0 

Interest income, which includes amortization of upfront fees, increased from 85.7 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 108.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to a rise in benchmark rates. Included in interest from investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are 2.4 million and 8.0 million of accelerated accretion of OID related to paydown activity, respectively. 
 Dividend income increased from 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to higher dividend distributions from the portfolio companies. Other income which includes consent, waiver, amendment, agency, underwriting and arranger fees associated with our investment activities decreased from 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to lower amendment fees received. 
 58 

Expenses 

(in millions) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

Interest and other debt financing costs 

31.9 

19.8 

Management fees 

16.3 

14.1 

Income based incentive fees 

11.2 

9.8 

Capital gains based incentive fees 

(6.3) 

6.3 

Professional fees 

1.3 

1.8 

Directors fees 

0.5 

0.5 

Other general and administrative expenses 

2.6 

2.6 

Total expenses 

57.5 

54.9 

Management fee waiver 

(0.2) 

(3.3) 

Income based incentive fees waiver 

(0.5) 

(7.5) 

Net expenses 

56.8 

44.1 

(Benefit) provision for income and excise taxes 

0.2 

2.3 

Total 

57.0 

46.4 

Interest and other debt financing costs 
 Interest and other debt financing costs include interest, amortization of deferred financing costs including upfront commitment fees and unused fees on our credit facilities. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 interest and other debt financing costs were 31.9 million and 19.8 million, respectively. The increase was due to a higher weighted average debt outstanding and higher weighted average cost of debt related to a rise in benchmark rates. 
 Base Management Fees 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred management fees of 16.3 million and 14.1 million, respectively, of which 0.2 million and 3.3 million, respectively, were waived. The increase in net management fees was driven by growing assets under management and the expiration of the management fee waiver on July 31, 2021. 
 Incentive Fees 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred income based incentive fees of 11.2 million and 9.8 million, of which 0.5 million and 7.5 million, respectively, were waived. The increase in net incentive fees was driven by growing investment income and the expiration of the full income based incentive fee waiver on July 31, 2021. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we (reversed) accrued (6.3) million and 6.3 million, respectively, of capital gains based incentive fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 0 and 6.3 million, respectively, was accrued and unpaid. The fluctuation in accumulated incentive fees on cumulative unrealized capital appreciation was attributable to the inception to date performance of the investment portfolio. 
 
 59 

Professional Fees and Other General and Administrative Expenses 
 Professional fees generally include expenses from independent auditors, tax advisors, legal counsel and third party valuation agents. Other general and administrative expenses generally include overhead and staffing costs allocated from the Administrator, insurance premiums, sub-administration expenses and miscellaneous administrative costs associated with our operations and investment activity. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, professional fees were 1.3 million and 1.8 million, respectively. The decrease in the comparative periods' professional fees was attributable to lower legal expense during the current year. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other general and administrative expenses were 2.6 million and 2.6 million, respectively. Income and Excise Taxes 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we expensed income and excise taxes of 0.2 million and 2.3 million, respectively. The decrease in the comparative periods' income and excise tax was attributable to a true-up as a result of the filing of the 2021 tax returns and a true-up of estimated blocker level taxes made throughout the year. Net Investment Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, GAAP net investment income was 59.7 million or 1.93 per share and 47.6 million or 1.67 per share, respectively. The increase in the per share net investment income was due to a reversal of previously recorded capital gains incentive fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net investment income excluding capital gains incentive fees Adjusted Net Investment Income was 53.4 million or 1.73 per share and 53.9 million or 1.89 per share, respectively. The decrease in the per share Adjusted Net Investment Income was due to the expiration of management fee and income based incentive fee waivers on July 31, 2021. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net investment income (the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure) to Adjusted Net Investment Income for the periods presented: 

(in millions) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

GAAP net investment income 

59.7 

1.93 

47.6 

1.67 

Capital gains based incentive fee 

(6.3) 

(0.20) 

6.3 

0.22 

Adjusted Net Investment Income 

53.4 

1.73 

53.9 

1.89 

On a supplemental basis, we are disclosing Adjusted Net Investment Income and per share Adjusted Net Investment Income, each of which is a financial measure that is calculated and presented on a basis of methodology other than in accordance with U.S. GAAP non-GAAP ). Adjusted Net Investment Income represents net investment income, excluding capital gains incentive fees. We use this non-GAAP financial measure internally to analyze and evaluate financial results and performance and believe that this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing results and trends without giving effect to capital gains incentive fees. The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that a capital gains-based incentive fee is determined and paid annually with respect to realized capital gains (but not unrealized capital appreciation) to the extent such realized capital gains exceed realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis. We believe that Adjusted Net Investment Income is a useful performance measure because it reflects the net investment income produced on the Company s investments during a period without giving effect to any changes in the value of such investments and any related capital gains incentive fees between periods. The presentation of Adjusted Net Investment Income is not intended to be a substitute for financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation. 
 60 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 We value our portfolio investments quarterly and any changes in fair value are recorded as unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. Net realized gains (losses) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investment portfolio were comprised of the following: 

in millions) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Realized losses on non-controlled and non-affiliated investments 

(1.8) 

(4.4) 

Realized gains on non-controlled and non-affiliated investments 

2.9 

8.1 

Realized losses on non-controlled and affiliated investments 

Realized gains on non-controlled and affiliated investments 

7.1 

28.8 

Realized losses on controlled investments 

Realized gains on controlled investments 

(3.3) 

Realized losses on foreign currency forwards 

(0.2) 

Realized gains on foreign currency forwards 

Realized losses on foreign currency transactions 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

Realized gains on foreign currency transactions 

0.2 

0.5 

Net realized gains (losses) on investments 

4.9 

32.6 

Change in unrealized depreciation on non-controlled and non-affiliated investments 

(55.1) 

(19.8) 

Change in unrealized appreciation on non-controlled and non-affiliated investments 

12.1 

32.4 

Change in unrealized depreciation on foreign currency translation 

(0.8) 

Change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translation 

Change in unrealized depreciation on non-controlled and affiliated investments 

(10.7) 

(14.2) 

Change in unrealized appreciation on non-controlled and affiliated investments 

1.3 

3.7 

Change in unrealized depreciation on controlled and affiliated investments 

(2.3) 

Change in unrealized appreciation on controlled and affiliated investments 

0.7 

0.6 

Change in unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forwards 

Change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forwards 

6.5 

2.1 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(48.3) 

4.8 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments and asset acquisition 

(43.4) 

37.4 

Hedging 
 We may, but are not required to, enter into interest rate, foreign exchange or other derivative agreements to hedge interest rate, currency, credit or other risks. Generally, we do not intend to enter into any such derivative agreements for speculative purposes. Any derivative agreements entered into for speculative purposes are not expected to be material to our business or results of operations. These hedging activities, which are in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may include the use of various instruments, including futures, options and forward contracts. We bear the costs incurred in connection with entering into, administering and settling any such derivative contracts. There can be no assurance any hedging strategy we employ will be successful. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our average U.S. Dollar notional exposure to foreign currency forward contracts were 94.4 million and 61.5 million, respectively. 
 
 61 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The primary uses of our cash and cash equivalents are for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments; (2) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser); (3) debt service, repayment, and other financing costs; and (4) cash distributions to the holders of our common stock. We expect to generate additional liquidity from (1) future offerings of securities, (2) future borrowings and (3) cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments as well as income earned on investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 17.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents and 225.2 million of undrawn capacity on our senior revolving credit and special purpose vehicle asset facilities, subject to borrowing base and other limitations. As of December 31, 2022, the undrawn capacity under our facilities and cash and cash equivalents were in excess of our unfunded commitments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act. In addition, we were in compliance with all the financial covenant requirements of our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. However, any increase in realized losses or unrealized depreciation of our investment portfolio or significant reductions in our net asset value as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the rising rate environment and the potential for a recession increase the risk of breaching the relevant covenants requirements. Any breach of these requirements may adversely affect the access to sufficient debt and equity capital. 
 Capital Share Activity 
 There were no equity issuances of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 2,720,000 shares of our common stock for total proceeds of 58.0 million in connection with the equity offering on November 18, 2021. 

(2) 

The combined weighted average interest rate of the aggregate borrowings outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.73 and 3.72 , respectively. The combined weighted average debt of the aggregate borrowings outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 673.5 million and 530.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average cost of debt was 6.23 and 3.15 , respectively. 

62 

SPV Asset Facility 
 On March 28, 2016, Crescent Capital BDC Funding, LLC CCAP SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CCAP, entered into a loan and security agreement, as amended from time to time (the SPV Asset Facility ), with us as the collateral manager, seller and equity holder, CCAP SPV as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender. We consolidate CCAP SPV in our consolidated financial statements and no gain or loss is recognized from the transfer of assets to and from CCAP SPV. 
 The maximum commitment amount under the SPV Asset Facility is 350.0 million, and may be increased with the consent of Wells Fargo or reduced upon our request. Proceeds of the advances under the SPV Asset Facility may be used to acquire portfolio investments, to make distributions to us in accordance with the SPV Asset Facility, and to pay related expenses. The maturity date is the earlier of (a) the date the borrower voluntarily reduces the commitments to zero, (b) June 22, 2026 and (c) the date upon which Wells Fargo declares the obligations due and payable after the occurrence of an Event of Default. Borrowings under the SPV Asset Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin with no LIBOR floor. The margin is between 1.65 and 2.10 as determined by the proportion of liquid and illiquid loans pledged to the SPV Asset Facility. We pay unused facility fees of 0.50 per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the SPV Asset Facility. The unused facility fee rate may vary based on the utilization. The SPV Asset Facility includes customary covenants, including certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, as well as usual and customary events of default for revolving credit facilities of this nature. 
 The facility size is subject to availability under the borrowing base, which is based on the amount of CCAP SPV s assets from time to time, and satisfaction of certain conditions, including an asset coverage test and certain concentration limits. 
 SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility 
 On October 27, 2021, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement, as amended from time to time, with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, collateral agent and lender (the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility ). The maximum principal amount of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility is 350.0 million, subject to availability under the borrowing base. Borrowings under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility bear interest at adjusted SOFR plus 1.875 or 2.000 , subject to certain provisions in the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility agreement, with no benchmark rate floor. We pay unused facility fees of 0.375 per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility. Any amounts borrowed under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility, and all accrued and unpaid interest, will be due and payable, on October 27, 2026. Ally Corporate Revolving Facility 
 On August 20, 2019, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank, as Administrative Agent and Arranger (the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility ). The maximum principal amount of the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility was 200.0 million, subject to availability under the borrowing base. Borrowings under the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility bore interest at LIBOR plus a 2.35 margin with no LIBOR floor. 
 We terminated the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility concurrent with the closing of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility, on October 27, 2021. 
 
 On July 30, 2020, we completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of (the 2023 Unsecured Notes ). The 2023 Unsecured Notes were issued in two 25.0 million issuances on July 30, 2020 and October 28, 2020. 
 
 On February 17, 2021, we completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of (the 2026 Unsecured Notes ). The initial issuance of 50,000 of 2026 Unsecured Notes closed February 17, 2021. The issuance of the remaining 85,000 of 2026 Unsecured Notes closed on May 5, 2021. 

 63 

InterNotes 
 On January 31, 2020, in connection with the Alcentra Acquisition, we assumed direct unsecured fixed interest rate obligations or InterNotes . The InterNotes bore interest at fixed interest rates ranging between 6.25 and 6.75 and offered a variety of maturities ranging between February 15, 2021 and April 15, 2022. We redeemed or paid down the remaining 16.4 million of InterNotes during the first quarter of 2021. 
 The summary of costs incurred in connection with the SPV Asset Facility, SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility, Ally Corporate Revolving Facility, 2023 Unsecured Notes, 2026 Unsecured Notes and InterNotes is presented below: 

in millions) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Borrowing interest expense 

28.9 

16.2 

Unused facility fees 

1.2 

1.0 

Amortization of financing costs 

1.8 

2.6 

Total interest and credit facility expenses 

31.9 

19.8 

Weighted average outstanding balance 

673.5 

530.7 

To the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced opportunities, or if our Board otherwise determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interest and the best interests of our stockholders, we may enter into new debt financing opportunities in addition to our existing debt. The pricing and other terms of any such opportunities would depend upon market conditions and the performance of our business, among other factors. 
 In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, effective May 5, 2020 with shareholder approval, we, as a BDC, are permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met), rather than 200 , as previously required. Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for these purposes. The amount of leverage that we employ depends on our Adviser s and our Board s assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our asset coverage ratio was 192 and 201 , respectively. We may also refinance or repay any of our indebtedness at any time based on our financial condition and market conditions. See Note 6. Debt to our consolidated financial statements for more detail on the debt facilities. 
 OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 Our investment portfolio may contain investments that are in the form of lines of credit or unfunded commitments which require us to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. Unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. These commitments are subject to the same underwriting and ongoing portfolio maintenance as are the on-balance sheet financial instruments that we hold. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had aggregate unfunded commitments totaling 158.9 million and 195.6 million, respectively. 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 On January 13, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility. The amendment, among other things, increased the size of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility from 350.0 million to 385.0 million. 
 On February 16, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of 0.41 per share, which will be paid on April 17, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 31, 2023. 
 64 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

66 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 69 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020	 
 70 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 75 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 77 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 124 

67 

Rep ort of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, syndication agents and underlying investee companies; when replies were not received from the syndication agents and the underlying investee companies, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

February 22, 2023 
 68 

C resc ent Capi tal BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value 

Non-controlled non-affiliated (cost of and , respectively) 

Non-controlled affiliated (cost of and , respectively) 

Controlled (cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Interest and dividend receivable 

Unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 

Deferred tax assets 

Receivable for investments sold 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Debt (net of deferred financing costs of and 

Distributions payable 

Interest and other debt financing costs payable 

Management fees payable 

Incentive fees payable 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Payable for investment purchased 

- 

Directors fees payable 

Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Net assets 

Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized, outstanding, respectively) 
 
 - 

- 

Common stock, par value per share shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Paid-in capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated earnings (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

Net asset value per share 

See accompanying notes 

69 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income: 

From non-controlled non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Paid-in-kind interest 

Dividend income 

Other income 

From non-controlled affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Paid-in-kind interest 

Dividend income 

Other income 

From controlled investments: 

Interest income 

Paid-in-kind interest 

Dividend income 

Total investment income 

Expenses: 

Interest and other debt financing costs 

Management fees 

Income based incentive fees 

Capital gains based incentive fees 

() 

Professional fees 

Directors fees 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Management fees waiver 

() 

() 

() 

Income based incentive fees waiver 

() 

() 

() 

Net expenses 

Net investment income before taxes 

(Benefit) provision for income and excise taxes 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments: 

Net realized gain (loss) on: 

Non-controlled non-affiliated investments 

() 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

Controlled investments 

() 

Foreign currency transactions 

() 

() 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Non-controlled non-affiliated investments and foreign currency translation 

() 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

70 

Controlled investments 

() 

() 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

() 

Realized loss on asset acquisition 

- 

- 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments and asset acquisition 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on realized gain on investments 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Per common share data: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share (basic and diluted): 

Net investment income per share (basic and diluted): 

Weighted average shares outstanding (basic and diluted): 

See accompanying notes 
 71 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par Amount 

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par Value 

Accumulated Earnings (Loss) 

Total Net Assets 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments, foreign currency transactions and foreign currency forwards 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on realized gain on investments 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Distributions from distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2022 

() 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP (Note 11) 

() 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 
 72 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par Amount 

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par Value 

Accumulated Earnings (Loss) 

Total Net Assets 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments, foreign currency transactions and foreign currency forwards 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency translation 

Provision for taxes on realized gain on investments 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Deemed contribution from the Advisor (Note 3) 

Equity offering costs 

() 

() 

Distributions from distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP (Note 11) 

() 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

See accompanying notes 

73 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par Amount 

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par Value 

Accumulated Earnings (Loss) 

Total Net Assets 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency transactions 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency translation 

Realized loss on asset acquisition 

() 

() 

Provision for taxes on realized gain on investments 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Stockholder distributions: 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance in connection with asset acquisition (Note 14) 

Issuance of common shares pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan 

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Distributions from distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2020 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP (Note 11) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 74 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the years ended, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Paid-in-kind interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments, foreign currency transactions and foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

() 

Realized loss on asset acquisition (2) 

Acquisition of Alcentra Capital Corporation, net of cash acquired (2) 

() 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments and foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in receivable for investments sold 

() 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

() 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in deferred tax asset 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in management fees payable 

Increase (decrease) in incentive fees payable 

() 

Increase (decrease) in directors fees payable 

Increase (decrease) in interest and other debt financing costs payable 

() 

Increase (decrease) in deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for investment sold 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 

() 

() 

75 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock 

Deemed contribution from the Advisor (Note 3) 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Deferred financing and debt issuance costs paid 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid 

() 

() 

() 

Equity offering cost 

() 

Borrowings on credit facilities 

Repayments on credit facilities 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of unsecured debt 

Repayments on InterNotes 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash denominated in foreign currency 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and foreign currency 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and foreign currency, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and foreign currency, end of period (1) 

Supplemental and non-cash financing activities: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for taxes 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan 

Accrued but unpaid distributions 

Issuance of shares in connection with asset acquisition (Note 14) 

(1) (including cash denominated in foreign currency of and restricted cash and cash equivalents of . As of December 31, 2021, the balance included cash and cash equivalents of (including cash denominated in foreign currency of and restricted cash and cash equivalents of (including cash denominated in foreign currency of ). As of December 31, 2020, the balance included cash and cash equivalents of (including cash denominated in foreign currency of and restricted cash and cash equivalents of . 

(2) which included of investments, cash and cash equivalents and of other assets, net of of assumed liabilities, for the total cash and stock consideration of , inclusive of of asset acquisition costs. 

See accompanying notes 
 76 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 

United States 

Debt Investments 

Automobiles Components 

Auveco Holdings (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Auveco Holdings (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Auveco Holdings 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Continental Battery Company 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Continental Battery Company 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Capital Goods 

Envocore Holding, LLC (7)(8) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Envocore Holding, LLC (7)(8) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 PIK 

Envocore Holding, LLC (4)(5)(7)(8) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

Eshipping 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Eshipping (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

Eshipping (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

Oliver Packaging LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Oliver Packaging LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Painters Supply Equipment Company 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

77 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Commercial Professional Services 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6)(12) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Galway Borrower, LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5)(12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hepaco, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Hepaco, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Hepaco, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

78 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hercules Borrower LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Hercules Borrower LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

79 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Infobase 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Infobase (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Infobase (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (8) 
 Unsecured Debt 
 PIK 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (8) 
 Unsecured Debt 
 PIK 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Nexant Volt MergerSub, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Nexant Volt MergerSub, Inc. (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Seko Global Logistics Network, LLC (5)(11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

80 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Seko Global Logistics Network, LLC (11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

TecoStar Holdings, Inc. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Consumer Services 

Effective School Solutions LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Effective School Solutions LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Effective School Solutions LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Everlast Parent Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Everlast Parent Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Everlast Parent Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HS Spa Holdings Inc. (Hand Stone) (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

81 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

HS Spa Holdings Inc. (Hand Stone) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HS Spa Holdings Inc. (Hand Stone) (8)(10) 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 
 PIK 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Mario Purchaser, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Mario Purchaser, LLC (10) 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 
 PIK 

Mario Purchaser, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Mario Purchaser, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (8) 
 Unsecured Debt 
 PIK 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (4)(5)(8) 
 Unsecured Debt 

() 

() 

() 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

United Language Group, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

United Language Group, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Wrench Group LLC 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Diversified Financials 

Alera Group Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Alera Group Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

King Mid LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

82 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

King Mid LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

King Mid LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Energy 

BJ Services, LLC (10) 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Food Staples Retailing 

Isagenix International, LLC (9)(12) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Food, Beverage Tobacco 

JTM Foods LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

JTM Foods LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

JTM Foods LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Mann Lake Ltd. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Mann Lake Ltd. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Health Care Equipment Services 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Advanced Diabetes Supply 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Advanced Diabetes Supply 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Advanced Diabetes Supply (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

83 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Avalign Technologies, Inc. (12) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

CRA MSO, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

CRA MSO, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

EMS Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

EMS Buyer, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

EMS Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Explorer Investor, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Explorer Investor, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

FH MD Buyer, Inc 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

84 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Laserway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MWD Management LLC (United Derm) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MWD Management LLC (United Derm) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MWD Management LLC (United Derm) (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

85 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Plasma Buyer LLC (PathGroup) (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Plasma Buyer LLC (PathGroup) (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Plasma Buyer LLC (PathGroup) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Professional Physical Therapy (9) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Professional Physical Therapy (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

PromptCare Intermediate, LP (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

PromptCare Intermediate, LP 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Safco Dental Supply, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Safco Dental Supply, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Seniorlink Incorporated (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

Seniorlink Incorporated 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC (5)(12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (4)(5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (4)(5)(11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

86 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Unifeye Vision Partners 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Unifeye Vision Partners (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Unifeye Vision Partners 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Unifeye Vision Partners (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Vital Care Buyer, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Vital Care Buyer, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Insurance 

Comet Acquisition, Inc. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Integro Parent, Inc. (11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 PIK 

Integro Parent, Inc. (9)(11) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Integro Parent, Inc. (9)(11) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

87 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

BioAgilytix 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

BioAgilytix (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Retailing 

Savers (12) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(6) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (6) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

88 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Software Services 

ABACUS Holdings I LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

ABACUS Holdings I LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

ABACUS Holdings I LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Affinitiv, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Affinitiv, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (9) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (9) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Apps Associates LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Apps Associates LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Apps Associates LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Belay Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Belay Inc. (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Benesys Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Benesys Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Benesys Inc. (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

C-4 Analytics, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

C-4 Analytics, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Claritas, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

89 

Claritas, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

90 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Claritas, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Granicus, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Granicus, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Granicus, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

List Partners, Inc. (5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

List Partners, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

MRI Software LLC (4)(5)(12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

91 

Park Place Technologies, LLC (8) 
 Unsecured Debt 
 PIK 

92 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Perforce Software, Inc. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Right Networks, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

Smartronix, LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Smartronix, LLC (4)(5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

SQAD Holdco, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

SQAD Holdco, Inc. (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

SQAD Holdco, Inc. 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Summit 7 Systems, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Summit 7 Systems, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Transportation Insight, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Transportation Insight, LLC 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Transportation Insight, LLC (4)(5) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC (5) 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 Floor) 

93 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Total Debt Investments United States 

Equity Investments 

Automobiles Components 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 Common Stock 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 Common Stock 

Capital Goods 

Envocore Holding, LLC (7) 
 Common Stock 

Envocore Holding, LLC (7) 
 Preferred Stock 

Commercial Professional Services 

Allied Universal Holdings, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Allied Universal Holdings, LLC 
 Common Stock 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6) 
 Common Stock 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6) 
 Common Stock 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6) 
 Preferred Stock 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 Common Stock 

IGT Holdings LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

IGT Holdings LLC 
 Common Stock 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. 
 Preferred Stock 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

TecoStar Holdings, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

Consumer Services 

Everlast Parent Inc. 
 Common Stock 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 Common Stock 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

HS Spa Holdings Inc. (Hand Stone) 
 Common Stock 

Legalshield 
 Common Stock 

Mario Purchaser, LLC 
 Common Stock 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) 
 Common Stock 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Wrench Group LLC 
 Common Stock 

Wrench Group LLC 
 Common Stock 

94 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Diversified Financials 

GACP II LP (6)(11)(13)(14) 
 Partnership Interest 

WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund L.P. (5)(6)(11)(13)(14) 
 Partnership Interest 

Health Care Equipment Services 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 Preferred Stock 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 Common Stock 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 Common Stock 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 Common Stock 

Seniorlink Incorporated 
 Common Stock 

Smile Doctors LLC 
 Common Stock 

Insurance 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 Preferred Stock 

Integro Parent, Inc. (11) 
 Common Stock 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) 
 Common Stock 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) 
 Preferred Stock 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 Common Stock 

Retailing 

Palmetto Moon LLC 
 Common Stock 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (6) 
 Common Stock 

Vivid Seats Ltd. (6)(11)(12) 
 Common Stock 

Software Services 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) 
 Common Stock 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) 
 Common Stock 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. 
 Common Stock 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 Common Stock 

Transportation 

Xpress Global Systems, LLC 
 Common Stock 

Total Equity Investments United States 

Total United States 

95 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Canada 

Debt Investments 

Health Care Equipment Services 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unsecured Debt 
 PIK 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 Floor) 

C 

Telecommunication Services 

Sandvine Corporation (11)(12) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments Canada 

Total Canada 

United Kingdom 

Debt Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Crusoe Bidco Limited (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Crusoe Bidco Limited (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

96 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Consumer Durables Apparel 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (4)(5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

Software Services 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments United Kingdom 

Equity Investments 

Health Care Equipment Services 

IVC Evidensia (f/k/a VetStrategy) (11) 
 Preferred Stock 

Total Equity Investments United Kingdom 

Total United Kingdom 

Netherlands 

Debt Investments 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

PharComp Parent B.V. (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (10)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (5)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (4)(5)(11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 + 

Total Debt Investments Netherlands 

Total Netherlands 

97 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 Investment Type 
 Interest Term 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Belgium 

Debt Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments Belgium 

Equity Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 Common Stock 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 Preferred Stock 

Total Equity Investments Belgium 

Total Belgium 

Australia 

Debt Investments 

Retailing 

Greencross (Vermont Aus Pty Ltd) (11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

A 

Total Debt Investments Australia 

Total Australia 

Sweden 

Debt Investments 

Retailing 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (6)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (4)(5)(6)(11) 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

() 

() 

() 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (6)(11) 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (4)(5)(6)(11) 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Total Debt Investments Sweden 

Equity Investments 

Retailing 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (6)(11) 
 Common Stock 

Total Equity Investments Sweden 

Total Sweden 

Total Investments 

98 

Prime P 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

SOFR S 
 
 - 

CDOR C 
 
 - 

- 

EURIBOR E 
 
 - 

SONIA SN 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

BBSY B 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

as of December 31, 2022 		 		 
 (1) 

(2) 

(3) . 

(4) 

(5) . 

(6) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. See Note 3 Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(7) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. See Note 3 Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) of total assets at the time of acquisition. The Company s percentage of non-qualifying assets based on fair value was as of December 31, 2022. 	 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) Investment is not redeemable. 

99 

Foreign Currency Exchange 
 Contracts 

Counterparty 
 Currency Purchased 
 Currency Sold 
 Settlement 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 

AUD Australian Dollar A CAD Canadian Dollar C EUR Euro GBP Great British Pound PIK Payment In-Kind SEK Swedish Krona USD United States Dollar 

100 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 

United States 

Debt Investments 

Automobiles Components 

Auto-Vehicle Parts, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Auto-Vehicle Parts, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Auto-Vehicle Parts, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Continental Battery Company 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Continental Battery Company 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Capital Goods 

Envocore , LLC (7)(8) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Envocore , LLC (7)(8) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Envocore , LLC (5)(7)(8) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

Eshipping 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Eshipping (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Eshipping (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Painters Supply Equipment Company 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Potter Electric Signal Company 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

101 

102 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

United Flow Technologies 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

United Flow Technologies (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

United Flow Technologies (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Commercial Professional Services 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Battery Solutions, Inc. (6)(8) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 

Battery Solutions, Inc. (6)(8) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Galway Borrower, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Galway Borrower, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Hepaco, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including 50 PIK) 

Hepaco, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including 50 PIK) 

Hepaco, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) (including 50 PIK) 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

103 

Hercules Borrower LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

Hercules Borrower LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

104 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

ISS Compressors Industries, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

ISS Compressors Industries, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (8) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 PIK 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (8) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 PIK 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Nexant Volt MergerSub, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Nexant Volt MergerSub, Inc. (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Seko Global Logistics Network, LLC (4)(5)(11) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Seko Global Logistics Network, LLC (11) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. (5) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Spear Education (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

105 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Spear Education 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

TecoStar Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

UP Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Xcentric Mold and Engineering Acquisition Company, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Xcentric Mold and Engineering Acquisition Company, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Consumer Services 

Effective School Solutions LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Effective School Solutions LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Effective School Solutions LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Everlast Parent Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Everlast Parent Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Everlast Parent Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Learn-It Systems, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

106 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

() 

United Language Group, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

United Language Group, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

WeddingWire, Inc. (12) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Wrench Group LLC 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Energy 

BJ Services, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

- 

BJ Services, LLC (9)(10) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 

Black Diamond Oilfiefld Rentals, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Food Staples Retailing 

Isagenix International, LLC (12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Food, Beverage Tobacco 

JTM Foods LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

JTM Foods LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

JTM Foods LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Mann Lake Ltd. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Mann Lake Ltd. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Health Care Equipment Services 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

() 

- 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Advanced Diabetes Supply 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

107 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Aegis Sciences Corporation (12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ameda, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ameda, Inc. (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Avalign Technologies, Inc. (12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

CRA MSO, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

CRA MSO, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

EMS Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

EMS Buyer, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

FH MD Buyer, Inc (12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

HCAT Acquisition, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

HCAT Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

HCAT Acquisition, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

108 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Laserway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

NMSC Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (4)(5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

109 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pharmalogics Recruiting, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pharmalogics Recruiting, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Pharmalogics Recruiting, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Professional Physical Therapy 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

PromptCare Intermediate, LP (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

PromptCare Intermediate, LP 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

PT Network, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

- 

PT Network, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

Safco Dental Supply, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Safco Dental Supply, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Seniorlink Incorporated (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

Seniorlink Incorporated 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Smile Doctors LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Smile Doctors LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

110 

Unifeye Vision Partners 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Unifeye Vision Partners (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Unifeye Vision Partners 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

111 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Unifeye Vision Partners (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Vital Care Buyer, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Vital Care Buyer, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Household Personal Products 

Tranzonic (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Tranzonic 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Insurance 

Comet Acquisition, Inc. (12) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Integro Parent, Inc. (11)(12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Integro Parent, Inc. (9)(11) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Integro Parent, Inc. (9)(11) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

112 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

The Hilb Group, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

- 

The Hilb Group, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Materials 

Kestrel Parent, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Kestrel Parent, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

BioAgilytix 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) (including PIK) 

BioAgilytix (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) (12) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Retailing 

Savers (12) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (4)(5)(6) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (6) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Software Services 

Affinitiv, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Affinitiv, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (9) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (9) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

113 

Apps Associates LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Apps Associates LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

114 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Apps Associates LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Belay Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Belay Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Benesys Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Benesys Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Benesys Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

C-4 Analytics, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

C-4 Analytics, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

CAT Buyer, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

CAT Buyer, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Claritas, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

Claritas, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Granicus, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Granicus, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Granicus, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

List Partners, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

List Partners, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

MRI Software LLC (4)(5)(12) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

115 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

MRI Software LLC (12) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

New Era Technology, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

New Era Technology, Inc. (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 0 Floor) 

Park Place Technologies, LLC (8) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 PIK 

Perforce Software, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Prism Bidco, Inc. (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

Prism Bidco, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Prism Bidco, Inc. 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

- 

Right Networks, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Right Networks, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Saturn Borrower Inc (5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 
 
 Floor) 

116 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Smartronix, LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Smartronix, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Transportation Insight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 

Transportation Insight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Transportation Insight, LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

() 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Winxnet Holdings LLC (4)(5) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Transportation 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC (5) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Total Debt Investments United States 

Equity Investments 

Automobiles Components 

Sun Acquirer Corp. 
 
 Common Stock 

Capital Goods 

Envocore, LLC (7) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

Envocore, LLC (7) 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial Professional Services 

Allied Universal Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

117 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Allied Universal Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

ASP MCS Acquisition Corp. (6) 
 
 Common Stock 

Battery Solutions, Inc. (6) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Battery Solutions, Inc. (6) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

Battery Solutions, Inc. (6) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

Hercules Borrower LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

IGT Holdings LLC 
 
 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

IGT Holdings LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 
 Preferred Stock 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

TecoStar Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Consumer Services 

Everlast Parent Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

Legalshield 
 
 Common Stock 

Southern Technical Institute, Inc. (6) 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

Southern Technical Institute, Inc. (6) 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Wrench Group LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Wrench Group LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Diversified Financials 

CBDC Senior Loan Fund LLC (7)(11)(13) 
 
 Partnership Interest 

GACP II LP (6)(11)(13)(14) 
 
 Partnership Interest 

WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund L.P. (5)(6)(11)(13)(14) 
 
 Partnership Interest 

Health Care Equipment Services 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

NMN Holdings III Corp. 
 
 Common Stock 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

PT Network, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Seniorlink Incorporated 
 
 Common Stock 

Smile Doctors LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

118 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Insurance 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Integro Parent, Inc. (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

Materials 

Kestrel Parent, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) 
 
 Common Stock 

LSCS Holdings, Inc. (Eversana) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 
 Common Stock 

Retailing 

Palmetto Moon LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (6) 
 
 Common Stock 

Vivid Seats Ltd. (6)(11)(12) 
 
 Common Stock 

Software Services 

Curvature (15) 
 
 Common Stock 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) 
 
 Common Stock 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 

Park Place Technologies, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 
 Common Stock 

Transportation 

Xpress Global Systems, LLC 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Total Equity Investments United States 

Total United States 

Canada 

Debt Investments 

Health Care Equipment Services 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 PIK 

C 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

VetStrategy (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

119 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Telecommunication Services 

Sandvine Corporation (11)(12) 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments Canada 

Equity Investments 

Health Care Equipment Services 

VetStrategy (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

Total Equity Investments Canada 

Total Canada 

United Kingdom 

Debt Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Crusoe Bidco Limited (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Crusoe Bidco Limited (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Crusoe Bidco Limited (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Nurture Landscapes (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Consumer Durables Apparel 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 
 
 Floor) 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Revolver 

- 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (4)(5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

() 

- 

() 

120 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. Consolidated Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Company/Security/Country 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Interest Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity/ Dissolution Date 
 
 Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares 

Cost 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Software Services 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (5)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (5)(11) 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Revolver 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments United Kingdom 

Total United Kingdom 

Netherlands 

Debt Investments 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

PharComp Parent B.V. (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (10)(11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien - Last Out Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments Netherlands 

Total Netherlands 

Belgium 

Debt Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 
 Unitranche First Lien Term Loan 

Total Debt Investments Belgium 

Equity Investments 

Commercial Professional Services 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

- 

Miraclon Corporation (11) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Total Equity Investments Belgium 

Total Belgium 

Total Investments 

121 

Prime P 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

CDOR C 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

EURIBOR E 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

SONIA SN 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

as of December 31, 2021 		 
 (1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. See Note 3 Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(7) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. See Note 3 Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) of total assets at the time of acquisition. The Company s percentage of non-qualifying assets based on fair value was as of December 31, 2021. 	 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) 

122 

Foreign Currency Exchange 
 Contracts 

Counterparty 
 
 Currency Purchased 
 
 Currency Sold 
 
 Settlement 
 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Total Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 

CAD Canadian Dollar C EUR Euro GBP Great British Pound PIK Payment In-Kind USD United States Dollar 

123 

CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

124 

duties. The Adviser, as the valuation designee, undertakes a multi-step valuation process under the supervision of the Board, which includes, among other procedures, the following: Each investment is initially valued by the investment professionals responsible for monitoring that investment. 

 The Adviser has established pricing and valuation committees, which are responsible for reviewing and approving the fair valuation recommendations from the investment professionals. 

 The valuations of certain portfolio investments are independently corroborated by third-party valuation firms based on certain criteria including investment size and risk profile. 

 Final valuation determinations and supporting materials are provided to the Board quarterly as part of the Board's oversight of the Adviser as the valuation designee. 

 Investments in investment companies are valued at fair value. Fair values are generally determined utilizing the net asset value NAV supplied by, or on behalf of, management of each investment company, which is net of management and incentive fees or allocations charged by the investment company and is in accordance with the practical expedient , as defined by ASC 820 . NAVs received by, or on behalf of, management of each investment company are based on the fair value of the investment company s underlying investments in accordance with policies established by management of each investment company, as described in each of their financial statements and offering memorandum. Investments which are valued using NAV as a practical expedient are excluded from the above hierarchy. The Company applies the valuation policy approved by the Board that is consistent with ASC 820. Consistent with the valuation policy, the Adviser, in its capacity as the Board s valuation designee, evaluates the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading (or any markets in which securities with similar attributes are trading), in determining fair value. When a security is valued based on prices provided by reputable dealers or pricing services (that is, broker quotes), the Company subjects those prices to various criteria in making the determination as to whether a particular investment would qualify for classification as a Level 2 or Level 3 investment. For example, the Company reviews pricing methodologies provided by dealers or pricing services in order to determine if observable market information is being used, versus unobservable inputs. Some additional factors considered include the number of prices obtained as well as an assessment as to their quality. Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the beginning of the period in which the transfers occur. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of such investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be realized. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities and may be subject to contractual and other restrictions on resale. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, it could realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different from the unrealized gains or losses reflected herein. 
 The Company s approach to hedging the foreign currency exposure in its non-U.S. dollar denominated investments is to borrow local currency under the Company s credit facilities or to enter into foreign currency forward contracts. Foreign currency forward contracts The Company may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the Company s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies. In a foreign currency forward contract, the Company agrees to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of one currency for another, at a pre-determined price at a future date. Forward foreign currency contracts are marked-to-market at the applicable forward rate. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities on a gross basis, not taking into account collateral posted which is recorded separately, if applicable. All foreign currency forward contracts are currently held with a single counterparty. Notional amounts and the gross fair value of foreign currency forward contract assets and liabilities are presented separately on the Consolidated Schedules of Investments. Purchases and sales of foreign currency forward contracts having the same notional value, settlement date and counterparty are generally settled net (which results in a net foreign currency position of zero with the counterparty) and any realized gains or losses are recognized on the settlement date. The Company does not utilize hedge accounting and as such, the Company recognizes its derivatives at fair value with changes in the net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid current and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may determine to not place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments across portfolio companies on non-accrual status, which represented and of the total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had investments across portfolio companies on non-accrual status, which represented and of the total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. The remaining debt investments were performing and current on their interest payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 If the Company chooses to do so, this generally would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. The Company accrues excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income as required on a quarterly basis. CBDC Universal Equity, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a taxable entity Taxable Subsidiary ). The Taxable Subsidiary permits the Company to hold equity investments in portfolio companies which are pass through entities for tax purposes and continues to comply with the source income requirements contained in RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated with the Company for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of its ownership of certain portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if any, and related tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of the Company s dividends and other distributions on behalf of the stockholders unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if the Company s Board authorizes, and the Company declares, a cash dividend, or other distribution then stockholders who are participating in the dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. 

, and , respectively, which are included in other general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, was payable to the Administrator. In addition to administrative services expenses, the payable balances may include other operating expenses paid by the Administrator on behalf of the Company. No person who is an officer, director or employee of the Administrator or its affiliates and who serves as a director of the Company receives any compensation from the Company for his or her services as a director. However, the Company reimburses the Administrator (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator or its affiliates to the Company s accounting professionals, legal counsel, and compliance professionals who spend time on such related activities (based on the percentage of time those individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Company). The allocable portion of the compensation for these officers and other professionals are included in the administration expenses paid to the Administrator. Directors who are not affiliated with the Administrator or its affiliates receive compensation for their services and reimbursement of expenses incurred to attend meetings, which are included as directors fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Investment Advisory Agreement On June 2, 2015, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement with the Adviser which was most recently amended and restated on January 5, 2021 (the Investment Advisory Agreement ). Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser provides investment advisory services to the Company and its portfolio investments. The Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is free to furnish similar or other services to others so long as its services to the Company are not impaired. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is entitled to receive a base management fee and may also receive incentive fees, as discussed below. Base Management Fee The base management fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of of the Company s gross assets, including assets acquired through the incurrence of debt but excluding any cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities and commercial paper maturing within one year of purchase. was charged for such time period. The Adviser has also voluntarily waived its right to receive management fees on the Company s investments in GACP II LP and WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund LP for any period in which these investments remain in the investment portfolio. Prior to February 1, 2020, the base management fee was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of of the Company s gross assets, including assets acquired through the incurrence of debt but excluding any cash and cash equivalents. The Adviser agreed to waive its right to receive management fees in excess of the sum of (i) of the aggregate committed but undrawn capital and (ii) of the aggregate gross assets excluding cash and cash equivalents during the period prior to February 3, 2020, the date of the Company s qualified initial public offering. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred management fees of , and , of which , and , respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management fees of and , respectively, were unpaid. Incentive Fee per Investment Advisory Agreement Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee consists of two parts: The first part, the income incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and (a) equals of the excess of the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, over a preferred return of prior to February 1, 2020) per quarter annualized or annualized prior to February 1, 2020) (the Hurdle ), and a catch-up feature until the Adviser has received prior to February 1, 2020) of the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the current quarter up to prior to February 1, 2020) (the Catch-up ), and (b) prior to February 1, 2020) of all remaining pre-incentive fee net investment income above the Catch-up. The second part, the capital gains incentive fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year at a rate of of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the Company s inception through the end of the fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement shall terminate as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying a capital gains incentive fee. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser agreed to waive the income based portion of the incentive fee from February 1, 2020 through July 31, 2021. The income and capital gains incentive fees were previously waived from April 1, 2018 through February 1, 2020. Additionally, on February 22, 2021, the Adviser notified the Board of Directors of its intent to voluntarily waive income incentive fees to the extent net investment income, excluding the effect of the GAAP incentive fee, falls short of the regular declared dividend on a full dollar basis. The waiver became effective on July 31, 2021 and, pursuant to an extension of the waiver announced on October 4, 2022, will continue through December 31, 2023. The Adviser has also voluntarily waived its right to receive the income incentive fees attributable to the investment income accrued by the Company as a result of its investments in GACP II LP and WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund LP. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during each calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for such quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding debt or preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as market discount, original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income will be compared to a Hurdle Amount equal to the product of (i) the Hurdle rate of per quarter, or annualized per quarter and annualized prior to February 1, 2020), and (ii) our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness, before taking into account any incentive fees payable during the period), at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a catch-up provision incurred at the end of each calendar quarter. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred income incentive fees of , and , of which , and , respectively, were waived. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, income incentive fees of and , respectively, were unpaid. GAAP Incentive Fee on Cumulative Unrealized Capital Appreciation The Company accrues, but does not pay, a portion of the incentive fee based on capital gains with respect to net unrealized appreciation. Under GAAP, the Company is required to accrue an incentive fee based on capital gains that includes net realized capital gains and losses and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the accrual for the incentive fee based on capital gains, the Company considers the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, since an incentive fee based on capital gains would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. prior to February 1, 2020) of such amount, minus the aggregate amount of actual incentive fees based on capital gains paid in all prior periods. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a (reversal) accrual of capital gains incentive fees on unrealized capital appreciation of , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, capital gains incentive fees of and , respectively, were accrued and unpaid. 	 Other Related Party Transactions From time to time, the Administrator may pay amounts owed by the Company to third-party providers of goods or services, including the Board, and the Company will subsequently reimburse the Administrator for such amounts paid on its behalf. Amounts payable to the Administrator are settled in the normal course of business without formal payment terms. A portion of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock is owned by Crescent, its employees and certain officers and directors of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Crescent, its employees and certain officers and directors of the Company owned and , respectively, of the Company s outstanding common stock. Crescent is also the majority member of the Adviser and sole member of the Administrator. The Company has entered into a license agreement with Crescent under which Crescent granted the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Crescent Capital . The Adviser has entered into a resource sharing agreement with Crescent. Crescent will provide the Adviser with the resources necessary for the Adviser to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. On January 5, 2021, Sun Life acquired a majority interest in Crescent. Consummation of the Sun Life Transaction resulted in a change of control of Crescent. There were no changes to the Company s investment objective, strategies and process or to the Crescent team responsible for the investment operations of the Company as a result of the Sun Life Transaction. As of December 31 2022 and 2021, Sun Life owned and , respectively, of the Company s outstanding common stock. Sun Life is the sole lender of the Company s 2023 Unsecured Notes and a participating lender in the Company s 2026 Unsecured Notes, both described further in Note 6. In connection with the November 18, 2021 common equity offering totaling , the Adviser provided transaction support of , which is reflective of the difference between the actual public offering price and the net proceeds per share received by the Company in this offering and represents payments to the underwriters. In addition, the Adviser paid the sales load payable to the underwriters totaling . The Company is not obligated to repay the transaction support and sales load paid by the Adviser. Investments in and affiliated and controlled companies Under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify non-controlled investments where it owns or more of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and/or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in affiliated companies. In addition, under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify investments where it owns more than of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and/or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in controlled companies. Detailed information with respect to the Company s non-controlled, non-affiliated; non-controlled, affiliated; and controlled affiliated investments is contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, including the Consolidated Schedule of Investments and the summary tables below. 

ASP MCS Acquisition 

() 

() 

Battery Solutions, Inc. 

() 

() 

GACP II, LP 

() 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC 

() 

() 

Southern Technical Institute, Inc. 

() 

Vivid Seats Ltd. 

WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund L.P. 

() 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 

() 

() 

The Company s investments in non-controlled affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 
 
 Gross Additions (2) 
 
 Gross Reductions (3) 
 
 Net Realized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Change in Unrealized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Dividend, Interest, PIK and Other Income 

Non-Controlled Affiliates 

ASP MCS Acquisition 

() 

() 

Battery Solutions, Inc. 

Conisus, LLC 

() 

() 

GACP II, LP (1) 

() 

() 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC 

() 

Southern Technical Institute, Inc. 

Vivid Seats Ltd. 

() 

() 

WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund L.P. 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 

() 

() 

(1) Certain amounts in the prior period consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the current period financial statements. The Company s investment in GACP II, LP and the related income generated by it were reclassified from non-controlled non-affiliated to non-controlled affiliated investment for the prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. 

 (2) Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest or dividends, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 

 (3) Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 

 The Company s investments in controlled affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Gross Additions (2) 
 
 Gross Reductions (3) 
 
 Net Realized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Change in Unrealized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Dividend, Interest, PIK and Other Income 

Controlled Affiliates 

CBDC Senior Loan Fund LLC (1) 

() 
 
 () 

Envocore LLC 

() 

() 

Total Controlled Affiliates 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

The Company s investments in controlled affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 
 
 Gross Additions (2) 
 
 Gross Reductions (3) 
 
 Net Realized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Change in Unrealized Gains/ (Losses) 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Dividend, Interest, PIK and Other Income 

Controlled Affiliates 

CBDC Senior Loan Fund LLC (1) 

Envocore LLC 
 
 - 

() 

Total Controlled Affiliates 

(1) Prior to the Senior Loan Fund's dissolution during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company owned more than of the voting securities of the Senior Loan Fund, but the Company did not have control over the Senior Loan Fund (other than for purposes of the 1940 Act) given the shared power/voting rights with its investing partner. Additionally, the Company s investment strategy focuses on middle market lending in senior secured first lien, second lien and equity investments, while the Senior Loan Fund focused on senior secured broadly syndicated loans. 

 (2) Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest or dividends, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 

 (3) Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 

() 

() 

Unitranche First Lien 

() 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

() 

() 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

() 

Unsecured Debt 

() 

Equity Other 

LLC/LP Equity Interests 

() 

Total investments 

() 

The industry composition of investments at fair value is as follows (in thousands): 

Industry 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

Percentage of Fair Value 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Percentage of Fair Value 

Health Care Equipment Services 

Software Services 

Commercial Professional Services 

Consumer Services 

Insurance 

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences 

Retailing 

Capital Goods 

Automobiles Components 

Diversified Financials 

Consumer Durables Apparel 

Food, Beverage Tobacco 

Telecommunication Services 

Energy 

Food Staples Retailing 

Transportation 

Materials 

- 

- 

Household Personal Products 

- 

- 

Total investments 

The geographic composition of investments at fair value is as follows (in thousands): 

Geographic Region 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

Percentage of Fair Value 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Percentage of Fair Value 

United States 

United Kingdom 

Canada 

Australia 

- 

- 

Netherlands 

Belgium 

Sweden 

- 

- 

Total investments 

134 

Unitranche First Lien 

Unitranche First Lien Last Out 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

Unsecured Debt 

Equity Other 

Subtotal 

Investments Measured at NAV (1) 

Total Investments 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts - Assets 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts - Liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 The following table presents fair value measurements of investments as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Fair Value Hierarchy 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Senior Secured First Lien 

Unitranche First Lien 

Unitranche First Lien Last Out 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

Unsecured Debt 

Equity Other 

Subtotal 

Investments Measured at NAV (1) 

Total Investments 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts - Assets 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts - Liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 (1) In accordance with ASC 820-10, certain investments that are measured using the net asset value per shares (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient for fair value have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These investments are generally not redeemable. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

Amortized discounts/premiums 

Paid in-kind interest 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases 

Sales/return of capital/principal repayments/paydowns 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers in 

Transfers out 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investments still held as of December 31, 2022 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded in transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 due to an increase in observable inputs in market data and in transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 due to a decrease in observable inputs in market data. 

Amortized discounts/premiums 

Paid in-kind interest 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases 

Sales/return of capital/principal repayments/paydowns 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers in 

Transfers out 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded in transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 due to an increase in observable inputs in market data and in transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 due to a decrease in observable inputs in market data. the ranges of inputs presented below do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the Company s Level 3 investments. 

Security Type 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range (Weighted Avg) 

Senior Secured First Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unitranche First Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Collateral Analysis 
 
 Recovery Rate 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unsecured Debt 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Equity Other 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Total 

Security Type 
 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range (Weighted Avg) 

Senior Secured First Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unitranche First Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Collateral Analysis 
 
 Recovery Rate 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unitranche First Lien - Last Out 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Collateral Analysis 
 
 Recovery Rate 

Senior Secured Second Lien 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Unsecured Debt 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Discount Rate 

- 

Equity Other 

Enterprise Value 
 
 Comparable EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 
 - 
 x 
 x) 

Broker Quoted 
 
 Broker Quote 

N/A 

Total 

As noted above, the discounted cash flows and market multiple approaches were used in the determination of fair value of certain Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The significant unobservable inputs used in the discounted cash flow approach is the discount rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows expected to be received from the underlying investment, which include both future principal and interest payments. Increases and decreases in the discount rate would result in a decrease and increase in the fair value, respectively. Included in the consideration and selection of discount rates is risk of default, rating of the investment, call provisions and comparable company investments. The significant unobservable inputs used in the market multiple approach are the multiples of similar companies earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and comparable market transactions. Increases and decreases in market EBITDA multiples would result in an increase or decrease in the fair value, respectively. The recovery rate represents the extent to which proceeds can be recovered. An increase/decrease in the recovery rate would result in an increase/decrease, respectively, in the fair value. The transaction precedent represents an observable transaction or a pending event for the investment. 

SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility 

2023 Unsecured Notes 

2026 Unsecured Notes (4) 

Total Debt 

(2) 

 (3) 

 (4) . 

The combined weighted average interest rate of the aggregate borrowings outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The combined weighted average debt of the aggregate borrowings outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The fair values of the Company s debt are determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Company's debt is calculated by discounting remaining payments using comparable market rates or market quotes for similar instruments at the measurement date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the debt would be deemed to be Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with the terms and covenants of its debt arrangements. SPV Asset Facility On March 28, 2016, Crescent Capital BDC Funding, LLC CCAP SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CCAP, entered into a loan and security agreement, as amended from time to time (the SPV Asset Facility ), with the Company as the collateral manager, seller and equityholder, CCAP SPV as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender. CCAP SPV is consolidated into the Company s financial statements and no gain or loss is recognized from transfer of assets to and from CCAP SPV. The maximum commitment amount under the SPV Asset Facility is and may be increased with the consent of Wells Fargo or reduced upon request of the Company. Proceeds of the advances under the SPV Asset Facility may be used to acquire portfolio investments, to make distributions to the Company in accordance with the SPV Asset Facility, and to pay related expenses. . Borrowings under the SPV Asset Facility bear interest at . The margin is between and as determined by the proportion of liquid and illiquid loans pledged to the SPV Asset Facility. The Company pays unused facility fees of per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the SPV Asset Facility. The unused facility fee rate may vary based on the utilization. . Costs incurred in connection with obtaining the SPV Asset Facility were recorded as deferred financing costs and are being amortized over the life of the SPV Asset Facility on an effective yield basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred financing costs related to the SPV Asset Facility were and , respectively, and were netted against debt outstanding on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility On October 27, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement, as amended from time to time, with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, collateral agent and lender (the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility ). The maximum principal amount of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility is , subject to availability under the borrowing base. Borrowings under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility bear interest at or , subject to certain provisions in the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility agreement, with no benchmark rate floor. The Company pays unused facility fees of per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility. Any amounts borrowed under the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility, and all accrued and unpaid interest, will be due and payable, on . Costs incurred in connection with obtaining the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility were recorded as deferred financing costs and are being amortized over the life of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility on an effective yield basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred financing costs related to the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility were and , respectively, and were netted against debt outstanding on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Ally Corporate Revolving Facility On August 20, 2019, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank, as administrative agent and arranger (the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility ). The maximum principal amount of the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility was , subject to availability under the borrowing base. Borrowings under the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility bore interest at margin with LIBOR floor . The Company terminated the Ally Corporate Revolving Facility concurrent with the closing of the SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility on . 2023 Unsecured Notes On , the Company completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due (the 2023 Unsecured Notes ). The 2023 Unsecured Notes were issued in two issuances on July 30, 2020 and October 28, 2020. . Interest on the 2023 Unsecured Notes is due and payable semiannually in arrears on January 30 and July 30 of each year. Costs incurred in connection with issuing the 2023 Unsecured Notes were recorded as deferred financing costs and are being amortized over the life of the 2023 Unsecured Notes on an effective yield basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred financing costs related to the 2023 Unsecured Notes were and , respectively, and were netted against debt outstanding on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 2026 Unsecured Notes On , the Company completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due (the 2026 Unsecured Notes ). The initial issuance of of 2026 Unsecured Notes closed February 17, 2021. The issuance of the remaining of 2026 Unsecured Notes closed on May 5, 2021. . Interest on the 2026 Unsecured Notes is due and payable semiannually in arrears on February 17 and August 17 of each year. Costs incurred in connection with issuing the 2026 Unsecured Notes were recorded as deferred financing costs and are being amortized over the life of the 2026 Unsecured Notes on an effective yield basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred financing costs related to the 2026 Unsecured Notes were and , respectively, and were netted against debt outstanding on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. InterNotes On January 31, 2020, in connection with the Alcentra Acquisition, the Company assumed direct unsecured fixed interest rate obligations or InterNotes . The InterNotes bore interest at fixed interest rates ranging between and and offered a variety of maturities ranging between and . The Company redeemed or paid down the remaining of InterNotes during the first quarter of 2021. Summary of Interest and Credit Facility Expenses 

Unused facility fees 

Amortization of financing costs 

Total interest and credit facility expenses 

Weighted average outstanding balance 

and , respectively, has been pledged to cover obligations of the Company. The Company minimizes counterparty credit risk by only entering into agreements with counterparties that they believe to be of good standing and by monitoring the financial stability of those counterparties. All of the forward contracts qualify as Level 2 financial instruments. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company s average USD notional exposure to foreign currency forward contracts was and , respectively. 

() 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

() 

(1) Amount excludes excess cash collateral paid. 

 (2) Net amount represents the net amount due (to) from counterparty in the event of a default based on the contractual setoff rights under the agreement. Net amount excludes any over-collateralized amounts. 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

Total net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 

() 

and including foreign denominated commitments converted to USD at the balance sheet date, respectively, under loan and financing agreements. 

ABACUS Holdings I LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

ACI Group Holdings, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Advanced Diabetes Supply (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Affinitiv, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Alera Group Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Ameda, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Ansira Partners, Inc. (12) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Apps Associates LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Apps Associates LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Arrow Management Acquisition, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Auto-Vehicle Parts, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Auveco Holdings (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Auveco Holdings (5) 
 
 Revolver 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (8) 
 
 Revolver 

AX VI INV2 Holding AB (Voff) (9) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Banker's Toolbox, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Belay Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Benesys Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

BioAgilytix (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

C-4 Analytics, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

CAT Buyer, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Centria Subsidiary Holdings, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Claritas, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Claritas, LLC (5) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Claritas, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Consolidated Label Co., LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

CRA MSO, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Crusoe Bidco Limited 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31,2021 

Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Crusoe Bidco Limited 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (9) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Eagle Midco B.V. (Avania) (9) 
 
 Revolver 

Effective School Solutions LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Effective School Solutions LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

EMS Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Envocore Holding, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Eshipping (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Eshipping (5) 
 
 Revolver 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31,2021 

Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Everlast Parent Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Evolution BuyerCo, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Explorer Investor, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (3) 
 
 Revolver 

FS Whitewater Borrower, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Galway Borrower, LLC (5) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Galway Borrower, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

GrapeTree Medical Staffing, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

GH Parent Holdings Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Granicus, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Granicus, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Great Lakes Dental Partners, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

HCOS Group Intermediate III LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Hepaco, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Hercules Borrower LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Hercules Borrower LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

HGH Purchaser, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Homecare Partners Management, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Hospice Care Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Hsid Acquisition, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

HS Spa Holdings Inc. (Hand Stone) (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Infobase (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Infobase (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

ISS Compressors Industries, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

IvyRehab Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. (9) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Jordan Bidco, Ltd. 
 
 Revolver 

JTM Foods LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

JTM Foods LLC (5) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Kestrel Parent, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

King Mid LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

King Mid LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Learn-It Systems, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Learn-It Systems, LLC (6) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Lexipol (Ranger Buyer, Inc.) (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Lightspeed Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited 
 
 Revolver 

Lion Cashmere Bidco Limited (9) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

List Partners, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Mario Purchaser, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Mario Purchaser, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

MHS Acquisition Holdings, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

MRI Software LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

MWD Management LLC (United Derm) (5) 
 
 Revolver 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31,2021 

Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

New Era Technology, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

New Era Technology, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

New Era Technology, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Nexant Volt MergerSub, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Nurture Landscapes (10) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Odessa Technologies, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Oliver Packaging LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Omni Ophthalmic Management Consultants, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Ontario Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Ontario Systems, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Painters Supply Equipment Company (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Patriot Acquisition Topco S.A.R.L (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (6) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (11) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PharComp Parent B.V. (11) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Pharmalogics Recruiting, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Pilot Air Freight, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

Plasma Buyer LLC (PathGroup) (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Plasma Buyer LLC (PathGroup) (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Potter Electric Signal Company (5) 
 
 Revolver 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (5) 
 
 Revolver 

PPV Intermediate Holdings LLC (Vetcor) (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Professional Physical Therapy (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Premier Dental Care Management, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Prism Bidco, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 

PromptCare Intermediate, LP (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

PT Network, LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Receivable Solutions, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Safco Dental Supply, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Saturn Borrower Inc 
 
 Revolver 

Seko Global Logistics Network, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Seniorlink Incorporated (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Slickdeals Holdings, LLC (4) 
 
 Revolver 

Smartronix, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Smile Doctors LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Smile Doctors LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Smile Doctors LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

SQAD Holdco, Inc. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

SQAD Holdco, Inc. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Spear Education 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31,2021 

Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Commitment Expiration Date (1) 

Unfunded Commitment (2) 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Stepping Stones Healthcare Services, LLC (7) 
 
 Revolver 

Summit 7 Systems, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Sun Acquirer Corp. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (9) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Sydney US Buyer Corp. (3B Scientific) (9) 
 
 Revolver 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Teal Acquisition Co., Inc 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

The Hilb Group, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Transportation Insight, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Tranzonic 
 
 Revolver 

Unifeye Vision Partners (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Unifeye Vision Partners (6) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

United Flow Technologies (7) 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

United Flow Technologies (5) 
 
 Revolver 

UP Acquisition Corp. (5) 
 
 Revolver 

VetStrategy 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 

Vital Care Buyer, LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund L.P. 
 
 Partnership Interest 

Winxnet Holdings LLC (5) 
 
 Revolver 

Winxnet Holdings LLC 
 
 Revolver 

Total 

(1) Commitments are generally subject to borrowers meeting certain criteria such as compliance with covenants and certain operational metrics. These amounts may remain outstanding until the commitment period of an applicable loan expires, which may be shorter than its maturity. 

 (2) Unfunded commitments denominated in currencies other than USD have been converted to USD using the applicable foreign currency exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 (3) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (4) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (5) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (6) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (7) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (8) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (9) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (10) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (11) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

 (12) Investment pays unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving credit facilities. 

Other Commitments and Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts which provide a variety of representations and warranties, and that provide general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Company; however, based on the Company s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 

shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of in connection with a public equity offering . 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Crescent, Sun Life and other related parties owned and , respectively, of the outstanding common shares of the Company. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share-basic and diluted 

147 

Capital Gain 

Total 

(1) , , and , respectively, of ordinary income qualified as interest related dividend which is exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non U.S. shareholders. 

Other temporary differences 

() 

() 

() 

Post October loss deferrals 

Capital loss carryover 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

Components of tax distributable earnings at year end 

() 

() 

() 

Note, taxable income is an estimate and is not fully determined until the Company s tax return is filed. Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. The Company makes certain adjustments to the classification of stockholders equity as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which include differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal taxes or losses among other items. To the extent these differences are permanent, they are charged or credited to additional paid in capital, undistributed net investment income or undistributed net realized gains on investments, as appropriate. The Company neither has any uncertain tax positions that met the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740-10-25, Income Taxes, nor did the Company have any unrecognized tax benefits as of the periods presented herein. Although the Company files federal and state tax returns, the Company s major tax jurisdiction is federal. The Company s inception-to-date federal tax returns remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. A portion of losses acquired from Alcentra Capital may be subject to limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. Permanent differences between Investment Company Taxable Income ICTI and net investment income for financial reporting purposes are reclassified among capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax purposes, partnership investments, investments in wholly-owned subsidiaries, and incentive fees.) 

() 

() 

Distributions in excess of Investment Company Taxable Income 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

The tax cost of the Company s investments as of December 31, 2021, approximates their amortized cost. 

Gross Unrealized Appreciation 

Gross Unrealized Depreciation 

() 

() 

Net Unrealized Investment Appreciation (Depreciation) 

() 

() 

Excise tax (benefit) provision 

(Benefit) provision for income and excise taxes 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of accrued income and excise taxes remained payable.) 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for taxes on realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, was included in deferred tax assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities relating to net operating loss carryforwards and unrealized losses on investments and other temporary book to tax differences that are expected to be used in future periods. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, was included in deferred tax liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities primarily relating to deferred taxes on unrealized gains on investments held in the Company s corporate subsidiary and other temporary book to tax differences of the corporate subsidiary. 

149 

Net investment income after tax 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, asset acquisition and forward contracts, net of taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Effect of equity issuances, net of share repurchases and rounding 

Distributions declared from net investment income (2) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Offering Costs 

() 

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets 

() 

() 

Net asset value, end of period 

Shares outstanding, end of period 

Market value, end of period 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Total return based on market value (3) 

- 

Total return based on net asset value (4) 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Net assets, end of period 

Ratio of total net expenses to average net assets (5) 

Ratio of net expenses (without incentive fees and interest and other debt expenses) to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income before taxes to average net assets 

Ratio of interest and credit facility expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of net incentive fees to average net assets 

Portfolio turnover 

Asset coverage ratio 

(1) Based on actual number of shares outstanding at the end of the corresponding period or the weighted average shares outstanding for the period, unless otherwise noted, as appropriate. 

 (2) The per share data for distributions per share reflects the actual amount of distributions declared per share for the applicable periods. 

 (3) Total return based on market value is calculated as the change in market value per share during the period, taking into account dividends, if any, reinvested in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. 

 (4) Total return based on net asset value is calculated as the change in net asset value per share during the period plus declared dividends per share during the period, divided by the beginning net asset value per share, and not annualized. 

 (5) The ratio of total expenses to average net assets in the table above reflects the Adviser s voluntary waivers of its right to receive a portion of the management fees and income incentive fees with respect to the Company s ownership in GACP II LP and WhiteHawk III Onshore Fund LP and a voluntary waiver of income incentive fees to the extent net investment income, excluding the effect of the GAAP incentive fee, falls short of the regular declared dividend on a full dollar basis. Excluding the effects of the voluntary waivers, the ratio of total expenses to average net assets would have been , , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

150 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Revolving Credit Facility(5) 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

N/A 

Revolving Credit Facility II(6) 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Ally Corporate Revolving Facility(8) 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

SMBC Corporate Revolving Facility 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Class and Year 
 
 Total Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Treasury Securities(1) 

Asset Coverage Per Unit(2) 

Involuntary Liquidating Preference Per Unit(3) 

Average Market Value Per Unit(4) 

2023 Unsecured Notes 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

2026 Unsecured Notes 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

InterNotes (7) 

Fiscal 2022 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 
 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at principal value at the end of the period presented. 

 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as (i) the sum of (A) total assets at end of period and (B) other liabilities excluding total debt outstanding and accrued borrowing expenses at end of period, divided by (ii) the sum of total debt outstanding and accrued borrowing expenses at the end of the period. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit . 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon our involuntary liquidation in preference to any security junior to it. 

 (4) Not applicable. 

 (5) Our million revolving credit facility with Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and certain of its affiliates as lenders, dated as of June 29, 2015, which has been paid down in full and was terminated on June 29, 2017. 

 (6) Our million revolving credit facility with Capital One, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Managing Agent and Committed Lender, dated as of June 29, 2017, which has been paid down in full and was terminated on August 20, 2019. 

 (7) We redeemed or paid down the remaining million of InterNotes during the first quarter of 2021. 

 (8) Our million revolving credit facility with Ally Bank, as Administrative Agent and Arranger, dated as of August 20, 2019, which has been paid down in full and was terminated on October 27, 2021. 

152 

per share, of FCRD FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of two days prior to the closing (the Determination Date (excluding shares held by subsidiaries of FCRD or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or Acquisition Sub Cancelled Shares and Dissenting Shares (as defined in Exhibit 2.4)) shall be converted into the right to receive (i) a portion of the CCAP Aggregate Merger Consideration (as defined below) pursuant to the election and proration procedures described below and in Exhibit 2.4 and (ii) from the Adviser, an amount equal to (a) million divided by (b) the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date (excluding any Cancelled Shares) (the CCAP Advisor Cash Consideration ). The CCAP Aggregate Merger Consideration means the sum of (A) a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (as defined below); provided, that in no event will the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the Total CCAP Stock Consideration exceed of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of October 3, 2022, and (B) if the Total CCAP Stock Consideration is less than the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value (as defined below), an amount in cash, without interest, to be paid by the Company equal to (a) the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value (as defined below) minus the Aggregate Share Consideration Value (as defined below) (such cash amount, the CCAP Aggregate Cash Consideration ). On the Determination Date, each of the Company and FCRD shall deliver to the other party a calculation of its estimated net asset value, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as of 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Determination Date, calculated in good faith (the Company s total net asset value as of the Determination Date, the CCAP Closing Net Asset Value and the total net asset value of FCRD as of the Determination Date, the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value ); provided, that each party shall update and redeliver such calculation in certain circumstances described in the Merger Agreement. Based on such calculations, the parties will calculate the CCAP Per Share NAV , which will equal the CCAP Closing Net Asset Value divided by the number of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date, and the FCRD per Share NAV , which will equal the FCRD Closing Net Asset Value divided by the number of shares of FCRD Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Determination Date (excluding any Cancelled Shares). The Exchange Ratio will be equal to the quotient (rounded to four decimal places) of (i) the FCRD Per Share NAV divided by (ii) the CCAP Per Share NAV. The Aggregate Share Consideration Value shall refer to (a) the Total CCAP Stock Consideration multiplied by (b) the CCAP Per Share NAV. In addition, in connection with the Merger Agreement, Sun Life, which owns a majority interest in the Adviser, has committed to provide secondary-market support and will purchase million of the combined company s common stock via a share purchase program over time following the consummation of the Merger Agreement. The completion of the FCRD Acquisition is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, FCRD stockholder approval, required regulatory approvals (including expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976), and other customary closing conditions. The merger of FCRD with and into Acquisition Sub is expected be accounted for as an asset acquisition pursuant to ASC 805-50, Business Combinations-Related Issues, with the fair value of total consideration paid in conjunction with the Mergers including, under certain circumstances, the CCAP Advisor Cash Consideration, or a portion thereof, allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as of the date of the Mergers. The final allocation of the purchase price will be determined after the Mergers are completed and after completion of a final analysis to determine (i) the fair value of total consideration to be paid in conjunction with the mergers; and (ii) the fair values of FCRD s acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the acquisition date. Accordingly, the final purchase accounting adjustments may differ materially from the pro forma adjustments presented in this document. For consolidated financial reporting, CCAP will be the accounting and performance survivor. There are no material differences in the accounting, taxation or valuation policies of CCAP and FCRD. As of December 31, 2022, the Company incurred of costs related to the acquisition, which were recorded as Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

 154 

, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended on September 27, 2019, the Merger Agreement to acquire Alcentra Capital Corporation Alcentra Capital in a cash and stock transaction (the Alcentra Acquisition ). In connection with the Alcentra Acquisition, which was completed on , each share of Alcentra Capital common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Alcentra Acquisition was converted into the right to receive from the Company, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, (a) approximately per share in cash consideration less per share spillover dividend declared by Alcentra Capital, and (b) stock consideration at the fixed exchange ratio of shares, par value per share, of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Ratio (and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Company s common stock). The Exchange Ratio was fixed on the date of the Merger Agreement, and was not subject to adjustment based on changes in the trading price of Alcentra Capital s common stock before the closing of the Alcentra Acquisition. Based on the number of shares of Alcentra Capital common stock outstanding on the date of the merger, approximately of the Company s shares of common stock were exchanged for approximately outstanding shares of Alcentra Capital common stock, subject to adjustment in certain limited circumstances. Upon closing of the Alcentra Acquisition, all unfunded commitments of stockholders subscribing in the private offering were terminated. Additionally, on August 12, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with the Adviser in connection with the Alcentra Acquisition. Under the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement, in connection with the consummation of the Alcentra Acquisition the Adviser (a) provided cash consideration of approximately per share of Alcentra Capital common stock, payable to Alcentra Capital stockholders in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement at closing, (b) entered into an amendment to the Investment Advisory Agreement to (i) permanently reduce the management fee from to , (ii) increase the incentive fee hurdle from to annualized, (iii) waive a portion of the management fee from February 1, 2020 through July 31, 2021 after the transaction so that only shall be charged for such time period, and (iv) waive the income based portion of the incentive fee from February 1, 2020 through July 31, 2021 after the transaction and (c) fund up to of expenses that the Company incurs in connection with completing the Alcentra Acquisition. The merger of Alcentra Capital with and into Crescent Capital BDC was accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805-50, Business Combinations-Related Issues. Accordingly, transaction expenses of , net of Adviser transaction support of , were included in total consideration paid, and no goodwill was recognized. In evaluating whether the merger was an asset acquisition or business combination, the Company considered (i) whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets; and (ii) whether the set of acquired assets included at least one substantive process. Since the acquired assets consisted of similar classes of financial assets, and since the Company did not acquire an organized workforce or other substantive processes in the transaction, it was deemed to be an asset acquisition. Total consideration paid by the Company, including transaction costs related to the merger, of was allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based upon their relative fair values as of the closing date, subject to the limitation that certain non-qualifying assets, including financial instruments, could not be assigned an amount greater than their fair values. As a result of this limitation, total consideration paid by the Company exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired by , which has been presented as a realized loss in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2020. The Company estimated the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in accordance with ASC 820; the methodologies utilized to make these estimates were consistent with those used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its own assets and liabilities. 

Cash Consideration paid by the Company 

Transaction costs 

Total Purchase Price 

Assets (Liabilities) Acquired 

Investment portfolio (2) 

Cash 

Portfolio receivables 

Other receivable 

InterNotes 

Secured credit facility 

Borrowing expense payable 

Other payables 

Net Assets Acquired 

Realized loss on asset acquisition 

(1) Common stock consideration was issued at the Company s Net Asset Value of at the date of the Alcentra Acquisition. 

 (2) Investments acquired were recorded at fair value at the date of the acquisition, which is also the Company s initial cost basis. 

155 

to . On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of per share, which will be paid on to stockholders of record as of March 31, 2023. 

156 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 157 

PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 ITEM 10. 	 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 11. 	 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. 	 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 	 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. 	 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. 	 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 158 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15.	 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements Financial statements are included in Item 1. See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

2 
 Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statements schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

3. 
 Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference. 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 12, 2019, by and among the Company, Atlantis Acquisition Sub, Inc., Alcentra Capital Corporation and Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (formerly CBDC Advisors, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2019). 

2.2 
 Amendment No. 1, dated September 27, 2019, to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Atlantis Acquisition Sub, Inc., Alcentra Capital Corporation and Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Company s Preliminary Proxy Statement filed on October 3, 2019. 

2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 27, 2019, by and between the Company and Crescent Reincorporation Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2019). 

2.4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 3, 2022, by and among the Company, Echelon Acquisition Sub, Inc., Echelon Acquisition Sub LLC, First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. and Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 4,2022). 

3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2020). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2020). 

4.1 
 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2020). 

4.2 
 Description of Securities (filed herewith). 

10.1 
 Investment Advisory Agreement by and between Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. and Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC, dated as of January 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021). 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement by and between the Company and CCAP Administration LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2020). 

10.3 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated April 30, 2015, by and between the Company and Crescent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55380) filed on June 5, 2015). 

10.4 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2020). 

10.5 
 Form of Advisory Fee Waiver Agreement by and between the Company and the Adviser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55380) filed on June 5, 2015). 

10.6 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Fee Waiver Agreement, dated August 7, 2018, by and between the Company and the Adviser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s current report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2018). 

10.7 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55380) filed on June 5, 2015). 

10.8 
 Custodial Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2021, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s current report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021). 

159 

10.9 
 Transaction Support Agreement, dated August 12, 2019, between Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. and Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC (f/k/a CBDC Advisors, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01132), filed on August 13, 2019). 

10.10 
 Conformed Loan and Security Agreement (conformed through Amendment No. 4) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2020). 

10.11 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc., as the collateral manager, seller and equityholder, Crescent Capital BDC Funding, LLC, as the borrower, the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021). 

10.12 
 Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2020, by and among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. and the Purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2020). 

10.13 
 Form of 5.95 Series 2020A Senior Notes due July 30, 2023 (included in Exhibit 10.12). 

10.14 
 First Supplement and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, by and among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. and the Purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2021). 

10.15 
 Form of 4.00 SERIES 2021A Senior Note Due February 17, 2026 (included in Exhibit 10.14). 

10.16 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated October 27, 2021, by and among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. as the Borrower, certain lenders party thereto and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, arranger, and lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2021). 

10.17 
 First Amendment to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated March 4, 2022, by and among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. as the Borrower, certain lenders party thereto and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, arranger, and lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2022). 

10.18 
 First Omnibus Amendment to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement and Guarantee and Security Agreement dated January 13, 2023, by and among Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. as the Borrower, certain lenders party thereto and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, arranger, and lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2023). 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2020). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Crescent Capital BDC Inc. (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

160 

ITEM 16.	FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 161 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason A. Breaux 

Jason A. Breaux 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Gerhard Lombard 

Gerhard Lombard 

Chief Financial Officer 

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jason A Breaux, Gerhard Lombard, George P. Hawley, Erik Barrios, and each of them, such person s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and revocation, for such person and in such person s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign one or more Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and each of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 

Signature 
 Title 

/s/ Jason A. Breaux 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Jason A. Breaux 

/s/ Gerhard Lombard 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Gerhard Lombard 

/s/ George G. Strong, Jr. 
 Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 

George G. Strong, Jr. 

/s/ Steven F. Strandberg 
 Director 

Steven F. Strandberg 

/s/ Michael S. Segal 
 Director 

Michael S. Segal 

/s/ Kathleen Briscoe 
 Director 

Kathleen Briscoe 

/s/ Susan Yun Lee 
 Director 

Susan Yun Lee 

162 

<EX-4>
 2
 ccap-ex4_2.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. Crescent Capital, the Company, we, us or our had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our common stock. In this exhibit, references to Crescent Capital, we, us and our refer only to Crescent Capital and not any of its subsidiaries. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 
 a) Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 The statements made under this caption include summaries of certain provisions contained in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended, (the Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, (the Bylaws each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 20.1 is a part. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Charter and Bylaws. We encourage you to read our Charter, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ). 
 
 Our authorized stock consists of 200,010,000 shares of stock, par value 0.001 per share, 200,000,000 of which are currently classified as common stock and 10,000 of which are currently classified as preferred stock. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our indebtedness or obligations. 
 
 Under the charter, our board of directors (the Board is authorized to classify any unissued shares of stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes or series of stock and authorize the issuance of shares of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the MGCL, the Charter provides that a majority of the entire Board, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that has authority to issue. 
 
 Common Stock 
 All shares of Common Stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of Common Stock if, as and when authorized by the Board and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of Common Stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except as otherwise provided in the Charter or where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. The Charter provides that during the period beginning with the date the Company reincorporated as a Maryland corporation (the Reincorporation and ending 365 days after the date listing of the Common Stock on a national securities exchange (the Listing ), any transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, operation of law or otherwise), exchange, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition or encumbrance of any shares of Common Stock acquired by a stockholder attendant to the Reincorporation is prohibited, and therefore not effective, until the later of (a) the date of such transfer or (b) 180 days after the date of the Listing for one-third of the shares of Common Stock acquired by a stockholder in connection with the Reincorporation, 270 days after the date of the Listing for an additional one-third of the shares of Common Stock acquired by a stockholder in connection with the Reincorporation and 365 days after the date of the Listing for the remaining one-third of the shares of Common Stock acquired by a stockholder in the Reincorporation Merger, unless the Board provides prior written consent permitting an earlier effective date and the transfer, exchange, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition or encumbrance is made in accordance with applicable securities and other laws. The Board may impose certain conditions in connection with granting its consent to an earlier effective date and any such consent shall be granted in the sole discretion of the Board. Any purported transfer, exchange, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition or encumbrance of any shares of Common Stock effected on an earlier effective date in violation of the Charter will have no force or effect, and will not register or permit registration of (and will direct its transfer agent, if any, not to register or permit registration of) any such purported transfer, exchange, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition or encumbrance on its books and records until the applicable effective date. 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of Common Stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after pays off all indebtedness and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. 
 
 Except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of Common Stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock can elect all of our directors. 

Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final adjudication as being material to the cause of action. The Charter contains such a provision, which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 
 The Charter requires , to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager or partner, in each case who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The Charter also permits us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
 
 In addition to the indemnification provided for in the Charter, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and certain of our officers and with members of our investment adviser s investment committee and we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our future directors, members of our investment committee and certain of our officers. The indemnification agreements attempt to provide these directors, officers and other persons the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and the 1940 Act. The agreements provide, among other things, for the advancement of expenses and indemnification for liabilities that such person may incur by reason of his or her status as a present or former director or officer or member of our investment adviser s investment committee in any action or proceeding arising out of the performance of such person s services as a present or former director or officer or member of our investment adviser s investment committee. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which the Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or are threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (x) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (y) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 

Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and the Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The MGCL and the Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquiror to acquire Crescent Capital by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of to negotiate first with the Board. believes that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 The Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of only one of the three classes expiring each year. A classified board may render a change in control of or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. believes, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors helps to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Election of Directors 
 
 The Bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect each director; provided, that if the number of nominees for director exceeds the number of directors to be elected, directors will be elected by a plurality of votes cast. 
 
 Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 
 
 The Charter provides that the number of directors will be set only by the Board in accordance with the Bylaws. The Bylaws provide that a majority of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless the Bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than four or more than 15. The Charter sets forth our election to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL regarding the filling of vacancies on the Board. Accordingly, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 
 The Charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in the Charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Under the MGCL, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by unanimous written or electronically transmitted consent instead of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of the Bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder- requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 The Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board or (c) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the Bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any adjournment or postponement thereof), is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and has complied with the advance notice procedures of the Bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only (a) by or at the direction of the Board or (b) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with the Bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the Bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any adjournment or postponement thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford the Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by the Board, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although the Bylaws do not give the Board any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 The Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by the Board and certain of our officers. Additionally, the Bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders must be called by the secretary of the corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting. 
 
 A pproval of Extraordinary Corporate Action; Amendment of the Charter and Bylaws 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The Charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The Charter also provides that certain charter amendments and any proposal for our conversion, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company or any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution require the approval of the stockholders entitled to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by at least two-thirds of our continuing directors (as defined below) (in addition to approval by the Board), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The continuing directors are defined in the Charter as our current directors as well as those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of the continuing directors then on the board of directors. 

The Bylaws provide that the board of directors will have the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to make new bylaws. The Bylaws also provide that the stockholders will have the power, at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, subject to the requirements in the Bylaws regarding the advance notice of stockholder proposals or the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders, as the case may be, to alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to adopt new bylaws if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter and is otherwise permitted by applicable law, except that the stockholders will not have the power to alter or repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with the amendment provisions of the Bylaws without the approval of the Board. 
 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 
 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Acquisition Act discussed below, as permitted by the MGCL, the Charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless the Board determines that such rights will apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which stockholders would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The Control Share Acquisition Act provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by employees who are directors of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquiror crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in the Bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act, which will prohibit any such redemption other than in limited circumstances. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 The Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock and, as a result, any control shares of will have the same voting rights as all of the other shares of Common Stock. Such provision could be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, will amend the Bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Acquisition Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and determines (after consultation with the SEC staff) that our being subject to the Control Share Acquisition Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. 

Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 any person who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. The Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including a majority of the independent directors. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. If this resolution is repealed or the Board does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 

Conflict with the 1940 Act 
 
 The Bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Acquisition Act (if we amend the Bylaws to be subject to such act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of the Charter or Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 The Charter provides that, unless consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in Section 1-101(p) of the MGCL, including, without limitation, (a) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to or to our stockholders or (b) any action asserting a claim against or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Charter or Bylaws, or (iii) any action asserting a claim against or any of our directors or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented and waived any objection to this exclusive forum provision of the Charter, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 ccap-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CRESCENT CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 
 Name	 							 Jurisdiction Crescent Capital BDC Funding, LLC			Delaware CBDC Universal Equity, Inc.					Delaware CCAP CA Lending LLC					Delaware 
 In addition, we have entities that are considered controlled affiliate entities as described in Note 3 Agreements and Related Party Transactions as of December 31, 2022, included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements portion of Crescent Capital BDC. Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ccap-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, into the Registration Statement (Form N-2, File No. 333-255478), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 ccap-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jason A. Breaux, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason A. Breaux 

Jason A. Breaux 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ccap-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Gerhard Lombard, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Gerhard Lombard 

Gerhard Lombard 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ccap-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jason A. Breaux 

Name: 
 
 Jason A. Breaux 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ Gerhard Lombard 

Name: 
 
 Gerhard Lombard 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ccap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ccap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ccap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ccap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ccap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

