<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_92521_0000092521-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14649286</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2498437</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5168825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3417477</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3150590</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092521-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223150010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092521-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				750575400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NM
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03789
		FILM NUMBER:		23659094

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SPS TOWER
		STREET 2:		TYLER AT SIXTH ST
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035717511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1261
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092521-23-000003.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 sps-20221231.htm
 10-K

sps-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 Southwestern Public Service Company (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of Feb. 23, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, were outstanding, all of which were held by Xcel Energy Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is set forth under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit and Non-Audit Fees in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which definitive Proxy Statement is expected to be filed with the SEC on or about April 11, 2023. Such information set forth under such heading is incorporated herein by this reference hereto. 
 Southwestern Public Service Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction I(2). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2 Properties 
 13 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 
 PART II 14 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 14 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 41 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 
 PART III 41 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 41 
 PART IV 42 
 Item 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 
 Signatures 
 44 

This Form 10-K is filed by SPS. SPS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM l BUSINESS 

Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries 
 Federal and State Regulatory Agencies EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission IRS Internal Revenue Service NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation NMPRC New Mexico Public Regulation Commission PHMSA Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas SEC Securities and Exchange Commission TCEQ Texas Commission on Environmental Quality 
 Other AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction ARO Asset retirement obligation BART Best available retrofit technology C I Commercial and Industrial CEO Chief executive officer CFO Chief financial officer CWIP Construction work in progress D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DSM Demand side management ETR Effective tax rate FTR Financial transmission right GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles GHG Greenhouse gas IPP Independent power producing entity IRA Inflation Reduction Act 

ISO Independent System Operator ITC Investment tax credit LP L Lubbock Power and Light MGP Manufactured gas plant Moody s Moody s Investor Services Native load Customer demand of retail and wholesale customers whereby a utility has an obligation to serve under statute or long-term contract NAV Net asset value NOL Net operating loss O M Operating and maintenance OATT Open Access Transmission Tariff PFAS Per- and PolyFluoroAlkyl Substances 
 PPA Purchased power agreement PTC Production tax credit REC Renewable energy credit RFP Request for Proposal ROE Return on equity ROU Right-of-use RTO Regional Transmission Organization S P Standard Poor s Global Ratings SERP Supplemental executive retirement plan SO 2 
 Sulfur dioxide SPP Southwest Power Pool, Inc. TCJA 2017 federal tax reform enacted as Public Law No: 115-97, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act VIE Variable interest entity 
 Measurements KV Kilovolts KWh Kilowatt hours MMBtu Million British thermal units MW Megawatts MWh Megawatt hours 

Where to Find More Information 
 
 SPS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., and Xcel Energy s website address is www.xcelenergy.com. Xcel Energy makes available, free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. The information on Xcel Energy s website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of resettlement calculations and credit losses relating to certain energy transactions, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2022 (including risk factors listed from time to time by SPS in reports filed with the SEC, including Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee work force and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints, and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of SPS to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 
 
 Company Overview 
 Electric customers 0.4 million SPS was incorporated in 1921 under the laws of New Mexico. SPS conducts business in Texas and New Mexico and generates, purchases, transmits, distributes and sells electricity. 
 Total assets 9.7 billion Rate Base (estimated) 6.7 billion ROE (net income / average stockholder's equity) 9.36 Electric generating capacity 5,249 MW Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 41,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 24,000 miles 
 
 Electric Operations 

Electric operations consist of energy supply, generation, transmission and distribution activities. SPS had electric sales volume of 29,205 (millions of KWh), 0.4 million customers and electric revenues of 2,426 million for 2022. 
 Electric Operations (percentage of total) Sales Volume Number of Customers Revenues Residential 13 79 18 C I 62 19 45 Other 25 2 36 

Retail Sales/Revenue Statistics (a) 
 2022 2021 KWH sales per retail customer 55,835 51,872 Revenue per retail customer 3,946 3,469 Residential revenue per KWh 11.58 11.56 C I revenue per KWh 6.04 5.57 Total retail revenue per KWh 7.07 6.69 
 (a) See Note 6 to the financial statements for further information. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Owned and Purchased Energy Generation 2022 

Electric Energy Sources 
 Total electric energy generation by source for the year ended Dec. 31: 
 
 Carbon Free 
 SPS carbon free energy portfolio includes wind and solar power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. Carbon free percentages will vary year over year based on system additions, commodity costs, weather, system demand and transmission constraints. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Wind 
 Owned Owned and operated wind farms with corresponding capacity: 
 2022 2021 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (a) 
 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (b) 
 2 984 2 984 
 (a) Summer 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Summer 2021 net dependable capacity. 
 PPAs Number of PPAs with capacity range: 2022 2021 PPAs Range (MW) PPAs Range (MW) 17 1 250 17 1 250 
 Current wind capacity for owned wind farms and PPAs was 2,548 in 2022 and 2021. 
 In 2022, the average cost of wind energy was 13 per MWh for owned generation and 27 per MWh for existing PPAs. In 2021, the average cost of wind energy was 17 per MWh for owned generation and 27 per MWh for existing PPAs. 

Solar 
 PPAs Solar PPAs capacity by type: 
 Type Capacity (MW) Distributed Generation 20 Utility-Scale 192 Total 212 
 The average cost of solar energy under existing PPAs was 62 per MWh and 61 per MWh in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Fossil Fuel 
 SPS fossil fuel energy portfolio includes coal and natural gas power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Coal 
 SPS owns and operates coal units with approximately 2,100 MW of total 2022 net summer dependable capacity, which provided 26 of the SPS energy mix in 2022. 
 Approved early coal plant retirements: 
 Year Plant Unit Capacity (MW) 2024 Harrington (a) 
 1,018 2034 Tolk 1 (b) 
 532 2034 Tolk 2 (b) 
 535 
 (a) Reflects expected conversion from coal to natural gas following the TCEQ order that Harrington cease use of coal fuel by Jan. 1, 2025. 
 (b) Tolk Unit 1 and 2 are approved to be retired early in 2034. SPS proposed to retire both units in 2028 in the pending New Mexico and Texas rate cases. 
 Coal Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of coal consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (coal and natural gas): 
 Coal Cost Percent 2022 2.37 59 2021 2.07 66 
 Natural Gas 
 SPS has eight natural gas plants with approximately 2,200 MW of total 2022 net summer dependable capacity, which provided 35 of the SPS energy mix in 2022. 
 Natural gas supplies, transportation and storage services for power plants are procured to provide an adequate supply of fuel. Remaining requirements are procured through a liquid spot market. Generally, natural gas supply contracts have variable pricing that is tied to natural gas indices. Natural gas supply and transportation agreements include obligations for the purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or payments in lieu of delivery. 
 Natural Gas Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (coal and natural gas): 
 Natural Gas Cost Percent 2022 5.87 41 2021 (a) 
 6.72 34 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Capacity and Demand 
 Uninterrupted system peak demand and occurrence date: 
 System Peak Demand (MW) 2022 2021 4,280 July 19 4,054 Aug. 9 
 
 Transmission 
 Transmission lines deliver electricity over long distances from power sources to transmission substations closer to customers. A strong transmission system ensures continued reliable and affordable service, ability to meet state and regional energy policy goals, and support for a diverse generation mix, including renewable energy. SPS owns more than 40,000 conductor miles of transmission lines across its service territory. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Distribution 
 Distribution lines allow electricity to travel at lower voltages from substations directly to customers. SPS has a vast distribution network, owning and operating approximately 24,000 conductor miles of distribution lines across our service territory. To continue providing reliable, affordable electric service and enable more flexibility for customers, we are working to digitize the distribution grid, while at the same time keeping it secure. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Public Utility Regulation 
 See Item 7 for discussion of public utility regulation. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Our facilities are regulated by federal and state agencies that have jurisdiction over air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes or substances. Certain SPS activities require registrations, permits, licenses, inspections and approvals from these agencies. SPS has received necessary authorizations for the construction and continued operation of its generation, transmission and distribution systems. Our facilities strive to operate in compliance with applicable environmental standards and related monitoring and reporting requirements. 
 However, it is not possible to determine what additional facilities or modifications to existing or planned facilities will be required as a result of changes to regulations, interpretations or enforcement policies or what effect future laws or regulations may have. We may be required to incur expenditures in the future for remediation of historic and current operating sites and other waste treatment, storage and disposal sites. 
 There are significant environmental regulations to encourage use of clean energy technologies and regulate emissions of GHGs. SPS has undertaken numerous initiatives to meet current requirements and prepare for potential future regulations, reduce GHG emissions and respond to state renewable and energy efficiency goals. Future environmental regulations may result in substantial costs. 
 Emerging Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act In April 2022, the EPA proposed regulations under the "Good Neighbor" provisions of the Clean Air Act. The proposed rules establish an allowance trading program for NOx, potentially impacting fossil fuel generating facilities in Texas. Under the proposed rule, facilities without 

NOx controls will have to secure additional allowances, install NOx controls, or develop a strategy of operations that utilizes the existing allowance allocations. The EPA has indicated that it intends for the rule to be final and applicable in the first half of 2023. While the financial impacts of the proposed regulation are uncertain and dependent on market forces, SPS anticipates that costs will be approximately 30 million annually and will be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms based on prior state commission practices. 
 In a June 2022 ruling, the United States Supreme Court held that an economy-wide approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants was not consistent with the Clean Air Act. Therefore, if the EPA proceeds with new rules, it cannot set a standard based on economy-wide generation shifting to other sources, such as renewable energy. It is anticipated that EPA will propose rules to limit GHG emissions from new and existing coal and natural gas-fired electric generating units in 2023. If any new rules require additional investment, SPS believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Coal Ash Regulation In February 2023, the EPA entered into a Consent Decree, committing the agency to either issue new proposed rules by May 5, 2023, to regulate inactive CCR landfills under the CCR Rule for the first time, or to determine no such rules are necessary by that date. If proposed rules are issued in May, the EPA has committed to a May 2024 effective date for the new rules. Until proposed rules are issued, it is not certain what the impact will be on SPS, but we anticipate that additional inactive ash units could become regulated for the first time. It is also anticipated that the EPA may issue other CCR proposed rules in 2023 that further expand the scope of the CCR Rule. 
 Emerging Contaminants of Concern PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. SPS does not manufacture PFAS but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. In September 2022, the EPA proposed to designate two types of PFAS as hazardous substances under the CERCLA, specifically perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid. This proposed rule could result in new obligations for investigation and cleanup wherever PFAS are found to be present. The impact the proposed regulation may have on electric and gas utilities is currently uncertain. 
 Other 
 Our operations are subject to workplace safety standards under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of worker health and safety. In addition, the Company is subject to other government regulations impacting such matters as labor, competition, data privacy, etc. Based on information to date and because our policies and business practices are designed to comply with all applicable laws, we do not believe the effects of compliance on our operations, financial condition or cash flows are material. 
 
 General 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for electric power is affected by seasonal differences in the weather. In general, peak sales of electricity occur in the summer months. As a result, the overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Additionally, SPS operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 SPS is subject to public policies that promote competition and development of energy markets. SPS industrial and large commercial customers have the ability to generate their own electricity. In addition, customers may have the option of substituting other fuels or relocating their facilities to a lower cost region. 
 Customers have the opportunity to supply their own power with distributed generation including solar generation and in most jurisdictions can currently avoid paying for most of the fixed production, transmission and distribution costs incurred to serve them. 
 Several states have incentives for the development of rooftop solar, community solar gardens and other distributed energy resources. Distributed generating resources are potential competitors to SPS electric service business with these incentives and federal tax subsidies. 
 The FERC has continued to promote competitive wholesale markets through open access transmission and other means. SPS wholesale customers can purchase their output from generation resources of competing suppliers or non-contracted quantities and use the transmission system of SPS on a comparable basis to serve their native load. 
 FERC Order No. 1000 established competition for ownership of certain new electric transmission facilities under Federal regulations. Some states have state laws that allow the incumbent a Right of First Refusal to own these transmission facilities. 
 FERC Order 2222 requires that RTO and ISO markets allow participation of aggregations of distributed energy resources. This order is expected to incentivize distributed energy resource adoption, however implementation is expected to vary by RTO/ISO and the near, medium, and long-term impacts of Order 2222 remain unclear. 
 SPS has franchise agreements with cities subject to periodic renewal; however, a city could seek alternative means to access electric power, such as municipalization. No municipalization activities are occurring presently. 
 While facing these challenges, SPS believes its rates and services are competitive with alternatives currently available. 
 
 Employees 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, SPS had 1,148 full-time employees and no part-time employees, of which 768 were covered under collective-bargaining agreements. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 Xcel Energy, which includes SPS, is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. Risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. These risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that we file with the SEC. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. 

Oversight of Risk and Related Processes 
 SPS Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of material risk and maintaining an effective risk monitoring process. Management and the Board of Directors have responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks. 
 SPS maintains a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance beginning with the tone at the top. The risk mitigation process includes adherence to our Code of Conduct and compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and overall business management. SPS further mitigates inherent risks through formal risk committees and corporate functions such as internal audit, and internal controls over financial reporting and legal. 
 Management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. Identification and risk analysis occurs formally through risk assessment conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, hazard risk procedures, internal audit and compliance with financial and operational controls. 
 Management also identifies and analyzes risk through the business planning process, development of goals and establishment of key performance indicators, including identification of barriers to implementing our strategy. The business planning process also identifies likelihood and mitigating factors to prevent the assumption of inappropriate risk to meet goals. 
 Management communicates regularly with the Board of Directors and its sole stockholder regarding risk. Senior management presents and communicates a periodic risk assessment to the Board of Directors, providing information on the risks that management believes are material, including financial impact, timing, likelihood and mitigating factors. The Board of Directors regularly reviews management s key risk assessments, which includes areas of existing and future macroeconomic, financial, operational, policy, environmental, safety and security risks. 
 The oversight, management and mitigation of risk is an integral and continuous part of the Board of Directors governance of SPS. Processes are in place to confirm appropriate risk oversight, as well as identification and consideration of new risks. 
 Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Operational Risks 
 Our electric generation, transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. 
 Our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages. Our natural gas transmission activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. 
 These risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to employees, third-party contractors, customers or the public. We maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses. The occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential loss of reputation. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining SPS facilities include, but are not limited to: 
 Risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned. 
 Failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies. 
 Impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, tornadoes, icing events, floods and droughts. 
 Performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. 
 Availability of replacement equipment. 
 Availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements. 
 Availability or changes to wind patterns. 
 Inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects. 
 Use of new or unproven technology. 
 Risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources. 
 Increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes. 
 Additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. The PHMSA is responsible for administering the Department of Transportation s national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. The PHMSA continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. We have programs in place to comply with these regulations and systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time, however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations. 
 Our electric transmission and distribution operations and natural gas transmission operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services. 
 Our utility operations are subject to long-term planning and project risks. 
 Most electric utility investments are planned to be used for decades. Transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. These plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. Our long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals, develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines. 
 In addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. The electric utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). 

Customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments. 
 The magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. Efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce GHG emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. Higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. Evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. Multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets. 
 We require inputs such as coal, natural gas and water to cool our facilities. Lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate. 
 Our utility operations are highly dependent on suppliers to deliver components in accordance with short and long-term project schedules. 
 Our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. A shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for SPS and our customers. Such impacts could include timing of projects, including potential for project cancellation. Failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production. 
 A significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. Despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. Delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity. 
 A significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs. Additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. Failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. Also, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to sales commitments negatively impacts our cash flows and results of operations. 
 We also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. In many markets, emission allowances and/or RECs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. As a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. We mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. Settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. The management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends. 
 Public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. High commodity prices that are being passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations. 
 Due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, SPS is unable to fully assure that its risk management programs and procedures would be effective to protect against all significant adverse market deviations. In addition, SPS cannot fully assure that its controls will be effective against all potential risks. If such programs and procedures are not effective, SPS results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted. 
 Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on operations. 
 The competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market. In addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant knowledge and expertise to new employees or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Inability to attract and retain these employees adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work. 
 We rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. Our contractual arrangements with these contractors typically include performance and safety standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. Poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines. 
 Our employees, directors, third-party contractors, or suppliers may violate or be perceived to violate our Codes of Conduct, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation. 
 We are exposed to risk of employee or third-party contractor fraud or misconduct. All employees and members of the Board of Directors are subject to comply with our Code of Conduct and are required to participate in annual training. Additionally, suppliers are subject to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. SPS does not tolerate discrimination, violations of our Code of Conduct or other unacceptable behaviors. However, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third-parties, which may result in governmental investigations, other actions or lawsuits. If such actions are taken against us we may suffer loss of reputation and such actions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Xcel Energy Inc. can exercise substantial control over our dividend policy and business and operations and may exercise that control in a manner that may be perceived to be adverse to our interests. 
 All of the members of our Board of Directors, as well as many of our executive officers, are officers of Xcel Energy Inc. Our Board or Directors makes determinations with respect to a number of significant corporate events, including the payment of our dividends. 
 We have historically paid quarterly dividends to Xcel Energy Inc. If Xcel Energy Inc. s cash requirements increase, our Board of Directors could decide to increase the dividends we pay to Xcel Energy Inc. to help support Xcel Energy Inc. s cash needs. This could adversely affect our liquidity. The most restrictive dividend limitation for SPS is imposed by its state regulatory commissions. State regulatory commissions indirectly limit the amount of dividends that SPS can pay Xcel Energy Inc., by requiring a minimum equity-to-total capitalization ratio. 
 See Note 5 to the financial statements for further information. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our profitability depends on our ability to recover costs and changes in regulation may impair our ability to recover costs from our customers. 
 We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. 
 The profitability of our operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. Our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a test year. We are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. Thus, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. Rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. 
 There can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all our costs to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery. 
 Overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. However, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair our ability to recover costs historically collected from our customers, or we could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery. 
 Changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. While regulation typically provides cost recovery relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 Higher than expected inflation or tariffs may increase costs of construction and operations. Also, rising fuel costs could increase the risk that we will not be able to fully recover our fuel costs from our customers. 
 Adverse regulatory rulings (including changes in recovery mechanisms) or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on common stock. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 
 We cannot be assured that our current credit ratings will remain in effect, or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. Significant events including disallowance of costs use of historic test years, elimination or riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios and impacts of tax policy may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. In addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. 
 Any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. It could also impact our ability to access capital markets. Also, we may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade. 
 We are subject to capital market and interest rate risks. 
 Utility operations require significant capital investment. As a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. Any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. Capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. Higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We are subject to credit risks. 
 Credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. Credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the economy and unemployment rates. Credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. Should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and incur losses. 
 We may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. We may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., SPP, Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc., Electric Reliability Council of Texas and California ISO), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants. 
 We have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. If any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. If the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract. 

As we are a subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. we may be negatively affected by events impacting the credit or liquidity of Xcel Energy Inc. and its affiliates. 
 If either S P or Moody s were to downgrade Xcel Energy Inc. s debt securities below investment grade, it would increase Xcel Energy Inc. s cost of capital and restrict its access to the capital markets. This could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us, or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy Inc. and its utility subsidiaries had approximately 22.8 billion of long-term debt and 2.0 billion of short-term debt and current maturities. Xcel Energy Inc. provides various guarantees and bond indemnities supporting some of its subsidiaries by guaranteeing the payment or performance by these subsidiaries for specified agreements or transactions. 
 Xcel Energy also has other contingent liabilities resulting from various tax disputes and other matters. Xcel Energy Inc. s exposure under the guarantees is based upon the net liability of the relevant subsidiary under the specified agreements or transactions. The majority of Xcel Energy Inc. s guarantees limit its exposure to a maximum amount that is stated in the guarantees. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy had the following guarantees outstanding: 
 1 million maximum stated amount and immaterial exposure. 
 61 million for performance and payment of surety bonds for the benefit of itself and its subsidiaries, with total exposure that cannot be estimated at this time. 
 98 million for performance and payment of a capital services contract for solar generating equipment, with immaterial exposure. 
 If Xcel Energy Inc. were to become obligated to make payments under these guarantees and bond indemnities or become obligated to fund other contingent liabilities, it could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us, or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 
 Increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. Estimates and assumptions may change. In addition, the Pension Protection Act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. Therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future. Also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving would trigger settlement accounting and could require SPS to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. Changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs. 
 Federal tax law may significantly impact our business. 
 SPS collects estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. Changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. Tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. If tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. In addition, certain IRS tax policies such as tax normalization may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Economic conditions impact our business. 
 Our operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). Economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers ability to pay their bills which could lead to additional bad debt expense. 
 Additionally, SPS faces competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. 
 We operate in a capital intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. There may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates. 
 We face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Health epidemics continue to impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. Uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy. 
 We cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak. 
 Operations could be impacted by war, terrorism or other events. 
 Our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. Any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. These disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. We have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. The insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. In addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms. 
 A disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. Because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility. 
 We also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires, widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption. 
 In addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. While we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. SPS participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. A prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers. 
 A major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 A cyber incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business. 
 We operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. In addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including Company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors and other individuals. 
 Our generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets, as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error. 
 The utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. We expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. 
 Cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Our generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. Therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers operations, could also negatively impact our business. 
 Our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. We are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. Cyber security incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels. 
 We maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. However, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information. A failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. The cyber security threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability. 
 While the Company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. Also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather. 
 Our electric utility business is seasonal and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Public Policy Risks 
 Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business. 
 The Energy Act increased civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. FERC can impose penalties of up to 1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. In addition, NERC electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. Also, the PHMSA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties. In the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. In addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. If a serious reliability, cyber or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

The continued use of natural gas for power generation has increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. These efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for power generation, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers. 
 In recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. If such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service. 
 Environmental Policy Risks 
 We may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 Legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. International agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations. 
 In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the Paris Agreement) that establishes a framework for GHG mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 Celsius. 
 International commitments and agreements could result in future additional GHG reductions in the United States. In addition, in 2023 the EPA intends to publish draft regulations for GHG emissions from the power sector consistent with the agency s Clean Air Act authorities. 
 Many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies. The steps SPS has taken to date to reduce GHG emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies. 
 We may be subject to climate change lawsuits. An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 
 If our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the O M costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. Laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. Failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. We may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination. 
 Changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our generation facilities. While regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 We are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. It could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or O M costs incurred to comply with the requirements. 
 In addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised and new laws or regulations may be adopted. We may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts. 
 Climate change can create physical and financial risk. Physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. 
 Our customers energy needs vary with weather. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. Decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. 
 Climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. The price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. The cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of GHG, could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers, which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of GHGs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions. 
 We establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. Our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. 

Severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. Extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. Extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers. 
 To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. Periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand. 
 More frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other factors have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the potential impact of an event. Also, the expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and SPS' electric infrastructure. 
 Other potential risks associated with wildfires include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, or increased costs of insurance, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets. 
 While we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if SPS was found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants and increase the cost for energy. Adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability. We may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 
 Virtually all of the utility plant property of SPS is subject to the lien of its first mortgage bond indenture. 
 Station, Location and Unit at Dec. 31, 2022 Fuel Installed MW (a) 
 Steam: Cunningham-Hobbs, NM, 2 Units Natural Gas 1957 - 1965 225 Harrington-Amarillo, TX, 3 Units Coal 1976 - 1980 1,018 Jones-Lubbock, TX, 2 Units Natural Gas 1971 - 1974 486 Maddox-Hobbs, NM, 1 Unit Natural Gas 1967 112 Nichols-Amarillo, TX, 3 Units Natural Gas 1960 - 1968 457 Plant X-Earth, TX, 3 Units Natural Gas 1952 - 1964 298 Tolk-Muleshoe, TX, 2 Units Coal 1982 - 1985 1,067 Combustion Turbine: Cunningham-Hobbs, NM, 2 Units Natural Gas 1997 207 Jones-Lubbock, TX, 2 Units Natural Gas 2011 - 2013 334 Maddox-Hobbs, NM, 1 Unit Natural Gas 1963 - 1976 61 Wind: Hale-Plainview, TX, 239 Units Wind 2019 477 (b) 
 Sagamore-Dora, NM, 240 Units Wind 2020 507 (b) 
 Total 5,249 
 (a) Summer 2022 net dependable capacity. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Capacity is attainable only when wind conditions are sufficiently available. 
 Electric utility overhead and underground transmission and distribution lines (measured in conductor miles) at Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Conductor Miles Transmission 500 KV 345 KV 11,676 230 KV 9,829 161 KV 138 KV 115 KV 14,905 Less than 115 KV 4,469 Total Transmission 40,879 Distribution Less than 115 KV 23,538 Total 64,417 
 SPS had 457 electric utility transmission and distribution substations at Dec. 31, 2022. 
 SPS had 20 miles of natural gas utility transmission mains at Dec. 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 SPS is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to, when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
 For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on SPS financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 10 to the financial statements, Item 1 and Item 7 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 SPS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. and there is no market for its common equity securities. 
 See Note 5 to the financial statements for further information. 
 The dividends declared during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

(Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 First quarter 53 52 Second quarter 58 79 Third quarter 150 123 Fourth quarter 61 60 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for SPS is omitted per conditions set forth in general instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis and the results of operations for the current year as set forth in general instructions I(2)(a) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that are adjusted from measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 SPS management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate and provide details of SPS core earnings and underlying performance. 
 We believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of SPS. For the years ended Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no such adjustments to GAAP earnings and therefore GAAP earnings equal ongoing earnings. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 2022 Comparison with 2021 
 SPS net income was 349 million for 2022, compared with net income of 318 million for 2021. The increase was largely related to regulatory rate outcomes, strong sales growth and favorable weather, partially offset by higher depreciation and O M expenses. 
 Electric Margin 
 Electric margin is presented as electric revenues less electric fuel and purchased power expenses. Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas and coal. However, these price fluctuations generally have minimal impact on earnings impact due to fuel recovery mechanisms. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes. 
 Electric Revenues, Fuel and Purchased Power and Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Electric revenues 2,426 2,465 Electric fuel and purchased power (1,157) (1,432) Electric margin 1,269 1,033 
 Changes in Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 vs. 2021 Regulatory rate outcomes (Texas and New Mexico) 138 Revenue recognition for the Texas rate case surcharge (a) 
 85 Sales and demand 48 Estimated impact of weather 24 PTCs flowed back to customers (offset by lower ETR) (30) Other (net) (29) Total increase 236 
 (a) Recognition of revenue from the Texas rate case outcome is largely offset by recognition of previously deferred costs, see Public Utility Regulation and Other for additional information. 
 Non-Fuel Operating Expense and Other Items 
 O M Expenses O M expenses increased 46 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to recognition of previously deferred amounts related to the 2021 Texas rate case; costs for technology and customer programs; inflation and impacts of supply chain constraints; insurance costs; and other. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization increased 88 million year-to-date. The increase is primarily due to the 2021 Texas Rate Case depreciation deferral, capital investment and the implementation of new depreciation rates in Texas and New Mexico. 
 Income Taxes Income tax benefit decreased 6 million for 2022 . This was primarily driven by higher pretax earnings partially offset by an increase in wind PTCs due to an increase in the PTC rate. Wind PTCs are credited to customers (recorded as a reduction to revenue) and do not have a material impact on net income. 
 
 Public Utility Regulation 
 The FERC and state and local regulatory commissions regulate SPS. SPS is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric distribution companies in New Mexico and Texas. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. SPS requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect SPS financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and DSM efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact SPS results of operations and credit quality. 
 See Rate Matters within Note 10 to the financial statements for further 

information. 
 Summary of Regulatory Agencies / RTO and Areas of Jurisdiction Regulatory Body / RTO Additional Information 
 PUCT Retail electric operations, rates, services, construction of transmission or generation and other aspects of SPS electric operations. 
 The municipalities in which SPS operates in Texas have original jurisdiction over rates in those communities. The municipalities rate setting decisions are subject to PUCT review. 
 Reviews and approves Integrated Resource Plans for meeting future energy needs 
 NMPRC Retail electric operations, retail rates and services and the construction of transmission or generation. 
 FERC Wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, the transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with NERC electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce. 
 SPP RTO and SPP Integrated and Wholesale Markets SPS is a transmission owning member of the SPP RTO and operates within the SPP RTO and SPP integrated and wholesale markets. SPS is authorized to make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices. 
 
 Recovery Mechanisms Mechanism Additional Information 
 Distribution Cost Recovery Factor Recovers distribution costs not included in rates in Texas. 
 Energy Efficiency Cost Recovery Factor Recovers costs for energy efficiency programs in Texas. 
 Energy Efficiency Rider Recovers costs for energy efficiency programs in New Mexico. 
 Fuel and Purchased Power Cost Adjustment Clause Adjusts monthly to recover actual fuel and purchased power costs in New Mexico. 
 Power Cost Recovery Factor Allows recovery of purchased power costs not included in Texas rates. 
 Renewable Portfolio Standards Recovers deferred costs for renewable energy programs in New Mexico. 
 Transmission Cost Recovery Factor Recovers certain transmission infrastructure improvement costs and changes in wholesale transmission charges not included in Texas base rates. 
 Fixed Fuel and Purchased Recovery Factor Provides for the over- or under-recovery of energy expenses in Texas. Regulations require refunding or surcharging over- or under- recovery amounts, including interest, when they exceed 4 of the utility s annual fuel and purchased energy costs on a rolling 12-month basis, if this condition is expected to continue. 
 Wholesale Fuel and Purchased Energy Cost Adjustment SPS recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from its wholesale customers through a monthly wholesale fuel and purchased energy cost adjustment clause accepted by the FERC. Wholesale customers also pay the jurisdictional allocation of production costs. 
 Electric Vehicle Rider Recovers costs of the Transportation Electrification Plan in New Mexico. Advanced Metering System Surcharge Recovers costs incurred in deployment of the Advanced Metering System in Texas. Consulting Fee Rider Recovers consulting fees and carrying charges incurred by SPS on behalf of the PUCT. 
 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 2021 Texas Electric Rate Case In May 2022, the PUCT approved a settlement between SPS and intervening parties. 
 In July 2022, SPS filed to surcharge the final under-recovered amount, estimated to be approximately 85 million, substantially offset by the recognition of previously deferred costs. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Revenue surcharge accrual 85 Depreciation and amortization (43) O M expenses (16) Interest expense (12) Taxes other than income taxes (10) Fuel and purchased power (2) 
 2022 New Mexico Electric Rate Case In November 2022, SPS filed an electric rate case with NMPRC seeking a revenue increase of 78 million, or 10 . The request is based on a future test year ending June 30, 2024, a ROE of 10.75 , an equity ratio of 54.7 and rate base of 2.4 billion. Additionally, the request reflects further acceleration of the Tolk coal plant depreciation life from 2032 to 2028. 
 Next steps in the procedural schedule are expected to be as follows: 
 Staff and intervenor testimony: March 31, 2023. 
 Rebuttal testimony: April 25, 2023. 
 Stipulation: May 8, 2023. 
 Hearing: June 5, 2023. 
 End of rate suspension: Sept. 19, 2023. 
 2023 Texas Electric Rate Case On Feb. 8, 2023, SPS filed an electric rate case with the PUCT seeking an increase in base rate revenue of 149 million. The impact to overall customer bills is expected to be approximately 13 . The request is based on a historical test year period ended Sept. 30, 2022, with an Update Period ended Dec. 31, 2022, a ROE of 10.65 , an equity ratio of 54.6 and retail rate base of 3.6 billion. Additionally, the request reflects further acceleration of the Tolk coal plant depreciation life from 2034 to 2028. 
 SPS is requesting a surcharge from July 13, 2023 through the effective date of new base rates. A PUCT decision is expected in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Contract Termination SPS and LP L are parties to a 25-year, 170 MW partial requirements contract. In May 2021, SPS and LP L finalized a settlement which would terminate the contract upon LP L s move from the SPP to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (expected in 2023). The settlement agreement requires LP L to pay SPS 78 million (lump sum or annual installments), to the benefit of SPS remaining customers. LP L would remain obligated to pay for SPP transmission charges associated with LP L s load in SPP. The agreement is subject to approval by the PUCT and FERC. 
 2022 All-Source RFP In 2022, SPS issued an RFP, which seeks up to 947 MW of new or existing capacity resources to provide replacement capacity for retiring units and meet SPS growing capacity needs through 2027. SPS will receive bids in the first quarter of 2023 and file for the approval of successful proposals in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Purchased Power Arrangements and Transmission Service Providers 
 SPS expects to use electric generating stations, power purchases, DSM and new generation options to meet its system capacity requirements. 
 Purchased Power SPS purchases power from other utilities and IPPs. Long-term purchased power contracts typically require periodic capacity and energy charges. SPS also makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements to replace owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations or obtain energy at a lower cost. 
 Purchased Transmission Services SPS has contractual arrangements with SPP and regional transmission service providers to deliver power and energy to its native load customers. 

Natural Gas 
 SPS does not provide retail natural gas service, but purchases and transports natural gas for its generation facilities and operates limited natural gas pipeline facilities connecting the generation facilities to interstate natural gas pipelines. SPS is subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC with respect to natural gas transactions in interstate commerce and the PHMSA and PUCT for pipeline safety compliance. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Marketing Operations 
 SPS conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. SPS uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price and credit risk and to hedge sales and purchases. 
 
 Other 
 Supply Chain 
 Xcel Energy s ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. 
 These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. SPS continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 
 Electric Distribution and Transmission Transformers 
 The availability of certain transformers is an industry-wide issue that has been significantly impacted and in some cases may result in delays in projects and new customer connections. SPS continues to seek alternative suppliers and prioritize work plans to mitigate impacts of supply constraints. 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 In August 2022, the IRA was signed into law. 
 Key provisions impacting SPS include: 
 Extends current PTC and ITC for renewable technologies (e.g., wind and solar). 
 Restores full value of the PTC and ITC for qualifying facilities placed in-service after 2021. 
 Creates a PTC for solar and clean hydrogen. 
 Establishes an ITC for energy storage, microgrids, interconnection facilities, etc. 
 Allows companies to monetize or sell credits to unrelated parties. 
 SPS anticipates the IRA will drive significant customer savings for both new and existing Company owned renewable projects, assuming appropriate regulatory mechanisms and development of a market for the sale of tax credits. The IRA is expected to allow SPS to monetize tax credits more efficiently with the incremental benefits passed through to customers. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Winter Storm Uri 
 In February 2021, the United States experienced Winter Storm Uri. Extreme cold temperatures impacted certain operational assets as well as the availability of renewable generation. The cold weather also affected the country s supply and demand for natural gas. These factors contributed to extremely high market prices for natural gas and electricity. As a result of the extremely high market prices, SPS incurred net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs of approximately 100 million (largely deferred as regulatory assets). SPS currently has regulatory approval for recovery of Winter Storm Uri costs in New Mexico and anticipates a final decision on recovery in Texas in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Texas Regulatory Overview In 2021, SPS filed to recover 88 million of Winter Storm Uri costs over 24 months, as part of the Texas fuel surcharge filing, with total under-recovered costs of 121 million. In April 2022, interim rates designed to recover 121 million over 30 months were approved, subject to PUCT approval through the triennial Fuel Reconciliation proceeding. 
 In July 2022, the intervenors filed recommendations. The Texas Industrial Energy Consumers and PUCT staff recommended disallowances of approximately 10 million (off-system sales margins). The Office of Public Utility Counsel recommended disallowances of approximately 15 million (off-system sales margins and adjustment to energy loss factors). The Alliance of Xcel Municipalities recommended disallowances of approximately 100 million (natural gas storage, contracted capability and off-system sales margins). 
 In November 2022, the Administrative Law Judges found that costs were prudently incurred and recommended no disallowances. A final PUCT decision is anticipated in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Derivatives, Risk Management and Market Risk 
 SPS is exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. Market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value for a particular instrument or commodity. All financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. 
 SPS is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. In addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. While SPS expects that the counterparties will perform on the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose SPS to credit and non-performance risk. 
 Distress in the financial markets may impact counterparty risk and the fair value of the securities in the pension fund. 
 Commodity Price Risk We are exposed to commodity price risk in our electric operations. Commodity price risk is managed by entering into long and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products. 
 Commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. Our risk management policy allows us to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans. 

Wholesale and Commodity Trading Risk SPS conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy and energy-related instruments, including derivatives. SPS risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee. 
 Interest Rate Risk SPS is subject to interest rate risk. SPS risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives. 
 A 100-basis-point change in the benchmark rate on SPS variable rate debt would impact pretax interest expense annually by an immaterial amount in 2022 and approximately 2 million in 2021. 
 The value of pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit costs are impacted by changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets. SPS ongoing pension and postretirement investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to optimize potential investment risk and minimize interest rate risk associated with changes in the obligations as a plan s funded status increases over time. The impacts of fluctuations in interest rates on pension and postretirement costs are mitigated by pension cost calculation methodologies and regulatory mechanisms that minimize the earnings impacts of such changes. 
 Credit Risk SPS is also exposed to credit risk. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties nonperformance on their contractual obligations. SPS maintains credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitors these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations. 
 At Dec. 31, 2022, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 12 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of 12 million. At Dec. 31, 2021, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 3 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of 3 million. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 SPS conducts credit reviews for all wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity counterparties and employs credit risk controls, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, master netting agreements and termination provisions. Credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. Distress in the financial markets could increase SPS credit risk. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Derivative contracts, with the exception of those designated as normal purchases and normal sales, are reported at fair value. SPS investments held in pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See Note 8 and 9 to the financial statements for further information. 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See Item 15-1 for an index of financial statements included herein. 
 See Note 12 to the financial statements for further information. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of SPS is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. SPS internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to Xcel Energy Inc. s and SPS management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 SPS management assessed the effectiveness of SPS internal control over financial reporting as of Dec. 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of Dec. 31, 2022, SPS internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Robert C. Frenzel Brian J. Van Abel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Feb. 23, 2023 Feb. 23, 2023 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholder and the Board of Directors of Southwestern Public Service Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Southwestern Public Service Company (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, comprehensive income, common stockholder's equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 4 and 10 to the financial statements . 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric transmission and distribution companies in New Mexico and Texas. The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with North American Electric Reliability Corporation standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce, (collectively with state utility regulatory agencies, the Commissions ). Management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, including property, plant and equipment, regulatory assets and liabilities, operating revenues and expenses, and income taxes. 
 The Company is subject to regulatory rate setting processes. Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Company s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, the Company s investment in assets required to deliver services to customers. Accounting for the Company s regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. The Commissions regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Decisions by the Commissions in the future will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates and any refunds that may be required. In the rate setting process, the Company s rates result in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. Regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs, (2) a disallowance of part of the cost of recently completed plant, and 3) a refund due to customers. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the Commissions included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the recognition of regulatory assets or liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions for the Company, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural schedules and memorandums, filings made by intervenors, experts testimony and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We also evaluated regulatory filings for any evidence that intervenors are challenging full recovery of the cost of any capital projects. If the full recovery of project costs is being challenged by intervenors, we evaluated management s assessment of the probability of a disallowance. We evaluated the external information and compared to the Company s recorded regulatory assets and liabilities for completeness. 
 We obtained management s analysis and correspondence from counsel, as appropriate, regarding regulatory assets or liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 
 /s/ 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO. 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Operating and maintenance expenses Demand side management expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges includes other financing costs of , and , respectively 
 Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in millions) Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Accrued unbilled revenues ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepayments and other ) ) Accounts payable Net regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) ) Other current liabilities ) Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Utility capital/construction expenditures ) ) ) Investments in utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Receipts from utility money pool arrangement Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities (Repayments of) proceeds from short-term borrowings, net ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Capital contributions from parent Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) ) Cash received for income taxes, net Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Dec. 31 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepaid taxes Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Short-term debt Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Derivative instruments Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capitalization Long-term debt Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and Dec. 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO. 
 STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Issued Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total 
 Common 
 Stockholder s 
 Equity 
 Shares Par Value Additional 
 Paid In 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Balance at Dec. 31, 2019 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2020 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2021 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

26 

Table of Contents 

 i n 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 See Note 3 for further information. 

See Note 10 for further information. 
 months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Fuel Total inventories 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Other Utility Items 
 
 months, revenue is recognized equal to the revenue requirement, which may include incentives and return on rate base items. Billing amounts are revised periodically for differences between total amount collected and revenue earned, which may increase or decrease the level of revenue collected from customers. Alternative revenues arising from these programs are presented on a gross basis and disclosed separately from revenue from contracts with customers. 
 See Note 6 for further information. 
 Conservation Programs SPS has implemented programs in its jurisdictions to assist customers in conserving energy and reducing peak demand on the electric system. These programs include commercial motor, air conditioner and lighting upgrades, as well as residential rebates for participation in air conditioner interruption and home weatherization. 
 The costs incurred for some DSM programs are deferred as permitted by the applicable regulatory jurisdiction. For those programs, costs are deferred if it is probable future revenue will be provided to permit recovery of the incurred cost. Revenues recognized for incentive programs designed for recovery of lost margins and/or conservation performance incentives are limited to amounts expected to be collected within 24 months from the annual period in which they are earned. SPS recovers approved conservation program costs in base rate revenue or through a rider. 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

3. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 Plant to be retired (a) 
 CWIP Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (a) 

28 

Table of Contents 

 4. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Net AROs (b) 
 1, 10 Various Excess deferred taxes TCJA 7 Various Recoverable deferred taxes on AFUDC Plant lives Deferred natural gas and electric energy/fuel costs One to three years 
 Losses on reacquired debt Term of related debt Texas revenue surcharges One year 
 Other Various Total regulatory assets 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Plant removal costs 1, 10 Various Effects of regulation on employee benefit costs Various Renewable resources and environmental initiatives Various Formula rates One to two years 
 Contract valuation adjustments (c) 
 1, 8 One to two years 
 Other Various Total regulatory liabilities 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 million and million at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of past expenditures not earning a return. Amounts are predominately related to losses on reacquired debt, rate case expenses, and transmission-related deferrals and amortizations. 
 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at end of period N/A N/A N/A 

29 

Table of Contents 

Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at end of period 
 Letters of Credit SPS may use letters of credit, typically with terms of , to provide financial guarantees for certain operating obligations. At both Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. The contract amounts of these letters of credit approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
 Credit Facility In order to use its commercial paper program to fulfill short-term funding needs, SPS must have a revolving credit facility in place at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper in an aggregate amount exceeding available capacity under this credit facility. The line of credit provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
 
 (a) . 
 
 The credit facility has a cross-default provision that SPS would be in default on its borrowings under the facility if SPS or any of its future significant subsidiaries whose total assets exceed of SPS total assets default on indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding million. 
 If SPS does not comply with the covenant, an event of default may be declared, and if not remedied, any outstanding amounts due under the facility can be declared due by the lender. As of Dec. 31, 2022, SPS was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. SPS had direct advances on the facility outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Long-Term Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
 Generally, the property of SPS is subject to the lien of its first mortgage indenture for the benefit of bondholders. Debt premiums, discounts and expenses are amortized over the life of the related debt. The premiums, discounts and expenses for refinanced debt are deferred and amortized over the life of the new issuance. 
 June 15, 2024 First mortgage bonds June 15, 2024 Unsecured senior notes Oct. 1, 2033 Unsecured senior notes Oct. 1, 2036 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2041 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2041 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2041 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2046 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2047 First mortgage bonds Nov. 15, 2048 First mortgage bonds 
 June 15, 2049 First mortgage bonds May 1, 2050 First mortgage bonds (a) 
 May 1, 2050 First mortgage bonds (b) 
 June 1, 2052 Unamortized discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (a) 
 (b) . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs of approximately million and million, net of amortization, are presented as a deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. SPS is amortizing these financing costs over the remaining maturity periods of the related debt. 
 Capital Stock 
 
 Dividend Restrictions SPS dividends are subject to the FERC s jurisdiction, which prohibits the payment of dividends out of capital accounts. Dividends are solely to be paid from retained earnings. SPS is required to be current on particular interest payments before dividends can be paid. 
 SPS state regulatory commissions additionally impose dividend limitations, which are more restrictive than those imposed by the FERC. 

30 

Table of Contents 

(a) 
 Unrestricted Retained Earnings Total Capitalization Limit on Total Capitalization (a) 
 million million N/A 

6. Revenues 

C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 
 7. Income Taxes 
 
 State income tax on pretax income, net of federal tax effect Increases (decreases) in tax from: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of excess nonplant deferred taxes ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective income tax rate ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 ) ) Current state tax benefit ) ) ) Deferred federal tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred state tax expense Deferred change in unrecognized tax expense Total income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 Components of deferred income tax expense as of Dec. 31: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Deferred tax expense (benefit) excluding items below ) Amortization and adjustments to deferred income taxes on income tax regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) 
 Operating lease assets Regulatory assets Deferred fuel costs Pension expense Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Operating lease liabilities Regulatory liabilities Tax credit carryforward NOL carryforward Other employee benefits Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liability 
 (a) 
 Other Income Tax Matters 
 Federal tax credit carryforwards State NOL carryforwards 
 Federal carryforward periods expire starting 2033 and state carryforward periods expire starting 2034. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the statute of limitations related to the federal tax credit carryforwards will remain open until those credits are utilized in subsequent returns. Further, the statute of limitations related to the additional federal tax loss carryback claim filed in 2020 has been extended. Xcel Energy has recognized its best estimate of income tax expense that will result from a final resolution of this issue; however, the outcome and timing of a resolution is unknown. 
 State Audits SPS is a member of the Xcel Energy affiliated group that files consolidated state income tax returns. As of Dec. 31, 2022, SPS earliest open tax years that are subject to examination by state taxing authorities under applicable statutes of limitations are as follows: 
 State Tax Year(s) Expiration Texas 2016 May 2023 Texas 2017 July 2025 Texas 2018 November 2023 
 In 2021, Texas began an audit of tax years 2016 - 2019. As of Dec. 31, 2022, material adjustments have been proposed. 
 Unrecognized tax benefit balance includes permanent tax positions, which if recognized would affect the ETR. In addition, the unrecognized tax benefit balance includes temporary tax positions for which deductibility is highly certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. A change in the timing of deductibility would not affect the ETR but would accelerate the payment to the taxing authority. 
 Unrecognized tax benefit Temporary tax positions Total unrecognized tax benefit 
 Changes in unrecognized tax benefits: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at Jan. 1 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at Dec. 31 
 ) 
 As the IRS progresses its review of the tax loss carryback claim and as state audits progress, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefit could decrease up to approximately million in the next 12 months. 
 Payable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is partially offset by the interest benefit associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards.) ) Interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits ) (Payable) receivable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits at Dec. 31 ) ) 
 amounts were accrued for penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 8. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 

32 

Table of Contents 

unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading SPS conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy and energy-related instruments, including derivatives. SPS is allowed to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, comprised of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy. 
 Derivative instruments entered into for trading purposes are presented in the statements of income as electric revenues, net of any sharing with customers. These activities are not intended to mitigate commodity price risk associated with regulated electric operations. Sharing of these margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC-approved joint operating agreement. 
 Commodity Derivatives SPS enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric utility operations. This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products and FTRs. 
 The most significant derivative positions outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for this purpose relate to FTR instruments administered by SPP. These instruments are intended to offset the impacts of transmission system congestion. Higher congestion costs in recent years have led to an increase in the fair value of FTRs. Settlements of FTRs are shared with electric customers through fuel and purchased energy cost-recovery mechanisms. 

(a) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations SPS continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement, and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the balance sheets. 
 SPS most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, of SPS most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million or of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services, or Fitch Ratings. 
 of the most significant counterparties, comprising million or of this credit exposure, were not rated by these external ratings agencies, but based on SPS internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. of these significant counterparties, comprising an immaterial amount or less than of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. These eight significant counterparties are municipal or cooperative electric entities, RTOs or other utilities. 
 Recurring Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 Impact of derivative activity: 
 Pre-Tax Fair Value Gains (Losses) Recognized During the Period in: (Millions of Dollars) Regulatory (Assets) and Liabilities Year Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity ) Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity Total Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity ) Total ) 

33 

Table of Contents 

 (a) Total Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity ) (a) Total ) 
 (a) 

An immaterial amount of settlements were recorded in 2020. SPS had no derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Total current derivative assets PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments Noncurrent derivative assets PPAs (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative instruments Current derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments Noncurrent derivative liabilities PPAs (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative instruments 
 (a) obligations to return cash collateral or rights to reclaim cash collateral. Counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 
 (b) 
 Purchases (a) 
 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: Net gains (losses) recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) Balance at Dec. 31 
 (a) 

34 

Table of Contents 

, 2.35 and 2.37 percent in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Some employees may participate under legacy formulas such as the traditional final average pay or pension equity. Xcel Energy s policy is to fully fund into an external trust the actuarially determined pension costs subject to the limitations of applicable employee benefit and tax laws. 
 In addition to the qualified pension plans, Xcel Energy maintains a SERP and a nonqualified pension plan. The SERP is maintained for certain executives who participated in the plan in 2008, when the SERP was closed to new participants. The nonqualified pension plan provides benefits for compensation that is in excess of the limits applicable to the qualified pension plans, with distributions funded by Xcel Energy s consolidated operating cash flows. 
 Obligations of the SERP and nonqualified plan as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, of which 1 million and million was attributable to SPS in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, Xcel Energy recognized net benefit cost for the SERP and nonqualified plans of million and million, respectively, of which immaterial amounts were attributable to SPS. 
 Investment-return assumption considers the expected long-term performance for each of the asset classes in its pension and postretirement health care portfolio. Xcel Energy considers the historical returns achieved by its asset portfolios over long time periods, as well as long-term projected return levels by investment experts. Xcel Energy and SPS continually review pension assumptions. 

. 
 Investment returns in 2021 were above the assumed level of . 
 Investment returns in 2020 were above the assumed level of . 
 In 2023, SPS s expected investment-return assumption is . 
 Pension plan and postretirement benefit assets are invested in a portfolio according to Xcel Energy s return, liquidity and diversification objectives to provide a source of funding for plan obligations and minimize contributions to the plan, within appropriate levels of risk. 
 The principal mechanism for achieving these objectives is the asset allocation given the long-term risk, return, correlation and liquidity characteristics of each particular asset class. 
 There were no significant concentrations of risk in any industry, index, or entity. Market volatility can impact even well-diversified portfolios and significantly affect the return levels achieved by the assets in any year. 
 State agencies also have issued guidelines to the funding of postretirement benefit costs. SPS is required to fund postretirement benefit costs for Texas and New Mexico amounts collected in rates. These assets are invested in a manner consistent with the investment strategy for the pension plan. 
 Xcel Energy s ongoing investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan s funded status increases over time. 
 The investment recommendations consider many factors and generally result in a greater percentage of long-duration fixed income securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios. 

Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Other Total 
 (a) See Note 8 for further information on fair value measurement inputs and methods. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance contracts Commingled funds Debt securities Total 
 (a) 
 No assets were transferred in or out of Level 3 for 2022 or 2021. 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Plan participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Obligation at Dec. 31 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at Jan. 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Plan participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at Dec. 31 Funded status of plans at Dec. 31 Amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet at Dec. 31: Noncurrent assets Noncurrent liabilities ) Net amounts recognized 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Benefit Obligations: 2022 2021 2022 2021 Discount rate for year-end valuation Expected average long-term increase in compensation level N/A N/A Mortality table Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Health care costs trend rate initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Health care costs trend rate initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Years until ultimate trend is reached N/A N/A 
 Accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plan was million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Settlement charge (a) 
 Net periodic pension cost ) ) Effects of regulation ) Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting ) ) Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Costs: Discount rate Expected average long-term increase in compensation level Expected average long-term rate of return on assets 
 million. An immaterial amount was recorded in the income statement in 2022. There were no settlement charges recorded to the qualified pension plans in 2021 or 2020. 
 ) ) Prior service credit ) ) ) Total ) ) Amounts Not Yet Recognized as Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Have Been Recorded as Follows Based Upon Expected Recovery in Rates: Current regulatory assets Noncurrent regulatory assets Current regulatory liabilities ) ) Noncurrent regulatory liabilities ) ) Total ) ) 
 Measurement date Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows Funding requirements can be impacted by changes to actuarial assumptions, actual asset levels and other calculations prescribed by the requirements of income tax and other pension-related regulations. Required contributions were made in 2020 - 2023 to meet minimum funding requirements. 
 Total voluntary and required pension funding contributions across all of Xcel Energy s pension plans were as follows: 
 million in January 2023, of which none was attributable to SPS. 
 million in 2022, of which none was attributable to SPS. 
 million in 2021, of which million was attributable to SPS. 
 million in 2020, of which million was attributable to SPS. 
 For future years, Xcel Energy and SPS anticipate contributions will be made as necessary. 
 The postretirement health care plans have no funding requirements other than fulfilling benefit payment obligations when claims are presented and approved. Additional cash funding requirements are prescribed by certain state and federal rate regulatory authorities. 

Xcel Energy s voluntary postretirement funding contributions, of which the amounts attributable to SPS were immaterial, were as follows: 
 million expected in 2023. 
 million during 2022. 
 million during 2021. 
 million during 2020. 
 Long-duration fixed income securities Short-to-intermediate fixed income securities Alternative investments Cash Total 

37 

Table of Contents 

 significant plan amendments made in 2022 or 2020 which affected the postretirement benefit obligation. 
 In 2021, Xcel Energy amended the Xcel Energy Pension Plan and Xcel Energy Inc. Nonbargaining Pension Plan (South) to reduce supplemental benefits for non-bargaining participants as well as to allow the transfer of a portion of non-qualified pension obligations into the qualified plans. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 (a) Amount is reported net of expected Medicare Part D subsidies, which are immaterial. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 Xcel Energy, which includes SPS, maintains 401(k) and other defined contribution plans that cover most employees. The expense to these plans for SPS was approximately million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

million. No impact to earnings occurred, as the amounts were reimbursed by SPS insurers. An asset has been recorded to reflect the reimbursement within Prepayments and other current assets. 

million. 
 In July 2018, SPS appeal to the D.C. Circuit over the FERC rulings granting SPP the right to recover previously unbilled charges was remanded to the FERC. In February 2019, the FERC reversed its 2016 decision and ordered SPP to refund charges retroactively collected from its transmission customers, including SPS, related to periods before September 2015. In March 2020, SPP and Oklahoma Gas Electric separately filed petitions for review of the FERC s orders at the D.C. Circuit. In August 2021, the D.C. Circuit issued a decision denying these appeals and upholding the FERC s orders. Refunds received by SPS are expected to be given back to SPS customers through future rates. 
 In October 2017, SPS filed a separate related complaint asserting SPP assessed upgrade charges to SPS in violation of the SPP OATT. In March 2018, the FERC issued an order denying the SPS complaint. SPS filed a request for rehearing in April 2018. The FERC issued a tolling order granting a rehearing for further consideration in May 2018. If SPS complaint results in additional charges or refunds, SPS will seek to recover or refund the amount through future SPS customer rates. In October 2020, SPS filed a petition for review of the FERC s March 2018 order and May 2018 tolling order at the D.C. Circuit. In February 2022, FERC issued an order rejecting SPS request for hearing. SPS has appealed that order. That appeal has been combined with SPS prior appeal. 
 PUCT and NMPRC orders related to the Hale and Sagamore wind projects included certain operating and savings minimums. In general, annual generation must exceed a net capacity factor of . If annual generation is below the guaranteed level, SPS would be obligated to refund an amount equal to foregone PTCs and fuel savings. Additionally, retail customer savings must exceed project costs included in base rates over the first ten years of operations. SPS would be required to refund excess costs, if any, after ten years of operations. As of Dec. 31, 2022, the full-year net capacity factor exceeded the guaranteed level, resulting in no refund liability for 2022. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 former disposal site. SPS has recognized its best estimate of costs/liabilities from final resolution of these issues; however, the outcome and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 
 Environmental Requirements Air 
 Reasonable Progress Rule and BART In 2016, the EPA adopted a final rule establishing a federal implementation plan for reasonable further progress under the regional haze program for the state of Texas. The rule imposes SO 2 emission limitations which would require the installation of dry scrubbers on Tolk Units 1 and 2; compliance would have been required by February 2021. SPS appealed the EPA s decision and obtained a stay of the final rule. 
 In October 2020, the TCEQ approved an agreement that SPS will convert the Harrington plant from coal to natural gas by Jan. 1, 2025. 
 
 Wind Distribution Total liability 
 (a) 
 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Jan. 1, 2021 Accretion Dec. 31, 2021 (a) 
 Electric Steam and other production Wind Distribution Total liability 
 (a) AROs were revised in 2021. 

confirmation or measurement of the cost of removal could be determined as of Dec. 31, 2022. Therefore, an ARO has not been recorded for these facilities. 
). SPS has elected to utilize the practical expedient under which non-lease components, such as asset maintenance costs included in payments, are not deducted from minimum lease payments for the purposes of lease accounting and disclosure. 
 Leases with an initial term of months or less are classified as short-term leases and are not recognized on the balance sheet. 
 Other Gross operating lease ROU assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Net operating lease ROU assets 
 Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum obligation Interest component of obligation ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) Noncurrent operating and finance lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term in years 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 PPAs and Fuel Contracts 
 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Capacity and energy payments are contingent on the IPPs meeting contract obligations, including plant availability requirements. Certain contractual payments are adjusted based on market indices. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Fuel Contracts SPS has entered into various long-term commitments for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its coal and natural gas requirements. These contracts expire between 2023 and 2033. SPS is required to pay additional amounts depending on actual quantities shipped under these agreements. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at both Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021 with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2041. 
 Fuel Contracts SPS purchases all of its coal requirements for its Harrington and Tolk plants from TUCO Inc. under contracts that will expire in December 2024 and December 2027, respectively. TUCO arranges for the purchase, receiving, transporting, unloading, handling, crushing, weighing, and delivery of coal to meet SPS requirements. TUCO is responsible for negotiating and administering contracts with coal suppliers, transporters and handlers. 
 
 SPS has determined that TUCO is a VIE, however it has concluded that SPS is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact TUCO s economic performance. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense 
 Accounts receivable and payable with affiliates at Dec. 31 were: 
 2022 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable NSP-Minnesota PSCo Other subsidiaries of Xcel Energy Inc. 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 SPS maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of Dec. 31, 2022, based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of SPS management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that SPS disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in SPS internal control over financial reporting occurred during SPS most recent fiscal quarter ended Dec. 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, SPS internal control over financial reporting. SPS maintains internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting. SPS has evaluated and documented its controls in process activities, general computer activities, and on an entity-wide level. 

During the year and in preparation for issuing its report for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022 on internal controls under section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, SPS conducted testing and monitoring of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on the control evaluation, testing and remediation performed, SPS did not identify any material control weaknesses, as defined under the standards and rules issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as approved by the SEC and as indicated in SPS Management Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting, which is contained in Item 8 herein. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of SPS independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by SPS independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit SPS to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 Items 10, 11 and 12 of Part III of Form 10-K have been omitted from this report for SPS in accordance with conditions set forth in general instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required under this Item is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required under this Item (aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. )) is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 1 Financial Statements Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting For the year ended Dec. 31, 2022. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements 
 Statements of Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Statements of Cash Flows For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Balance Sheets As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for each of the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 3 Exhibits Indicates incorporation by reference + Executive Compensation Arrangements and Benefit Plans Covering Executive Officers and Directors 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated Sept. 30, 1997 
 SPS Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 3.01 3.02 
 By-Laws of SPS as Amended and Restated on Jan. 25, 2019 
 SPS Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 4.01 
 Indenture, dated as of Feb. 1, 1999, by and between SPS and The Chase Manhattan Bank , as T ru s tee 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Feb. 25, 1999 99.2 4.02 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of Oct. 1, 2003, by and between SPS and JPMorgan , Chase Bank, as successor to The Chase Manhattan Bank), as Trustee, creating 100 million aggregate principal amount of Series C Notes, 6 due Oct. 1, 2033 and Series D Notes, 6 due Oct. 1, 2033 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2003 4.04 4.03 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of Oct. 1, 2006, by and between SPS and The Bank of New York, as successor to The Chase Manhattan Bank), as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of Series F Notes, 6 due Oct. 1, 2036 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Oct. 3, 2006 4.01 4.04 
 Indenture, dated as of Aug. 1, 2011, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Aug. 10, 2011 4.01 4.05 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of Aug. 3, 2011, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 200 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 1 due Aug. 15, 2041 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Aug. 10, 2011 4.02 4.06 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of June 1, 2014, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 150 million aggregate principal amount of 3.30 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 3 due June 15, 2024 
 SPS Form 8-K dated June 9, 2014 4.02 4.07 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of Aug. 1, 2016, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.40 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 4 due Aug. 15, 2046 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Aug. 12, 2016 4.02 4.08 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of Aug. 1, 2017, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 450 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 5 due Aug. 15 2047 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Aug. 9, 2017 4.02 4.09 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 6, dated as of Oct. 1, 2018, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.40 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 6 due Nov. 15, 2048 
 SPS Form 8-K dated Nov. 5, 2018 4.02 4.10 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of June 1, 2019, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 7 due June 15, 2049 
 SPS Form 8-K dated June 18, 2019 4.02 4.11 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 8, dated as of May 1, 2020, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee , creating 600 million aggregate principal amount of 3.15 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 8 due May 1, 2050 
 SPS Form 8-K dated May 18, 2020 4.02 4.12 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 9, dated as of May 1, 2022, by and between SPS and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, creating 200 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 9 due June 1, 2052 
 SPS Form 8-K dated May 31, 2022 10.01 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Pension Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.02 10.02 + 
 Xcel Energy Senior Executive Severance and Change-in-Control Policy (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.05 10.03 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated Oct. 26, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.18 10.04 + 
 Fifth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 3, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 10.01 10.05 + 
 Seventh Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 7, 2018 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 10.01 10.06 + 
 Eighth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated March 31, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 10.02 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 10.07 + 
 Ninth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 22, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.01 10.08 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated Jan. 1, 2009 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.17 10.09 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective Feb. 17, 2010) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 6, 2010 Appendix A 10.10 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.09 dated Feb. 20, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 10.01 10.11 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Award Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2009 10.08 10.12 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.07 10.13 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 effective Nov. 29, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.17 10.14 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated May 21, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013 10.22 10.15 + 
 Third Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Sept. 30, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2016 10.01 10.16 + 
 Fourth Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Oct. 23, 2017 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 10.1 10.17 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.34 10.18 + 
 Form of Terms and Conditions under the Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Awards of Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.35 10.19 + 
 Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units under the Xcel Energy Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan Award Agreement for awards since 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2019 10.32 10.20 + 
 Stock Equivalent Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as amended and restated effective Feb. 23, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2011 Appendix A 10.21 + 
 Stock Equivalent Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. under the Xcel Energy Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated May 26, 2015 10.02 10.22 + 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation, effective as of Oct. 1, 2021 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2021 
 10.01 10.23 + 
 Stock Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as Amended and Restated on Dec. 12, 2017 under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.36 10.24 + 
 Form of Services Agreement between Xcel Energy Services Inc. and utility companies 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form U5B dated Nov. 16, 2000 H-1 10.25 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of Sept. 19, 2022, among SPS, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Syndication Agents, and Citibank, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated Sept. 19, 2022 99.04 23.01 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.01 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

SCHEDULE II 
 Additions charged to costs and expenses Additions charged to other accounts (a) 
 Deductions from reserves (b) 
 ) ) ) Balance at Dec. 31 
 (a) 

. 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY Feb. 23, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated above. 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ ADRIAN J. RODRIGUEZ Robert C. Frenzel Adrian J. Rodriguez Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(D) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 
 SPS has not sent, and does not expect to send, an annual report or proxy statement to its security holder. 
 
 44 

<EX-23.01>
 2
 spsex230110-k2022.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

Exhibit 23.01 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255446-01 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Southwestern Public Service Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southwestern Public Service Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 3
 spsex310110-k2022.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Southwestern Public Service Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 4
 spsex310210-k2022.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Southwestern Public Service Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 5
 spsex320110-k2022.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Southwestern Public Service Company (SPS) on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-K), each of the undersigned officers of SPS certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SPS as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-K. 
 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to SPS and will be retained by SPS and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sps-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sps-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sps-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sps-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sps-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

