<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1841024_0001104659-23-040151.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5826419</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>573257</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>942472</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1828742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002245</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1364975</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-040151.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-040151
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841024
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40196
		FILM NUMBER:		23787454

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 MARINA VIEW
		STREET 2:		ASIA SQUARE TOWER 1, #41-03
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018960
		BUSINESS PHONE:		65 6672 7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 MARINA VIEW
		STREET 2:		ASIA SQUARE TOWER 1, #41-03
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018960

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-040151.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 lcaau-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Capital Market Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price for such shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq on such date, was approximately million. There were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of the registrant outstanding on March 30 , 2023. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 5 Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 29 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 62 Item 2. Properties. 62 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 62 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 62 PART II 63 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 63 Item 6. [Reserved]. 64 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 64 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 67 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 67 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 67 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 67 Item 9B. Other Information. 68 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 69 PART III 69 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 69 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 76 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 77 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 78 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 80 PART IV 81 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 81 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, LCAA, our, us or we refer to L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 5, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References to our Sponsor refer to LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, which is directly or indirectly wholly owned by L Catterton Asia 3. References to initial shareholders refer to our Sponsor, Chinta Bhagat, Scott Chen, Howard Steyn, Sanford Martin Litvack, Frank N. Newman and Anish Melwani. References to equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. References to the SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to public shares are to shares of our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. References to public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares. References to U.S. Holder are to a beneficial owner of our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants who or that is, for United States federal income tax purposes: an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; an estate whose income is subject to United States federal income tax regardless of its source; or a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report may constitute forward looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance following the initial public offering. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described below in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors in this Report. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Report: We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. There is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may be subject to the 1 excise tax instituted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions we conduct after December 31, 2022. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Changes in applicable laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including its ability to negotiate and complete its initial business combination and results of operations. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure and could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. The requirement that we complete an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our shares of Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. Provisions in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business General We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We are currently in the process of selecting a suitable business combination target following our acquisition criteria. While we may pursue an initial target business in any industry or sector, we intend to focus our search in high-growth, consumer technology sectors across Asia. Recent Developments Entry into the Merger Agreement On January 31, 2023, LCAA, Lotus Technology Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands Lotus Tech ), Lotus Temp Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 1 ), and Lotus EV Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 2 entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into LCAA (the First Merger ), with LCAA surviving the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the surviving entity of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 ), and (ii) immediately following the consummation of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 will merge with and into Merger Sub 2 (the Second Merger , and together with the First Merger, collectively, the Mergers ), with Merger Sub 2 surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Mergers, collectively, the Business Combination ). Extension Proposal On March 10, 2022, LCAA held its extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting to vote on the proposals set forth in the definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2023, including, a proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter to the form of second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must (1) consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which we refer to as our initial business combination, (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination and (3) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on March 15, 2021 (the IPO and such Class A Ordinary Shares, public shares if it fails to complete such initial business combination, from March 15, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to June 15, 2023 (the Extended Date and to allow the board of directors of the Company the Board ), without another shareholder vote, to elect to further extend the date to consummate an initial business combination after the Extended Date up to nine times, by an additional month each time, upon five days advance written notice prior to the applicable deadline, up to March 15, 2024 (the Additional Extension Date or such earlier date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the Extension, and such proposal, the Extension Proposal ). The Extension Proposal was approved by the shareholders. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposal, the holders of 6,867,252 or around 24 of the Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 70,200,753.82. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of the approval of the Extension Proposal and the implementation of the Extension, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP or its designee(s) or affiliate(s) (the Lender shall contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution ), which was (i) the lesser of (a) 990,000 or (b) 0.09 for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for the three-month extension from the Original Termination Date to the Extended Date (the Initial Extension Contribution and thereafter, to the extent necessary and as applicable, shall contribute (ii) the lesser of (a) 330,000 and (b) 0.03 into the trust account for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for each subsequent one-month extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date (the Subsequent Extension Contribution until the earlier of (i) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination, and (ii) the date that the Initial Extension Contribution and the Subsequent Extension Contribution for each subsequent one-month extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date, if applicable, have been loaned. Each Contribution will be deposited in the Trust Account within 5 business days of the beginning of the extended period which such Contribution is for. The Contribution(s) will bear no interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Lender upon consummation of an initial business combination. The loans will be forgiven by the Lender if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any available funds held outside of the Trust Account. Our Company and Sponsor We are led by Mr. Chinta Bhagat (Co-CEO), and Mr. Scott Chen (Co-CEO), both of whom are Managing Partners of L Catterton Asia, a wholly-owned fund platform of L Catterton and an important member of the L Catterton family of funds. L Catterton is one of the largest and most experienced consumer-focused investment firms in the world, with over 30 billion in equity capital under management. Since its founding in 1989, the firm has focused exclusively on building iconic and enduring consumer brands. L Catterton seeks to partner with differentiated brands in advantaged categories using a highly thesis-driven approach, focusing specifically on attractive and high-growth opportunities with long-term value creation potential. To date, L Catterton has invested in over 250 companies across its fund platforms, which include: L Catterton Flagship focused on growth / mature stage consumer opportunities in North America; L Catterton Asia focused on growth / mature stage consumer opportunities in Asia; L Catterton Growth focused on early growth stage consumer and consumer technology opportunities in North America and Europe; L Catterton Latin America focused on growth stage consumer opportunities in Latin America; L Catterton Europe focused on growth stage consumer opportunities in Europe; and L Catterton Real Estate focused on mixed-use real-estate projects anchored by luxury retail. 
 Our sponsor, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP, is controlled directly or indirectly by L Catterton Asia 3, the third Asia-focused growth fund raised by L Catterton Asia. We will target IPO-ready companies as part of the investment program of L Catterton Asia 3. As a core component of this platform, we will have full access to the capabilities, relationships and resources of L Catterton in Asia and globally. Launched in 2009, L Catterton Asia is the largest Pan-Asian consumer-focused private equity firm that operates within a global firm. Headquartered in Singapore, L Catterton Asia has strong regional presence with local offices and teams in Beijing, Mumbai, Shanghai, Sydney, and Tokyo. L Catterton Asia combines its primary market knowledge with L Catterton s domain expertise to drive its category selection and invests in distinctive fast growing consumer businesses in Asia. L Catterton has established a highly differentiated network that is distinguished by the combination of its extensive global reach and its deep regional connectivity. The global success of L Catterton is driven by approximately 60 partners across 17 offices worldwide. Each partner has the extensive regional connectivity critical to identifying the next-generation of consumer-focused companies in their geographies, as well as the global sector outlook that is needed to build category-defining global leaders. These partners are supported by a team of over 200 investment and operational professionals who manage the sourcing and evaluation of opportunities and provide extensive transactional support. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 L Catterton has also developed a reputation as a long-term value-added partner, demonstrating a history of fully aligning with management teams. The firm has a pool of operational professionals across the globe to partner with portfolio companies to implement strategic growth plans, leverage deep consumer insights, provide operational excellence guidance, and introduce strategic partnership opportunities. In addition, L Catterton has a proprietary strategic relationship with LVMH Mo t Hennessy Louis Vuitton LVMH ), the world s largest luxury conglomerate. LVMH is both a minority owner in L Catterton and a significant investor in the family of L Catterton funds. As part of the ongoing partnership, L Catterton enjoys a special relationship with LVMH and its family of over 75 global brands, with both organizations actively collaborating in areas such as consumer insights, brand strategies, retail expansion and economies of scale across the collective portfolio. Notably, LVMH is a shareholder of L Catterton and is committed to the success of the L Catterton platform. Our Management Team Our leadership team, consisting of our Co-CEOs and our President, has combined investment experience of over 45 years. Together, they bring a highly complementary set of relationships, sector expertise and regional insights as evidenced by an extensive track record of investing and building disruptive consumer technology businesses. Chinta Bhagat Co-CEO Mr. Bhagat is Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Executive Officer at L Catterton Asia, which manages approximately 3.3 billion across three funds. Mr. Bhagat joined L Catterton in August 2019, and has been responsible for the end-to-end integration of the Asian franchise into the global firm, underpinned by a recruiting and restructuring program to top-grade the investment, portfolio management, and firm operations functions. He has also overseen investment and divestment of approximately 750 million in this period of time, including leading the firm s investment into Jio Platforms in mid-2020. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Bhagat was Head of Private Markets for South Asia and concurrently head of the global healthcare portfolio at Khazanah Nasional, overseeing a total of approximately 5 billion across a range of private and public market assets. During his time at Khazanah, Mr. Bhagat was involved in several consumer technology and healthcare deals across the Asian region, including Khazanah s significant investment in Fractal (subsequently acquired by Apax Partners), and Ping An Healthcare Technology (subsequently listed on the HKSE). Mr. Bhagat was previously Managing Partner of McKinsey Company s Singapore office, where he spent a total of 14 years, working extensively with principal investors to develop strategies, execute transactions, manage risk, and implement board governance initiatives. Mr. Bhagat holds a degree in Architecture from the University of Mumbai and an M.B.A. in International Business from INSEAD. Scott Chen Co-CEO Mr. Chen is Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Investment Officer at L Catterton Asia, which manages approximately 3.3 billion across three funds. After joining L Catterton in second half 2020, Mr. Chen now chairs L Catterton Asia s Investment Committee and is focused on rejuvenating the firm s investment program and refreshing its investment strategy that best matches Asia Pacific market opportunities, team s capabilities and L Catterton s global expertise. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Chen spent nearly 20 years at TPG investing across the broad consumer and healthcare landscape throughout Asia Pacific, most recently serving as Partner and Managing Director. Over the past decade at TPG, Mr. Chen drove the expansion of TPG s China franchise and led or co-led TPG s investments in Greater China including APM Monaco, DuXiaoman, Novotech PPC, Kangji Medical, United Family Healthcare and Li Ning. Prior to joining TPG, Mr. Chen worked in the Technology Mergers Acquisitions Group of Lehman Brothers in New York. Mr. Chen s current non-profit activities include China Senior Advisor to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation s Strategic Investment Fund, Chairman and Founder of Hope Matters Foundation and China Fellow and member of the Aspen Global Leadership Network of the Aspen Institute. Mr. Chen received a B.S. in Business Administration with honors from University of Colorado. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Howard Steyn President Mr. Steyn is a Partner at L Catterton who leads the firm s global initiatives, driving cross-geography investments and portfolio company expansion. Mr. Steyn, who has been a senior investment professional at L Catterton since September 2007, was previously a Partner at L Catterton Growth. Mr. Steyn has worked on numerous investments during his tenure at the firm and served on the boards of a variety of portfolio companies including Zarbee s, Nature s Variety, and Lily s Kitchen. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Steyn was a Principal in Bain Capital s venture capital and growth equity funds. During his 8 years with Bain Capital, he led investments and worked with management teams to maximize performance in a range of companies from early-stage and growth equity through leveraged buyouts. Prior to Bain Capital, Mr. Steyn worked at McKinsey Company. Mr. Steyn earned an A.B. magna cum laude in Social Studies from Harvard College, and received his M.B.A. with honors from The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania. Our Asia Partners J. Michael Chu Mr. Chu is the Global Co-CEO of L Catterton, a firm he co-founded in 1989, and a member of the Investment Committee of L Catterton Asia. Since its inception, L Catterton has focused exclusively on providing growth equity to well-positioned middle-market consumer firms which operate in attractive and targeted categories of interest. Mr. Chu has been instrumental in shaping the investment strategy of the firm for over three decades as well as in raising and deploying L Catterton s over 22 billion of assets under management. Prior to co-founding L Catterton, Mr. Chu held a variety of financial management positions with The First Pacific Company and Allied Bank International between 1980 and 1989. Mr. Chu received a B.A. with highest honors in Psychology and Economics from Bates College, where he was a member of the Board of Trustees from 1995 to 2013. He is a member of the Committee of 100, the leading Chinese-American philanthropic organization. Toshitaka (Taka) Shimizu Taka Shimizu is a Partner at L Catterton Asia, focusing on the Japanese and Korean markets. Prior to joining L Catterton in 2017, Mr. Shimizu had ten years of private equity experience, as a Principal at Rising Japan Equity (RJE) and as a Director with CLSA Capital Partners Japan dedicated buyout fund, Sunrise Capital. His prior consumer and retail buyout deal experience includes John Master Organics and Baroque Japan Limited. Prior to his private equity career, Mr. Shimizu worked in finance department of British American Tobacco Japan, and started his career at Deloitte as an auditor. He holds Australian Chartered Accounts (C.A.) qualification, graduated with a dual degree of Bachelor of Engineering (Hons.) / Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Queensland and have completed the AMP program at Columbia Business School. Our Global Partners In addition to our management team and the broader L Catterton Asia team, we are further supported by access to the broader resources of L Catterton, which includes approximately 60 partners and over 200 investment and operating professionals globally. We believe that the breadth and reach of these resources is unmatched in the consumer private equity industry and provides us with highly differentiated capabilities. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses: An exceptional management team; The disruption of large incumbent industries or the creation of an entirely new category; 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 A large market opportunity relative to current company size; Best-in-class growth metrics and a clear pathway to generating significant, long-term cash flow. We are not interested in acquiring a company where returns would be driven by financial leverage or valuation arbitrage; Features an attractive financial profile and stable free cash flow, or has the potential to generate stable and sustainable free cash flow in the near future; Is appropriately capitalized and in a strong liquidity position, or will be upon completion of the initial business combination; Preparedness for the scrutiny of public markets, with corporate governance and reporting policies in place; Has a strong, seasoned executive leadership team with a distinguished track record of generating attractive returns and shareholder value; and Is operating at scale and prepared to make the transition to the public markets, but can benefit from the guidance and advice of our management team in developing a clear message describing the business model and investment opportunity to public investors. 
 These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria and guidelines that our management team may deem relevant. We may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement of equity or debt, or a combination of the foregoing. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, including because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating the target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. L Catterton Asia, members of our management team and our independent directors may, directly or indirectly, own or have an interest in the founder shares and/or private placement warrants following the initial public offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. All of the members of our management team are employed by L Catterton. L Catterton is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. We are currently in the process of selecting a suitable business combination target following our acquisition criteria. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Subject to obtaining any necessary approvals from the advisory board of L Catterton Asia 3, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Further, members of our management team are employed by L Catterton or have fiduciary and contractual obligations to other entities that may or may not be affiliated with L Catterton. L Catterton and such other entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If L Catterton or such entities decide to pursue and are successful in procuring any such acquisition opportunity, such opportunity could become unavailable to us. In addition, investment ideas generated within L Catterton may be suitable for both us and for a current or future investment vehicle of L Catterton, including L Catterton Asia 3, and may be directed to such L Catterton investment vehicle rather than to us. Any presentation of such opportunities to L Catterton Asia 3 may present additional conflicts, given L Catterton Asia 3 s significant investment in us and the overlap between members of our management team and L Catterton s management team. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce our interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For the avoidance of doubt, business combination opportunities presented to our officers or directors in the context of their positions with any other entity, including L Catterton, to which they have fiduciary or contractual obligations will in any event be deemed presented to him or her in his or her capacity as a representative of such other entity. L Catterton, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, L Catterton, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with L Catterton, our sponsor, one or more of their respective affiliates, or one or more investors (who may or may not be investors in L Catterton), which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Proposed Business Combination Merger Agreement On January 31, 2023, LCAA, Lotus Tech, Lotus Temp Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 1 ), and Lotus EV Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 2 entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ). 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the First Effective Time ), (i) each of the preferred shares of Lotus Tech that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to such time shall be re-designated and re-classified into one ordinary share par value 0.00001 per share, of Lotus Tech (each, a Lotus Tech Ordinary Share and such conversion, the Preferred Share Conversion (ii) the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Lotus Tech (the Amended Lotus Tech Articles shall be adopted and become effective; (iii) immediately following the Preferred Share Conversion, certain authorized but unissued ordinary share of Lotus Tech shall each be re-designated into shares of a par value of US 0.00001 each of such class or classes (however designated) as the board of directors of Lotus Tech may determine in accordance with the Amended Lotus Tech Articles (the Re-designation and (iv) immediately following the Re-designation, (x) each issued Lotus Tech Ordinary Share shall be recapitalized by way of a repurchase in exchange for issuance of such number of Lotus Tech Ordinary Shares equal to the Recapitalization Factor (as defined below) (the Recapitalization and (y) any options of the Lotus Tech issued and outstanding shall be adjusted such that each such option shall be exercisable for that number of Lotus Tech Ordinary Shares equal to the product of the number of ordinary shares of the Lotus Tech subject to such option immediately prior to the Recapitalization multiplied by the Recapitalization Factor, each of (x) and (y) as described further in the Merger Agreement. Actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above are collectively referred to as the Capital Restructuring. The Recapitalization Factor is a number determined by dividing the Price per Share by 10.00. Price per Share is defined in the Merger Agreement as the amount equal to 5,500,000,000 divided by such amount equal to (i) the aggregate number of shares of the Lotus Tech (a) that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Recapitalization, (b) that are issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of all options and other equity securities of the Lotus Tech that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Recapitalization (whether or not then vested or exercisable, as applicable, and subject to certain exclusions) minus (ii) shares of the Lotus Tech held by the Lotus Tech or any of its subsidiaries (if applicable) as treasury shares. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the First Effective Time, each Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of SPAC (each, a SPAC Class B Ordinary Share shall be automatically converted into one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of SPAC (each, a SPAC Class A Ordinary Share , together with SPAC Class B Ordinary Share, collectively, SPAC Shares (such automatic conversion, the SPAC Class B Conversion and shall no longer be issued and outstanding and shall be cancelled. In addition, at the First Effective Time: (i) each of SPAC s units Units (each consisting of one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a SPAC Warrant (as defined below)) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a SPAC Warrant in accordance with the terms of the applicable Unit (the Unit Separation provided that no fractional SPAC Warrant shall be issued in connection with the Unit Separation such that if a holder of such Units would be entitled to receive a fractional SPAC Warrant upon the Unit Separation, the number of SPAC Warrants to be issued to such holder upon the Unit Separation will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of SPAC Warrants; (ii) immediately following the Unit Separation, each SPAC Class A Ordinary Share (including SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (a) issued in connection with the SPAC Class B Conversion and (b) held as a result of the Unit Separation) and each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share (excluding treasury shares held by SPAC or any of its subsidiaries (if applicable), SPAC Shares that are held by SPAC shareholders that validly exercise their redemption rights, SPAC Shares that are held by SPAC shareholders that exercise and perfect their relevant dissenters rights) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall be cancelled and cease to exist and each holder thereof shall be entitled to receive one newly issued Lotus Tech Ordinary Share; and (iii) each warrant issued by SPAC to acquire SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (each, a SPAC Warrant (including the SPAC Warrants held a result of the Unit Separation) outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall cease to be a warrant with respect to SPAC Shares and be assumed by the Lotus Tech and converted into a warrant to purchase one Lotus Tech Ordinary Share, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions prior to the First Effective Time. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) at the First Effective Time, each ordinary share, par value US 0.00001 per share, of Merger Sub 1 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding and continue existing and constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of Surviving Entity 1 and shall not be affected by the First Merger; (ii) at the Second Effective Time, (a) each ordinary share of Surviving Entity 1 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and cease to exist without any payment therefor; and (b) each ordinary share, par value US 0.00001 per share, of Merger Sub 2 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding and continue existing and constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of Surviving Entity 2 and shall not be affected by the Second Merger. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Lotus Tech Agreements Concurrently with the parties entry into of the Merger Agreement, (i) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech has entered into a distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement with Lotus Cars Limited, the entity carrying out Lotus s sportscar manufacturing operations and a indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Advance Technologies Sdn Bhd, pursuant to which such wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech is appointed the global distributor for Lotus Cars Limited for vehicles, parts and certain tools, and, in connection with its role as global distributor, will provide after sale services for the vehicles, parts and tools distributed, and (ii) Lotus Tech has entered into a put option agreement (each, a Put Option Agreement with Geely International (Hong Kong) Limited Geely and Etika Automotive Sdn Bhd Etika ), pursuant to which each of Geely and Etika will be granted a put option (which can be exercised independently and is not conditioned upon the exercise of such put option by the other option holder) to require Lotus Tech to purchase at a pre-agreed price, at a future date and upon satisfaction of certain pre-agreed conditions, the equity interests held by Geely and Etika in Lotus Advance Technologies Sdn Bhd. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 2.1. The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties to the Merger Agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Merger Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Merger Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in LCAA s public disclosures. Other Agreements Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, LCAA, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP Sponsor ), certain shareholders of LCAA (together with Sponsor, collectively, the Founder Shareholders and Louts Tech entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which each Founder Shareholder has agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein: (i) to vote in favor of the Transactions and the other transaction proposals; (ii) to waive anti-dilution rights it held in respect of SPAC Class B Shares under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of LCAA, (iii) to appear at the extraordinary general meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (iv) to vote against any proposals that would materially impede the Transactions; (v) to appoint Lotus Tech as the Founder Shareholders proxy and attorney-in-fact with respect to approval of the Transactions; (vi) not to redeem any SPAC Shares held by such Founder Shareholder, (vii) not to amend that certain letter agreement between LCAA, Sponsor and certain other parties thereto, dated as of March 10, 2021, (viii) during the interim period and for a period following the Closing, not to transfer any SPAC Shares or SPAC Warrants (including any SPAC Shares or SPAC Warrants or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any SPAC Shares or SPAC Warrants) acquired by such Founder Shareholder, subject to certain exceptions, including the early-release of SPAC Warrants from post-Closing lock-up as discussed below; and (ix) to unconditionally and irrevocably waive the dissenters rights pursuant to the applicable laws in connection with the Transactions and the Merger Agreement. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Sponsor also agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause certain affiliates of Sponsor as may be approved by the Lotus Tech from time to time to participate in the PIPE Financing, and (ii) facilitate discussions between the Lotus Tech, on the one hand, and entities holding brands that may be approved by the Lotus Tech from time to time (each, a Cooperating Entity (including, without limitation, in connection with product development, marketing, customer engagement, retail space, and technology infrastructure development). In connection with the foregoing clause (i), for every one dollar committed by such affiliates of Sponsor as may be approved by the Lotus Tech from time to time in the PIPE Financing, one Lotus Tech Warrant held by Sponsor immediately after the First Effective Time will not be subject to the lock-up restrictions under the Sponsor Support Agreement following the Closing. Some of the SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares held by Sponsor as of the date of the Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Shares will be subject to forfeiture and earn-out restrictions pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement. 20 of the Sponsor Shares will be forfeited unless certain affiliates of Sponsor as may be approved by the Lotus Tech from time to time participate in the PIPE Financing, and another 10 of the Sponsor Shares will remain unvested at the Closing and become vested upon the commencement or official announcement of any business collaborations facilitated by Sponsor or Sponsor s affiliates between the Lotus Tech or its applicable affiliates, on the one hand, and any Cooperating Entity, on the other hand. In addition, at the request of the Lotus Tech, Sponsor will on the Closing Date transfer, directly or indirectly, to one or more shareholders of SPAC up to 5 of the Sponsor Shares as consideration to induce such shareholder(s) of SPAC to waive its redemption rights (including by having such SPAC shareholder enter into, execute and deliver a non-redemption agreement) in connection with SPAC shareholders approval of the Business Combination (or approval of the Business Combination and the proposal to extend the deadline by which SPAC must consummate its initial business combination, as mutually agreed between the Lotus Tech and SPAC). The foregoing description of the Sponsor Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Support Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.9. Shareholder Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, LCAA, Lotus Tech and certain of the shareholders of Lotus Tech entered into a shareholder support agreement (the Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which certain shareholders holding sufficient number, type and classes of the issued and outstanding shares of Lotus Tech to approve the Transactions have each agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein: (i) to vote in favor of of the Transactions; (ii) to appear at the shareholders meeting of Lotus Tech in person or by proxy for purposes of counting towards a quorum; (iii) to vote against any proposals that would or would be reasonably likely to in any material respect impede the Transactions; (iv) to appoint Lotus Tech as such shareholder s proxy and attorney-in-fact with respect to approval of the Transactions; and (v) during the interim period and for a period following the Closing, not to transfer any Lotus Tech shares held by such shareholder, subject to certain exceptions. The foregoing description of the Shareholder Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Shareholder Support Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.10. Form of Registration Rights Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, Lotus Tech, LCAA, the Founder Shareholders and potentially certain shareholders of Lotus Tech will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, Lotus Tech will agree to undertake certain resale shelf registration obligations in accordance with the Securities Act and the Founder Shareholders and potentially certain shareholders of Lotus Tech will be granted customary demand and piggyback registration rights. The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.11. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement At the Closing, LCAA, Lotus Tech and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental will enter into an assignment, assumption and amendment agreement (the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, LCAA will assign all of its rights, interests and obligations in its existing warrant agreement with Continental (the Warrant Agreement to Lotus Tech, and the Warrant Agreement will be amended to change all references to LCAA to Lotus Tech and so that each warrant will represent the right to receive one whole Lotus Tech Ordinary Share. The foregoing description of the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.12. Form of Lock-Up Agreement Prior to the Closing, Lotus Tech will deliver or cause to be delivered (or, with respect to certain shareholders of Lotus Tech that are not parties to the Shareholder Support Agreement, use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered) lock-up agreements (each, a Lock-Up Agreement executed by shareholders of Lotus Tech that are not parties to the Shareholder Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, each such Lotus Tech shareholder agrees not to transfer, for the period specified in the Lock-Up Agreements, certain Lotus Tech Ordinary Shares such Lotus Tech shareholder (as applicable) will hold following the Closing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Lock-Up Agreement. The foregoing description of the Lock-Up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Lock-Up Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.13. Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, LCAA and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, in its capacity as the representative of the underwriters in LCAA s initial public offering (the Underwriter ), entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which, the deferred underwriting fee payable to the Underwriter under the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, between LCAA and the Underwriter, is amended. The foregoing description of the Letter Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Letter Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.14. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Corporate Information We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 294,738,916 , after payment of a total of 5,730,175 underwriting discounts and commissions and 709,897 for other costs and expenses , we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We are still in the process of selecting a suitable business combination target following our acquisition criteria. There is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. Subject to obtaining any necessary approvals from the advisory board of L Catterton Asia 3, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on Redemptions Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon the completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need a certain number of public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon the completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination. The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable: 

Redemptions in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by Our Affiliates Redemptions if We Fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination Calculation of redemption price Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Impact to remaining shareholders The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 8 Marina View, Asia Square Tower 1 #41-03, Singapore. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. On March 10, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through the initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 There is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report. W e have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of an initial business combination. Management s plans to address this need for capital through the initial public offering are discussed in the section of this Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate the initial public offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. Past performance by L Catterton, L Catterton Asia, our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of L Catterton, L Catterton Asia, our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. We may be subject to the 1 excise tax instituted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions we conduct after December 31, 2022. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase we conduct after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination or otherwise inhibit our ability to complete a business combination. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control. Our management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex financial instruments and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Changes in applicable laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including its ability to negotiate and complete its initial business combination and results of operations. We are subject to the federal securities laws, the SEC rules and regulations and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including its ability to negotiate and complete its initial business combination and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs such as us, amending the scope of a safe harbor for financial projections, and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These proposed rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete its initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the initial public offering. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need a certain number of public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and, after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business then we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, in which case (unless such date is extended by our shareholders) we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants also will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We intend to apply to have our units listed on the Nasdaq on the date of this Report and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to the initial public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holding securities with a market value of at last 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. As the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs seeking targets preparing for their an initial business combination public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. After the initial public offering, the funds we received outside of the trust account, together with funds we received from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, are sufficient to allow us to operate at least by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, however, we cannot (and in any event subject to any necessary approvals from L Catterton Asia 3) assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is incorporated as an exhibit to this annual report, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 our officers and directors who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we are still in the process of searching a suitable business combination target following our acquisition criteria, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The U.S. federal securities laws require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of the initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in the initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we are still in the process of searching a suitable business combination target following our acquisition criteria, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of L Catterton, our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. L Catterton Asia and our sponsor might be prohibited from providing investment opportunities or financing to us due to limitations imposed upon them by the agreements between them and their fund investors. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large, complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 286,508,740 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Securities The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure, and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 2,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 171,349,126 and 12,837,282 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after the initial public offering, there will be no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 
 may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current Report relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or Report, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and holders of our warrants will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 28,650,874 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in the initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,486,784 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon the completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Provisions in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. An investment in the initial public offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in the initial public offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in the initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing in the initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares would suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedents in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. After the completion of the initial public offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait after the Extended Date before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they can receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the costs of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. Risks Relating to L Catterton, our Sponsor and Management Team Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is described under the section of this Report. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors including L Catterton Asia 3 for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, all of our non-independent directors and officers are employed by L Catterton, which may make investments in companies that we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 L Catterton manages a significant number of funds which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities. Investment ideas generated within L Catterton may be suitable for both us and for L Catterton and/or a current or future L Catterton fund and may be directed to them rather than to us. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither L Catterton nor members of our management team who are also employed by L Catterton have any obligation to present us with opportunities for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the company. L Catterton and/or our management, in their capacities as employees of L Catterton or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, L Catterton, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of L Catterton and/or one or more investors (who may or may not be investors in L Catterton). Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this Report, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with the initial public offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of L Catterton and/or one or more investors (who may or may not be investors in L Catterton). Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On January 11, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. On March 3, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors, which shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, on March 10, 2021, we entered into a private placement agreement with our sponsor, pursuant to which our sponsors purchased an aggregate of 5,500,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other entity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming it does not purchase any units in the initial public offering). Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any units in the initial public offering or if our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors was elected by our sponsor. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our officers and directors will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. Currently, the majority of our officers and directors live outside of the United States. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our officers and directors will still reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our officers and directors under United States laws. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex withholding tax laws, including those relating to distributions or other payments ; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. General Risk Factors Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. In addition, our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not until after the end of the two taxable years following our current taxable year). If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 8 Marina View, Asia Square Tower 1 #41-03, Singapore. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or our officers or directors. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants are currently listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol LCAAU , LCAA and LCAAW respectively. Holders As of December 31, 2022, we had 4 holder of record for our units, 1 holder of record for our shares of Class A common stock, 4 holders of our shares of Class B common stock and 2 holder of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales On January 11, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 3, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. On March 15, 2021, we consummated a private placement of 5,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 7,500,000. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Warrants are the same as the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Use of Proceeds On March 15, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 28,650,874 Units, inclusive of 3,650,874 Units sold to the underwriters exercising their over-allotment option in part. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 286,508,740. Each Unit consisted of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as book-running managers of the offering. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253334). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on March 15, 2021. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, 286,508,740 was placed in the Trust Account. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 We paid a total of 5,730,175 underwriting discounts and commissions and 709,897 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 10,027,806 in underwriting discounts and commissions. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Recent Developments On January 31, 2023, the Company, Lotus Technology Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company or Lotus Tech ), Lotus Temp Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 1 ), and Lotus EV Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 2 entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into the Company (the First Merger ), with the Company surviving the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the surviving entity of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 ), and (ii) immediately following the consummation of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 will merge with and into Merger Sub 2 (the Second Merger , and together with the First Merger, collectively, the Mergers ), with Merger Sub 2 surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Mergers, collectively, the Business Combination ). On March 10, 2023, the Company held the Extraordinary General Meeting for its shareholders, at which the shareholders approved the amendment the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter to the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must (1) consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which we refer to as our initial business combination, (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination and (3) redeem all of the public shares sold in the Company s IPO that was consummated on March 15, 2021 if it fails to complete such initial business combination, from March 15, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to June 15, 2023 (the Extended Date and to allow the board of directors of the Company the Board ), without another shareholder vote, to elect to further extend the date to consummate an initial business combination after the Extended Date up to nine times, by an additional month each time, upon five days advance written notice prior to the applicable deadline, up to March 15, 2024 (the Additional Extension Date or such earlier date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the Extension ). As a result of the approval of the Extension and the implementation of the Extension, the Sponsor or its designee(s) or affiliate(s) (the Lender shall contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution ), which was (i) the lesser of (a) 990,000 or (b) 0.09 for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for the three-month extension from the Original Termination Date to the Extended Date (the Initial Extension Contribution and thereafter, to the extent necessary and as applicable, shall contribute (ii) the lesser of (a) 330,000 and (b) 0.03 into the trust account for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for each subsequent one-month extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date (the Subsequent Extension Contribution until the earlier of (i) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination, and (ii) the date that the Initial Extension Contribution and the Subsequent Extension Contribution for each subsequent one-month extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date, if applicable, have been loaned. Each Contribution will be deposited in the Trust Account within 5 business days of the beginning of the extended period which such Contribution is for. The Contribution(s) will bear no interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Lender upon consummation of an initial business combination. The loans will be forgiven by the Lender if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any available funds held outside of the Trust Account. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, the holders of 6,867,252 of the Class A ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 70,200,753.82. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Our business activities from inception to December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of our formation and completing our IPO, and since the offering, our activity has been limited to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income and dividends on investments held in Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 10.84 million, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 11.28 million, interest income earned on investments held in Trust Account of 4.13 million offset by formation and operating expenses of 4.57 million. For the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of approximately 5.49 million, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7.22 million, offset by a loss from formation and operating expenses of 1.05 million, interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 0.02 million and offering cost expense allocated to warrants of 0.70 million. Our business activities from inception to March 31, 2021 consisted primarily of our formation and completing our IPO, and since the offering through December 31, 2022, our activity has been limited to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 4,523 in its operating bank account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 3,810,427. The Company s liquidity needs up to its IPO were satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to 300,000. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loan. The Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying, and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Going Concern In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution described in Note 1, should the Company be unable to complete an initial business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has until June 15, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by the specified period. If an initial business combination is not consummated by June 15, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete an initial business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by June 15, 2023. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities other than deferred underwriters discount of 10,027,806 and amounts owed to the Sponsor of 150,000 under the administrative services agreement. Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Warrants Liability We evaluated the Warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , and concluded that a provision in the Warrant Agreement related to certain tender or exchange offers as well as provisions that provided for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815 and are not eligible for an exception from derivative accounting, the Warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on the Balance Sheet and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the IPO) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period of change. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary share (including ordinary share that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified in temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary share is classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary share feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 28,650,874 Class A ordinary share is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets.The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary share are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income Per Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company has two classes of shares, Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 15,037,174 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period presented. The Company s statement of operations applies the two-class method in calculating net income per share. Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share for Class A ordinary share and Class B ordinary share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to the Company by the weighted average number of shares of Class A ordinary share and Class B ordinary share outstanding, allocated proportionally to each class of ordinary share. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Therefore, effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and process of recording accounts payable and accrued expenses. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and process of recording accounts payable and accrued expenses. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications and recording of accounts payable and accrued expenses. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex financial instruments and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. Additionally, management will reaffirm any outstanding bills and unbilled fees with major service providers on a quarterly basis going forward. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control discussed above. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex financial instruments and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. Additionally, management will reaffirm any outstanding bills and unbilled fees with major service providers on a quarterly basis going forward. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the steps taken to remediate the material weakness, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period ended December 31, 2022, covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Position Chinta Bhagat 54 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Scott Chen 47 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director Howard Steyn 49 President Sanford Martin Litvack 87 Independent Director Frank N. Newman 80 Independent Director Anish Melwani 44 Independent Director Chinta Bhagat is our Co-Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Bhagat is Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Executive Officer at L Catterton Asia, which manages approximately 3.3 billion across three funds. Mr. Bhagat joined L Catterton in August 2019, and has been responsible for the end-to-end integration of the Asian franchise into the global firm, underpinned by a recruiting and restructuring program to top-grade the investment, portfolio management, and firm operations functions. He has also overseen investment and divestment of approximately 750 million in this period of time, including leading the firm s investment into Jio Platforms in mid-2020. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Bhagat was Head of Private Markets for South Asia and concurrently head of the global healthcare portfolio at Khazanah Nasional, overseeing a total of approximately 5 billion across a range of private and public market assets. After joining Khazanah Nasional in May 2015, Mr. Bhagat was involved in several consumer technology and healthcare deals across the Asian region, including Khazanah s significant investment in Fractal (subsequently acquired by Apax Partners), and Ping An Healthcare Technology (subsequently listed on the HKSE). Mr. Bhagat was previously Managing Partner of McKinsey Company s Singapore office, where he spent a total of 14 years, working extensively with principal investors to develop strategies, execute transactions, manage risk, and implement board governance initiatives. Mr. Bhagat holds a degree in Architecture from the University of Mumbai and an M.B.A. in International Business from INSEAD. Scott Chen is our Co-Chief Executive Officer and director. Mr. Chen is Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Investment Officer at L Catterton Asia, which manages approximately 3.3 billion across three funds. After joining L Catterton in second half 2020, Mr. Chen now chairs L Catterton Asia s Investment Committee and is focused on rejuvenating the firm s investment program and refreshing its investment strategy that best matches Asia Pacific market opportunities, team s capabilities and L Catterton s global expertise. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Chen spent nearly 20 years at TPG investing across the broad consumer and healthcare landscape throughout Asia Pacific, most recently serving as Partner and Managing Director. Over the past decade at TPG, Mr. Chen drove the expansion of TPG s China franchise and led or co-led TPG s investments in Greater China including APM Monaco, DuXiaoman, Novotech PPC, Kangji Medical, United Family Healthcare and Li Ning. Prior to joining TPG, Mr. Chen worked in the Technology Mergers Acquisitions Group of Lehman Brothers in New York. Mr. Chen s current non-profit activities include China Senior Advisor to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation s Strategic Investment Fund, Chairman and Founder of Hope Matters Foundation and China Fellow and member of the Aspen Global Leadership Network of the Aspen Institute. Mr. Chen received a B.S. in Business Administration with honors from University of Colorado. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Howard Steyn is our President. Mr. Steyn is a Partner at L Catterton who leads the firm s global initiatives, driving cross-geography investments and portfolio company expansion. Mr. Steyn, who has been a senior investment professional at L Catterton since September 2007, was previously a Partner at L Catterton Growth. Mr. Steyn has worked on numerous investments during his tenure at the firm and served on the boards of a variety of portfolio companies including Zarbee s, Nature s Variety, and Lily s Kitchen. Prior to joining L Catterton, Mr. Steyn was a Principal in Bain Capital s venture capital and growth equity funds. During his 8 years with Bain Capital, he led investments and worked with management teams to maximize performance in a range of companies from early-stage and growth equity through leveraged buyouts. Prior to Bain Capital, Mr. Steyn worked at McKinsey Company. Mr. Steyn earned an A.B. magna cum laude in Social Studies from Harvard College, and received his M.B.A. with honors from The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania. Sanford Martin Litvack is our independent director. Mr. Litvack has more than six decades of commercial litigation and corporate operations experience in both the private and public sectors.Mr. Litvack is currently a partner of leading boutique trial and arbitration law firm Chaffetz Lindsey as well as a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers. Formerly,Mr. Litvack was senior counsel in the litigation department at global law firm Hogan Lovells and an assistant attorney general in charge of the Department of Justice s antitrust division. Mr. Litvack previously also served as the chief of corporate operations and the vice chairman of the Board of Directors at Disney, where he spearheaded its acquisitions of ABC and ESPN. His boardroom experience also includes a prior directorship at technology company Hewlett Packard. Mr. Livack earned his B.A. at The University of Connecticut, and received LL.B. degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Frank N. Newman is our independent director. Mr. Newman has invented an advanced cybersecurity design, holds five patents on its technology, and has been the Chief Executive Officer and Co-founder of PathGuard, Inc. (or its predecessors), the company he established to implement the system, since 2015. From 2011 until December 2018, Mr. Newman served as Chairman of Promontory Financial Group China Ltd., an advisory group for financial institutions and corporations in China. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Newman served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Shenzhen Development Bank, a national bank in China. Prior to 2005, Mr. Newman served as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Bankers Trust and Chief Financial Officer of Bank of America and Wells Fargo Bank. Mr. Newman served as Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Treasury from 1994 to 1995 and as Under Secretary for Domestic Finance from 1993 to 1994. Mr. Newman has authored two books and several articles on economic matters, published in the U.S., mainland China, and Hong Kong. Mr. Newman has served as a director for major public companies, including Bankers Trust Company, Dow Jones, GUS (Great Universal Stores, in the UK), Korea First Bank, and Shenzhen Development Bank. Mr. Newman has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Hall. Mr. Newman is currently on the board of directors and the audit committee of ParkerVision, Inc and the board of directors of Steiner Leisure Limited. Mr. Newman earned his B.A. magna cum laude in Economics at Harvard University. Anish Melwani is our independent director. Mr. Melwani is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, LVMH for North America. In this role, he oversees and coordinates the activities of the LVMH Group across more than 75 Maisons. Mr. Melwani is a member of the board of directors for Fresh Cosmetics, Inc., Marc Jacobs Holdings LLC, Colgin Cellars LLC , Starboard Cruise Services, Inc., Tiffany Co. Prior to joining LVMH in 2015, Mr. Melwani was a Senior Partner in the New York office of McKinsey and Company where he co-led the Global Strategy Corporate Finance practice and supported clients across industries. At McKinsey since 1999, Mr. Melwani counseled senior executives of leading global companies on issues related to corporate strategy, M A, alliances, portfolio management and organization. Mr. Melwani worked in McKinsey s Singapore and Hong Kong offices and was then relocated to the New York office, where he advised leaders of public sector institutions in New York City. Mr. Melwani is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Board of the United Way of New York City where he serves on the Marketing Committee, and the National Retail Federation s Board of Directors. Mr. Melwani holds a B.A. in Economics from Harvard University. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operate under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee We established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Newman serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Newman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee We established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani, and Mr. Litvack serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani is independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani, and Mr. Melwani serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Litvack, Newman and Melwani is independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President s, Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s, evaluating our President s, Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest L Catterton manages a significant number of funds. L Catterton and its affiliates, including L Catterton Asia, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within L Catterton may be suitable for both us and for current or future L Catterton funds and may be directed to such L Catterton Funds rather than to us. Neither L Catterton nor members of our management team who are also employed by L Catterton have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the company. L Catterton and our management, in their capacities as employees of L Catterton or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, L Catterton or its affiliates, including L Catterton Asia, may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among the management teams. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity one or more affiliates of L Catterton and/or one or more investors (who may or may not be investors in L Catterton). Such entities may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Under Cayman Islands law, officers and directors owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care that is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Certain of our officers or directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Entity s Individual Entity Business Affiliation Chinta Bhagat L Catterton Asia Investment Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Executive Officer Scott Chen L Catterton Asia Investment Managing Partner, co-head and Chief Investment Officer Howard Steyn L Catterton Investment Partner Sanford Martin Litvack Chaffetz Lindsey LLP Law Firm Partner Rx Advance Corporation Biotechnology Chairman and Chief Marketing Officer Zeta Global Marketing Co-founder and Vice Chairman Misfit Wearables Technology Co-founder Frank Newman PathGuard, Inc. Security Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Anish Melwani LVMH Luxury retail Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this Report and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 Subject to obtaining the necessary approvals from the advisory board of L Catterton Asia 3, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with L Catterton, our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services incurred on our behalf in the amount of 10,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services incurred on our behalf in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this Report by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 On January 11, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. On March 3, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors, which shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposal on March 10, 2023, the holders of 6,867,252 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their rights to redeem their shares. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. 

Approximate Number of Percentage Shares of Beneficially Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned (2) Ordinary Shares Directors and Officers: Chinta Bhagat Scott Chen Howard Steyn Sanford Martin Litvack 25,000 Frank N. Newman 25,000 Anish Melwani 25,000 All officers and directors as a group 7,187,500 24.8 Greater than 5 Holders: LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP (our Sponsor) (3) 7,087,718 24.5 Millennium Management LLC(4) 2,161,031 7.5 Cowen and Company, LLC(5) 1,779,833 6.1 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 8 Marina View, Asia Square Tower 1 #41-03, Singapore. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof. (3) LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. The general partner of LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP is LCA Acquisition Sponsor GP. LCA Acquisition Sponsor GP is wholly-owned by Elaine Png and Chris Youm, and its board of directors consists of Bowen Qian and Daniel Soh Po-Chuan. Each of Ms. Png, and Messrs. Youm, Qian and Soh are employees of L Catterton Asia. (4) According to a Schedule 13G/A jointly filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023 by Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, Integrated Assets, Ltd., ICS Opportunities II LLC, ICS Opportunities, Ltd., Millennium International Management LP, Mr. Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Israel A. Englander. The securities disclosed herein as potentially beneficially owned by Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Mr. Israel A. Englander are held by entities subject to voting control and investment discretion by Millennium Management LLC and/or other investment managers that may be controlled by Millennium Group Management LLC (the managing member of Millennium Management LLC) and Mr. Israel A. Englander (the sole voting trustee of the managing member of Millennium Group Management LLC). The address of Millennium Group Management LLC is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. (5) According to Schedule 13G jointly filed with the SEC on March 23, 2023 by Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen and Company and Cowen Financial Products LLC Cowen Financial (collectively, the Cowen Parties ), the business address of such parties is 599 Lexington Ave. New York, NY 10022. The Cowen Parties beneficially hold 1,779,833 Class A ordinary shares. Such securities are held through Cowen and Company which beneficially owned 1,073,228 Class A ordinary shares and Cowen Financial which beneficially owned 706,605 Class A ordinary shares. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Founder Shares On January 12, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ). Up to 937,500 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor, depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On March 24, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option which resulted in 912,719 of the Founder Shares no longer subject to forfeiture. On April 24, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 99,126 additional units expired, having not been exercised, and accordingly, 24,782 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Company s initial shareholders for no consideration. On August 10, 2022, a former director resigned from the Company and transferred his 25,000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor. On August 10, 2022, the Company appointed a new director and the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to the appointed independent director. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 The transfer of the Founders Shares to an independent director, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 25,000 shares granted to the Company s board of directors was 58,750 or 2.35 per share. The Founders Shares were effectively transferred subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. A business combination is not probable until it is completed. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares. Due to Related Party Commencing on the date the securities of the Company were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services incurred on behalf of members of the management team, in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. A total of 120,000 and 95,000 has been incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor 2,108,356 and 30,000, respectively. The due to related party at December 31, 2022 is comprised of approximately 1,958,299 in amounts owed related to expenses the Sponsor paid on behalf of the Company and 150,056 in amounts owed pertaining to administrative services, office space and secretarial support provided by the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2021, the Company also paid the Sponsor 79,992 for offering costs paid on behalf of the Company. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. On April 11, 2022, the Company obtained a commitment from the Sponsor to fund any working capital needs of the Company at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements through loans of up to an aggregate of 500,000. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 97,400 and 64,375 for the services Marcum performed for interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for audit related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number: 688) F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 None. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. No. Description of Exhibit 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, by and among the Company and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and among by and among Lotus Technology, Inc., L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp, Lotus Temp Limited and Lotus EV Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 3.1 Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253334) filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 3.2 The Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 14, 2023). 4.1 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253334) filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021). 4.2 Description of Securities of the Company. 10.1 Private Placement Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, by and between the Company and LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 No. Description of Exhibit 10.3 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, among the Company, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP and certain directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, by and among the Company, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP and and Directors and Officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 10.5 Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, by and between the Company and LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021). 10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253334) filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021 10.7 Promissory Note, dated as of January 11, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253334) filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 10.8 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253334) filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 ). 10.9 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and among Lotus Technology, Inc., L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP and certain other shareholders of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 10.10 Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and among Lotus Technology, Inc., L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp, and certain other shareholders of Lotus Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 10.11 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Lotus Technology, Inc., L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp, LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP and certain other shareholders of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 10.12 Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, by and among Lotus Technology, Inc., L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 10.13 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, by and among Lotus Technology, Inc. and certain shareholders of Lotus Technology Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 10.14 Letter Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and between L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40196) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 No. Description of Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Chinta Bhagat Name: Chinta Bhagat Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title /s/ Chinta Bhagat Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Chinta Bhagat /s/ Scott Chen Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Scott Chen 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number: F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-22 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Additionally, the liquidation deadline is within 12 months of the filing date. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS: Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Prepaid expense - noncurrent Marketable securities held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities, Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Deferred underwriting fee Warrant liability Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from January 5, 2021 (Inception) Year Ended through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account Offering costs allocated to warrants ) Change in fair value of warrant liability Total other income, net Net income Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD JANUARY 5, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of January 5, 2021 (inception) Class B ordinary share issued to initial shareholder Forfeiture of Class B ordinary share held by initial shareholders ) ) Remeasurement of ordinary share subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income ) (5,000) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the period from January 5, 2021 Year (inception) Ended through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Offering costs allocated to warrants Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related party Net cash flows used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Marketable securities held in Trust Account ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters fees Proceeds from private placement Proceeds from issuance of shares to initial shareholders Payment of deferred offering costs ) Net cash flows provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning of period Cash - End of period Non-Cash investing and financing activities: Deferred underwriting commissions payable Subsequent remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in its identification and acquisition of a target company except that we will not acquire any target company whose primary business is investing in oil or gas reserves or real estate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, its Initial Public Offering IPO ), described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s Sponsor is LCA Acquisition Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on March 10, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On March 15, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to ordinary share included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the issuance and sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs. Following the closing of the IPO on March 15, 2021, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account, and will only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, will provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account (i) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (ii) to the Company s Public Shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of its Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination prior to March 15, 2023 (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated its Business Combination with the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. Public Shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 , sold in the IPO (the Public Shares ), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares. The amount in the Trust Account is per Public Share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. These Public Shares were classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least and the approval of an ordinary resolution. On March 10, 2023, the Company held the Extraordinary General Meeting for its shareholders, at which the shareholders approved the amendment the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter to the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must (1) consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which we refer to as our initial business combination, (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination and (3) redeem all of the public shares sold in the Company s IPO that was consummated on March 15, 2021 if it fails to complete such initial business combination, from March 15, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to June 15, 2023 (the Extended Date and to allow the board of directors of the Company the Board ), without another shareholder vote, to elect to further extend the date to consummate an initial business combination after the Extended Date up to times, by an additional month each time, upon advance written notice prior to the applicable deadline, up to March 15, 2024 (the Additional Extension Date or such earlier date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the Extension ). As a result of the approval of the Extension and the implementation of the Extension, the Sponsor or its designee(s) or affiliate(s) (the Lender shall contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution ), which was (i) the lesser of (a) or (b) for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for the extension from the Original Termination Date to the Extended Date (the Initial Extension Contribution and thereafter, to the extent necessary and as applicable, shall contribute (ii) the lesser of (a) and (b) into the trust account for each public share that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Charter for each subsequent extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date (the Subsequent Extension Contribution until the earlier of (i) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination, and (ii) the date that the Initial Extension Contribution and the Subsequent Extension Contribution for each subsequent extension from the Extended Date to the Additional Extension Date, if applicable, have been loaned. Each Contribution will be deposited in the Trust Account within business days of the beginning of the extended period which such Contribution is for. The Contribution(s) will bear interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Lender upon consummation of an initial business combination. The loans will be forgiven by the Lender if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any available funds held outside of the Trust Account. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, the holders of of the Class A ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . 
 F-8 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 times, by an additional month each time, up to March 15, 2024. However, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination during the Combination Period or during any extension period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the its Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, and (iv) vote their Founder Shares and Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs up to its IPO were satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the founder shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to and offering costs and expenses paid for by related parties (see Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company with working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any working capital loan. The Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company obtained a commitment from the Sponsor to fund any working capital needs of the Company at least from the issuance of these financial statements through loans of up to an aggregate of . In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete an initial business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has until June 15, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by the specified period. If an initial business combination is not consummated by June 15, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete an initial business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by June 15, 2023. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds which invest U.S. Treasury securities. The Company s portfolio of marketable securities held in the Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, cash, or a combination thereof. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in gain on investment held in Trust Account. The estimated fair values of the marketable securities held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary share are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Excess of proceeds over fair value of Private Warrants Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2021 Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period presented. The Company s statement of operations applies the two-class method in calculating net income per share. Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share for Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing net income attributable to the Company by the weighted average number of shares of Class A ordinary share and Class B ordinary share outstanding, allocated proportionally to each class of ordinary share. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per share Class B Common Stock Net income allocable to Class B common stock Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per common share Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and -third of redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Private Placement Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the overallotment option, the Company completed the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . A portion of the proceeds from the sales of Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company (except as described in Note 7) so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor, depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On March 24, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option which resulted in of the Founder Shares no longer subject to forfeiture. On April 24, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional additional units expired, having not been exercised, and accordingly, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Company s initial shareholders for no consideration. On August 10, 2022, a former director resigned from the Company and transferred his Founder Shares to the Sponsor. On August 10, 2022, the Company appointed a new director and the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to the appointed independent director. The transfer of the Founders Shares to an independent director, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founders Shares were effectively transferred subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. A business combination is not probable until it is completed. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares. Due to Related Party Commencing on the date the securities of the Company were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services incurred on behalf of members of the management team, in the amount of per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. A total of and has been incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor and , respectively. The due to related party at December 31, 2022 is comprised of approximately in amounts owed related to expenses the Sponsor paid on behalf of the Company and in amounts owed pertaining to administrative services, office space and secretarial support provided by the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2021, the Company also paid the Sponsor for offering costs paid on behalf of the Company. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. On April 11, 2022, and re-issued on January 3, 2023, the Company obtained a commitment from the Sponsor to fund any working capital needs of the Company at least from the issuance of these financial statements through loans of up to an aggregate of . demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statement. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a option from March 15, 2021 to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On March 24, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units. The underwriters did not exercise their remaining option, which expired on April 24, 2021. On March 15, 2021, the Company paid an underwriting discount of , and on March 24, 2021, the Company paid an additional underwriting discount of for over-allotment units sold. Additionally, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Company s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption. Class B Ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each Class B ordinary share. At September 30, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Law or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by its shareholders. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Company s Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Warrants The Public Warrants will become exercisable at per share on the later of from the closing of the IPO and after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) . The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company s Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 
 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to its Sponsors, or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Liabilities: Public Warrants Liability Private Placement Warrants Liability 

Quoted Significant Significant Prices In Other Other Active Observable Unobservable December 31, Markets Inputs Inputs 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: U.S. Money Market held in Trust Account Liabilities: Public Warrants Liability Private Placement Warrants Liability The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the Balance Sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the Statements of Operations. The Company established the initial fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Warrants on March 15, 2021, the date of the Company s Initial Public Offering, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value for the Private Warrants was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and the fair value of the Public Warrants by reference to the quoted market price. The Public and Private Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date, and the Private 
 F-18 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 transfers between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021.The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2022: Dividend rate Expected term (years) Expected volatility Share price asset price Exercise price . On January 30, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor for equity capital market advisor services related to the pending Business Combination. On January 31, 2023, the Company (or the SPAC ), Lotus Technology Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands Lotus Tech ), Lotus Temp Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 1 ), and Lotus EV Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech Merger Sub 2 entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into LCAA (the First Merger ), with the SPAC surviving the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the surviving entity of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 ), and (ii) immediately following the consummation of the First Merger, Surviving Entity 1 will merge with and into Merger Sub 2 (the Second Merger , and together with the First Merger, collectively, the Mergers ), with Merger Sub 2 surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lotus Tech (the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Mergers, collectively, the Business Combination ). Capitalized terms in this summary of the Merger Agreement not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. The Business Combination Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the First Effective Time ), (i) each of the preferred shares of Lotus Tech that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to such time shall be re-designated and re-classified into one ordinary share par value per share, of Lotus Tech (each, a Lotus Tech Ordinary Share and such conversion, the Preferred Share Conversion (ii) the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Lotus Tech (the Amended Company Articles shall be adopted and become effective; (iii) immediately following the Preferred Share Conversion, certain authorized but unissued ordinary share of Lotus Tech shall each be re-designated into shares of a par value of US each of such class or classes (however designated) as the board of directors of Lotus Tech may determine in accordance with the Amended Company Articles (the Re-designation and (iv) immediately following the Re-designation, (x) each issued Lotus Tech Ordinary Share shall be recapitalized by way of a repurchase in exchange for issuance of such number of Lotus Tech Ordinary Shares equal to the Recapitalization Factor (as defined below) (the Recapitalization and (y) any options of Lotus 
 F-19 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 . Price per Share is defined in the Merger Agreement as the amount equal to divided by such amount equal to (i) the aggregate number of shares of Lotus Tech (a) that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Recapitalization, (b) that are issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of all options and other equity securities of Lotus Tech that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Recapitalization (whether or not then vested or exercisable, as applicable, and subject to certain exclusions) minus (ii) shares of Lotus Tech held by Lotus Tech or any of its subsidiaries (if applicable) as treasury shares. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the First Effective Time, each Class B ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company (each, a SPAC Class B Ordinary Share shall be automatically converted into Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company (each, a SPAC Class A Ordinary Share , together with SPAC Class B Ordinary Share, collectively, SPAC Shares (such automatic conversion, the SPAC Class B Conversion and shall no longer be issued and outstanding and shall be cancelled. In addition, at the First Effective Time: (i) each of SPAC s units Units (each consisting of one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a SPAC Warrant (as defined below)) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a SPAC Warrant in accordance with the terms of the applicable Unit (the Unit Separation provided that no fractional SPAC Warrant shall be issued in connection with the Unit Separation such that if a holder of such Units would be entitled to receive a fractional SPAC Warrant upon the Unit Separation, the number of SPAC Warrants to be issued to such holder upon the Unit Separation will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of SPAC Warrants; (ii) immediately following the Unit Separation, each SPAC Class A Ordinary Share (including SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (a) issued in connection with the SPAC Class B Conversion and (b) held as a result of the Unit Separation) and each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share (excluding treasury shares held by SPAC or any of its subsidiaries (if applicable), SPAC Shares that are held by SPAC shareholders that validly exercise their redemption rights, SPAC Shares that are held by SPAC shareholders that exercise and perfect their relevant dissenters rights) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall be cancelled and cease to exist and each holder thereof shall be entitled to receive newly issued Lotus Tech Ordinary Share; and (iii) each warrant issued by SPAC to acquire SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (each, a SPAC Warrant (including the SPAC Warrants held a result of the Unit Separation) outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall cease to be a warrant with respect to SPAC Shares and be assumed by Lotus Tech and converted into a warrant to purchase one Lotus Tech Ordinary Share, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions prior to the First Effective Time. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) at the First Effective Time, each ordinary share, par value US per share, of Merger Sub 1 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding and continue existing and constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of Surviving Entity 1 and shall not be affected by the First Merger; (ii) at the Second Effective Time, (a) each ordinary share of Surviving Entity 1 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and cease to exist without any payment therefor; and (b) each ordinary share, par value US per share, of Merger Sub 2 that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding and continue existing and constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of Surviving Entity 2 and shall not be affected by the Second Merger. Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, the Sponsor, certain shareholders of the Company (together with Sponsor, collectively, the Founder Shareholders and Louts Tech entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which each Founder Shareholder has agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein: (i) to vote in favor of the Transactions and the other transaction proposals; (ii) to waive anti-dilution rights it held in respect of SPAC Class B Shares under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, (iii) to appear at the extraordinary general meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (iv) to vote against any proposals that would materially impede the Transactions; (v) to appoint Lotus Tech as the Founder Shareholders proxy and attorney-in-fact with respect to approval of the Transactions; (vi) not to redeem any SPAC Shares held by such Founder Shareholder, (vii) not to amend that certain letter agreement between the Company, Sponsor and certain other parties thereto, dated as of March 10, 2021, (viii) during the interim period and for a period following the Closing, not to transfer any SPAC Shares or SPAC Warrants (including any 
 F-20 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of the Sponsor Shares will be forfeited unless certain affiliates of Sponsor as may be approved by Lotus Tech from time to time participate in the PIPE Financing, and another of the Sponsor Shares will remain unvested at the Closing and become vested upon the commencement or official announcement of any business collaborations facilitated by Sponsor or Sponsor s affiliates between Lotus Tech or its applicable affiliates, on the one hand, and any Cooperating Entity, on the other hand. In addition, at the request of Lotus Tech, Sponsor will on the Closing Date transfer, directly or indirectly, to one or more shareholders of SPAC up to of the Sponsor Shares as consideration to induce such shareholder(s) of SPAC to waive its redemption rights (including by having such SPAC shareholder enter into, execute and deliver a non-redemption agreement) in connection with SPAC shareholders approval of the Business Combination (or approval of the Business Combination and the proposal to extend the deadline by which SPAC must consummate its initial business combination, as mutually agreed between the Lotus Tech and SPAC). Shareholder Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Lotus Tech and certain of the shareholders of Lotus Tech entered into a shareholder support agreement (the Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which certain shareholders holding sufficient number, type and classes of the issued and outstanding shares of Lotus Tech to approve the Transactions have each agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein: (i) to vote in favor of of the Transactions; (ii) to appear at the shareholders meeting of Lotus Tech in person or by proxy for purposes of counting towards a quorum; (iii) to vote against any proposals that would or would be reasonably likely to in any material respect impede the Transactions; (iv) to appoint Lotus Tech as such shareholder s proxy and attorney-in-fact with respect to approval of the Transactions; and (v) during the interim period and for a period following the Closing, not to transfer any Lotus Tech shares held by such shareholder, subject to certain exceptions. Form of Registration Rights Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, Lotus Tech, the Company, the Founder Shareholders and potentially certain shareholders of Lotus Tech will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, Lotus Tech will agree to undertake certain resale shelf registration obligations in accordance with the Securities Act and the Founder Shareholders and potentially certain shareholders of Lotus Tech will be granted customary demand and piggyback registration rights. Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement At the Closing, LCAA, Lotus Tech and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental will enter into an assignment, assumption and amendment agreement (the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Company will assign all of its rights, interests and obligations in its existing warrant agreement with Continental (the Warrant Agreement to Lotus Tech, and the Warrant Agreement will be amended to change all references to the Company to Lotus Tech and so that each warrant will represent the right to receive one whole Lotus Tech Ordinary Share. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents L CATTERTON ASIA ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . On March 22, 2023, the Sponsor deposited , on behalf of the Company, to the Trust Account to extend the liquidation date to June 15, 2023. 
 F-22 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 lcaau-20221231xex4d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 2,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this Report. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began trading on March 15, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination. Ordinary Shares Prior to the date of this Report, there were 7,162,718 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our sponsor, so that our sponsor will own approximately 25 of our issued and outstanding shares. 28,946,340 of our ordinary shares are outstanding including: 21,783,622 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued; and 7,162,718 Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Unless specified in our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter 

 voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions, such as amending our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company, will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 15, 2023 (the Extended Date or March 15, 2024 (the Additional Extension Date ), as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon the completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of 

 association will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need a certain number of public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. The participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this Report), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Pursuant to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the 

 Additional Extension Date, as applicable (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). Our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in the initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe); and (d) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial 

 business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Report as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any founder shares. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. After the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members has been immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

 Preference Shares Our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes 2,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued or registered in the initial public offering. Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of twelve months from the closing of the initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided 

 that, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described in the prospectus of our initial public offering with respect to the private placement warrants) in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below 

 the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the 

 number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.50 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in 

 connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the of this Report. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or the surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. Redemption procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution Adjustments. 

 If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A ordinary shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one, minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 per share (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class 

 A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon the completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would 

 actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors-Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

 Private Placement Warrants Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders-Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants in the prospectus of our initial public offering) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under -Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Except as described above under -Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such 

 time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 / 3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

 Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, subject to certain exceptions, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of 

 the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Mourant Ozannes, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before a federal courts of the United States. 

 We have been advised by Mourant Ozannes, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

 Our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to the initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially owned 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we are not prohibited from doing so (subject to any necessary approvals by the advisory board of L Catterton Asia 3). In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

 If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or the Additional Extension Date, as applicable, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering-Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to 

 their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection-Cayman Islands We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (2021 Revision) (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with 

 personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: a) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; b) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or c) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipates disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Currently effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

 Securities Eligible for Future Sale We have 28,650,874 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in the initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which equals 358,136; or the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

 As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Report as the lock-up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Listing of Securities Our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LCAAU , LCAA and LCAAW respectively. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lcaau-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Chinta Bhagat, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Chinta Bhagat Name: Chinta Bhagat Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lcaau-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Scott Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Scott Chen Name: Scott Chen Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lcaau-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with this Annual Report of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chinta Bhagat, Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Chinta Bhagat Name: Chinta Bhagat Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 lcaau-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with this Annual Report of L Catterton Asia Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Chen, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Scott Chen Name: Scott Chen Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lcaau-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lcaau-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lcaau-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lcaau-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

