<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1058867_0000950170-23-007344.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>50172757</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>476531</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3634623</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>28955628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3921832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11588369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007344.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310170357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007344
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GUARANTY BANCSHARES INC /TX/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058867
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				751656431
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38087
		FILM NUMBER:		23724588

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 SOUTH JEFFERSON AVENUE
		CITY:			MOUNT PLEASANT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75455
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9035729881

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 SOUTH JEFFERSON AVENUE
		CITY:			MOUNT PLEASANT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75455

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007344.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 gnty-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class of Securities 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Table of Contents 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates based on the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million . 
 At March 1, 2023, the Company had outstanding shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share. 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference: 

Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 39 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 42 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations 
 42 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 74 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 75 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 75 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 78 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executives Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 78 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 78 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 

Index to Exhibits 
 79 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 

Signatures 
 81 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Our Company 
 Except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, our company, the Company or Guaranty refer to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and our wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. and the terms Bank and Guaranty Bank Trust refer to Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. 
 We are a bank holding company, with corporate headquarters in Addison, Texas and operational headquarters in Mount Pleasant, Texas. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Guaranty Bank Trust, a national banking association, we provide a wide range of relationship-driven commercial and consumer banking, as well as trust and wealth management products and services that are tailored to meet the needs of small- and medium-sized businesses, professionals and individuals. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank operates 32 full service banking locations in East Texas, Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston and Central Texas regions of the state. As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 3.35 billion, total net loans of 2.34 billion, total deposits of 2.68 billion and total shareholders equity of 295.6 million. 
 We completed an initial public offering of our common stock in May 2017. Our common stock was traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market through March 6, 2023, and commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 7, 2023, where it continues to trade under the symbol GNTY. 
 Our History and Growth 
 Guaranty Bank Trust was originally chartered as a Texas state banking association over a century ago in 1913, and converted its charter to a national banking association in 2012. Guaranty was incorporated in 1990 to serve as the holding company for Guaranty Bank Trust. Since our founding, we have built a strong reputation based on financial stability and community leadership. Our growth has been consistent and primarily organic, both through growth in our established markets and the entry into new markets with de novo banking locations. In 2013, we expanded from our East Texas markets by opening a de novo banking location in Bryan/College Station, Texas. In 2017, we opened de novo banking locations in Fort Worth and Austin, Texas. In late 2021, we opened a second de novo location just outside of Austin in the town of Georgetown, Texas, and we opened a third Austin location in January 2022. We have achieved organic growth by enhancing our lending and deposit relationships with existing customers and attracting new customers, as well as cross-selling our deposit, mortgage, trust and wealth management and treasury management products. 
 We have also supplemented our organic growth and leveraged our strong deposit base with strategic acquisitions. In 2015, we acquired both Texas Leadership Bank and DCB Financial, allowing us to expand our footprint into the Dallas/Fort Worth MSA. In 2018, we entered the Houston MSA through our acquisition of Westbound Bank. Our expansion strategy has enabled us to access markets with stronger loan demand, achieve consistent growth, maintain stable operating efficiencies, recruit top bankers, preserve our historically conservative credit culture, and provide shareholders with stable earnings throughout credit cycles. 
 Since our initial expansion outside of East Texas in 2013, we have grown our network of banking locations from 18 banking locations in 11 Texas communities to 32 banking locations in 26 Texas communities as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our Community Banking Philosophy and Culture 
 We focus on a community-based relationship model, as opposed to a line of business model, because we believe the community-based relationship model promotes an entrepreneurial attitude within our Company while providing personal attention and solutions tailored to our customers. Our culture is one of employee ownership and it is something we take very seriously. We have formally documented our culture in a book called The Guaranty Culture, which we give to all prospective new hires and directors before they join our team so that they clearly understand who we are, how we work, what we believe, how we make decisions and what we admire in people. 
 We believe a great bank requires the right amount of two forms of capital: financial and human. We understand that our ability to successfully deploy our financial capital is directly related to our ability to bring the right talents together to lead our teams. This focus on human capital has rewarded us with a cohesive group of directors, officers and employees that we believe is our greatest asset. We have invested in a robust management development program designed to develop comprehensive bankers who understand all aspects of our operations and embrace our core values. The training program 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 generally lasts 18-24 months and includes rotations through each primary department of the Bank. Successful graduates of our training program are typically promoted to a leadership or managerial position upon completion. We currently have graduates in management, lending and operational roles. Several of the Bank s market presidents and managers are graduates of our training program. 
 We continue to expand and grow the offerings provided via Guaranty University, an online professional and continuing education resource for our employees. In addition, certain up and coming leaders participate in our Leadership Development Program (LDP). The LDP program caters to our Senior Vice Presidents (VPs), VPs and Assistant VPs, including department heads, market leaders and lenders and other high potential employees and has proven to be a valuable source of growth and improvement to our leadership participants. For employees at various levels who exhibit leadership aptitude, they frequently participate in online courses, in-person leadership classes and team building activities that allow them to learn about and improve upon various leadership traits and skills. 
 We have developed a network of banking locations strategically positioned in separate and distinct communities. Each community where we have a banking location is overseen by a local market president or manager, and we emphasize local decision-making by experienced bankers supported by centralized risk and credit oversight. We believe that employing local decision makers, supported by industry-leading technology and centralized operational and credit administration support from our corporate headquarters, allows us to serve our customers individual needs while managing risk on a uniform basis. We intend to repeat this scalable model in each market in which we are able to identify high-caliber bankers with a strong banking team. We empower these bankers to implement our operating strategy, grow our customer base and provide the highest level of customer service possible. We believe our organizational approach enables us to attract and retain talented bankers and banking teams who desire the combination of the Bank s size and loan limits, dedication to culture, commitment to our communities, local decision-making authority, compensation structure and focus on relationship banking. 
 Growth and Expansion Strategies 
 Our strategic plan is to be a leading Texas bank holding company with a commitment to operate as a community bank as we continue to execute our expansion strategy. Our expansion strategy is to generate shareholder value through the following: 
 Maintain Focus on Organic Growth. Given the recent uncertainty resulting from the COVID pandemic, economic factors and geopolitical issues, focusing on organic growth, with greater emphasis on high-quality credits, is a strategy that allows us to generate stable funding sources without the non-amortizing goodwill assets and core deposit intangibles that strategic acquisitions might add to our balance sheet. We believe that a strong core deposit base is extremely valuable and desirable in allowing our bank to grow despite continued interest rate competition from bank and non-bank sources, and serves us well when alternative funding sources become more expensive. As such, we also believe that our significant core deposit franchise in East Texas provides a stable funding source for meaningful loan growth in our existing markets. In addition, we strive to build comprehensive banking relationships with new borrowers through deposit and treasury management products and services. 

Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. We intend to continue to grow through strategic acquisitions within our current markets and in other complementary markets, however the culture, economics and location of potential new acquisitions is critical in our decision making. Recent market valuations of bank stocks industry-wide have generally caused the economic aspect of acquisitions to be less desirable for our shareholders. However, we seek acquisitions that provide meaningful financial benefits through long-term organic growth opportunities and expense reductions, while maintaining our current risk profile. We believe that many smaller financial institutions will consider us an ideal long-term partner due to our community banking philosophy, commitment to employee stock ownership and our culture of teamwork. 

Establish De Novo Banking Locations. We intend to open de novo banking locations in our existing and other attractive markets in Texas to further diversify our banking location network. In 2021, we opened a second de novo banking location in the Austin suburb of Georgetown, Texas and opened a third de novo location in the Lakeway area of Austin in January 2022. 

Increase Earnings Streams. We seek to maintain asset quality in a manner that allows us to maintain our current earnings streams, while also providing additional services such as robust treasury management, trust and wealth management and Small Business Association guaranteed loans to our customers in order to augment and diversify our revenue sources. For the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest income 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 represented 23.5 million, or 18.2 , of our total revenue of 129.2 million (defined as net interest income after the provision for credit losses plus noninterest income). 

The charts below illustrate our meaningful asset, loan, deposit and net income growth for the last five years: 
 
 (1) Total loans, including loans held for sale. 

(2) Core earnings defined as pre-tax, pre-provision, pre-PPP related net earnings. See our reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures under the caption Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

Although we are devoting substantial resources in furtherance of our expansion strategy, there are no assurances that we will be able to further implement our expansion strategy or that any of the components of our expansion strategy will be successful. 
 We believe the following competitive strengths support our growth and expansion strategy: 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Experienced Executive Management Team . The Bank has a seasoned and experienced executive management team with nearly 346 years of experience in financial services businesses. Our executive management team has successfully managed profitable organic growth, executed acquisitions, developed a strong credit culture and implemented a relationship-based approach to commercial and consumer banking. In addition, our executive management team has extensive knowledge of the bank regulatory landscape, significant experience navigating interest rate and credit cycles, including high inflation and recessionary periods, and has a long history of working together. 

Employee Ownership Mentality. As of December 31, 2022, our Company-only directors, our executive officers and our employee stock ownership plan, or KSOP, as a group, beneficially owned approximately 25.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Our KSOP owned 9.1 of our outstanding shares. Many of our employees interests in the KSOP represent material portions of their net worth, particularly our long-tenured employees. We believe that the KSOP s material ownership position promotes an owner-operator mentality among our employees, from senior officers to entry-level employees, which we believe enhances our employees dedication to our organization and the execution of our strategy. 

Proven Successful Execution of Growth Strategies. We have developed a strategic growth plan that allows the Company to quickly identify and efficiently execute corporate transactions that we believe enhance our geographic footprint and enterprise value. During the prior 10 years, we have successfully integrated ten acquired locations into our Company through what we believe is an effective combination of comprehensive integration planning, extensive management experience with expansion, and a welcoming and flexible culture of employee ownership. In that same time period, we also established eleven de novo locations outside of our historical East Texas market, achieving our objectives for organic growth within our anticipated time periods and successfully integrating new local management teams and employees into our Company. Accordingly, we have a proven track record of executing value-added acquisitions and achieving consistent, meaningful organic growth. 

Scalable Platform. Utilizing the significant prior experience of our management team and employees, we believe that we have built a strong and scalable operational platform, including technology and banking processes and infrastructure, capable of supporting future organic growth and acquisitions when the right opportunities arise. We maintain operational systems and staffing that we believe are stronger than necessarily required for a financial institution of our size in order to successfully execute integrations when needed and accommodate future growth without a commensurate need for expansion of our back office capabilities. We believe our platform allows us to focus on growing the revenue-generating divisions of our business while maintaining our operational efficiencies, resulting in improved profitability. 

Disciplined Credit Culture and Robust Risk Management Systems. We seek to prudently mitigate and manage our risks through a disciplined, enterprise-wide approach to risk management, particularly credit, compliance, operational and interest rate risk. All of the Bank s executive officers serve on key operational and risk management committees. We endeavor to maintain asset quality through an emphasis on local market knowledge, long-term customer relationships, consistent and thorough underwriting for all loans and a conservative credit culture. 

Brand Strength and Reputation. We believe our brand recognition, including the Guaranty name and our iconic G logo, which is prominently displayed in all of our advertising and marketing materials and has been trademarked to preserve its integrity, is an important element of our business model and a key driver of our future growth. We believe our reputation for providing personal and dependable service and active community involvement is well established in our traditional East Texas market, and we are continuously striving to replicate that brand awareness and reputation in our newer markets of the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex, Greater Houston and Central Texas through a high level of community involvement, deliberate and effective digital marketing and the targeted hiring of employees with strong relationships and reputations within these markets. In addition, in 2022, we appointed a Community Development Officer who works closely with bank leadership, employees and community members to develop plans to improve quality of life across the Texas communities that we serve. 

Stable Core Deposit Base . We believe our traditional East Texas market provides a historically stable source of core deposits that serves as a good source of funding when there is volatility in interest rates and an increasing desire for core deposits make them more difficult and more expensive to attract, especially in competitive markets. However, a significant emphasis is impressed upon our banker's in all of markets to develop core deposits because we believe that our stable core deposit base enhances our ability to pursue loans in large, high growth markets and to fund other revenue sources such as our mortgage and warehouse lending division. 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Banking Services 
 Lending Activities. We offer a variety of loans, including commercial lines of credit, working capital loans, commercial real estate-backed loans (including loans secured by owner occupied commercial properties), term loans, equipment financing, acquisition, expansion and development loans, borrowing base loans, real estate construction loans, homebuilder loans, letters of credit and other loan products to small- and medium-sized businesses, real estate developers, mortgage lenders, manufacturing and industrial companies and other businesses. We also offer various consumer loans to individuals and professionals including residential real estate loans, home equity loans, installment loans, unsecured and secured personal lines of credit, and standby letters of credit. Lending activities originate from the efforts of our bankers, with an emphasis on lending to individuals, professionals, small- to medium-sized businesses and commercial companies located in our market areas. Although all lending involves a degree of risk, we believe that commercial business loans and commercial real estate loans present greater risks than other types of loans in our portfolio. We work to mitigate these risks through conservative underwriting policies and consistent monitoring of credit quality indicators. 
 We adhere to what we believe are disciplined underwriting standards, but also remain cognizant of the need to serve the credit needs of customers in our primary market areas by offering flexible loan solutions in a responsive and timely manner. We maintain asset quality through an emphasis on local market knowledge, long-term customer relationships, consistent and thorough underwriting for all loans and a conservative credit culture. We also seek to maintain a broadly diversified loan portfolio across customer, product and industry types. Our lending policies do not provide for any loans that are highly speculative, subprime, or that have high loan-to-value ratios. These components, together with active credit management, are the foundation of our credit culture, which we believe is critical to enhancing the long-term value of our organization to our customers, employees, shareholders and communities. 
 We have a service-driven, relationship-based, business-focused credit culture, rather than a price-driven, transaction-based culture. Substantially all of our loans are made to borrowers located or operating in our primary market areas with whom we have ongoing relationships across various product lines. The limited number of loans secured by properties located in out-of-market areas have been made strictly to borrowers who are well-known to us. 
 Our credit approval policies provide for various levels of officer and senior management lending authority for new credits and renewals, which are based on position, capability and experience. Loans in excess of an individual officer s lending limit may be approved by two or more executive officers, with stacking authority, combining their individual lending limits, up to a current maximum of 5.0 million. Loans presenting aggregate lending exposure in excess of 5.0 million are subject to approval of the Bank s Directors Loan Committee, although all loans with aggregate exposure over 1.0 million are provided for review. These limits are reviewed periodically by the Bank s board of directors. We believe that our credit approval process provides for thorough underwriting and efficient decision making. 
 Credit risk management involves a partnership between our loan officers and our credit approval, credit administration and collections personnel. We conduct monthly loan meetings, attended by substantially all of our loan officers, related loan production staff and credit administration staff at which asset quality and delinquencies are reviewed. Our evaluation and compensation program for our loan officers includes significant goals, such as the percentages of past due loans and charge-offs to total loans in the officer s portfolio, that we believe motivate the loan officers to focus on the origination and maintenance of high quality credits consistent with our strategic focus on asset quality. 
 Deposit Activities. Our deposits serve as the primary funding source for lending, investing and other general banking purposes. We provide a full range of deposit products and services, including a variety of checking and savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, debit cards, remote deposit capture, online banking, mobile banking, e-Statements, bank-by-mail and direct deposit services. We also offer business accounts and cash management services, including business checking and savings accounts and treasury management services. We solicit deposits through our relationship-driven team of dedicated and accessible bankers and through community focused marketing. We also seek to cross-sell deposit products at loan origination. 
 Given the diverse nature of our banking location network and our relationship-driven approach to our customers, we believe our deposit base is comparatively less sensitive to interest rate variations than our competitors. Nevertheless, we attempt to competitively price our deposit products to promote core deposit growth. We believe that our loan pricing encourages deposits from our loan customers. 
 Guaranty Bank Trust Wealth Management Group. We deliver a comprehensive suite of trust services through Guaranty Bank Trust Wealth Management Group, a division of our Bank. We provide traditional trustee, custodial and escrow services for institutional and individual accounts, including corporate escrow accounts, serving as custodian for 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 self-directed individual retirement accounts and other retirement accounts. In addition, we offer clients comprehensive investment management solutions whereby we manage all or a portion of a client s investment portfolio on a discretionary basis. Finally, we provide retirement plan services, such as 401(k) programs, through a national vendor. 
 Other Products and Services. We offer banking products and services that are attractively priced with a focus on customer convenience and accessibility. We offer a full suite of online banking services including access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, as well as ATMs, and banking by telephone, mail and personal appointment. We also offer debit cards, night depository, direct deposit, cashier s checks, and letters of credit, as well as treasury management services, including wire transfer services, positive pay, remote deposit capture and automated clearinghouse services. 
 Investments 
 We manage our investment portfolio primarily for liquidity purposes, with a secondary focus on returns. We separate our portfolio into two categories: (1) short-term investments with maturities less than one year, including federal funds sold; and (2) investments with maturities exceeding one year (the effective duration is approximately 3.99 years as of December 31, 2022), all of which are classified as available for sale and can be used for pledging on public deposits, selling under repurchase agreements and meeting unforeseen liquidity needs. We regularly evaluate the composition of this category as changes occur with respect to the interest rate yield curve. Although we may sell investment securities from time to time to take advantage of changes in interest rate spreads, it is our policy not to sell investment securities unless we can reinvest the proceeds at a similar or higher spread, so as not to take gains to the detriment of future income. 
 Our Markets 
 We consider our current market regions to be East Texas, Central Texas, the Dallas/Fort Worth MSA and the Houston MSA. We serve these communities from our corporate headquarters in Addison, Texas, our operational headquarters in Mount Pleasant, Texas and through a network of 15 banking locations within East Texas, six banking locations in Central Texas, seven banking locations in the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex and four banking locations in the Houston metroplex. As part of our strategic plan, we intend to further diversify our markets through entry into other large metropolitan markets in Texas and/or continued expansion in our existing newer markets. 
 Competition 
 The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide range of financial institutions within our markets, including local, regional and national commercial banks and credit unions. We also compete with mortgage companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, mutual funds, securities firms, insurance companies, third-party payment processors, fintech companies and other financial intermediaries for certain of our products and services. Some of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and level of regulatory supervision applicable to us. 
 Interest rates on loans and deposits, as well as prices on fee-based services, are typically significant competitive factors within banking and financial services industry. Many of our competitors are much larger financial institutions that have greater financial resources than we do and compete aggressively for market share. These competitors attempt to gain market share through their financial product mix, pricing strategies and banking center locations. Other important competitive factors in our industry and markets include office locations and hours, quality of customer service, community reputation, continuity of personnel and services, capacity and willingness to extend credit, and ability to offer sophisticated banking products and services. While we seek to remain competitive with respect to fees charged, interest rates and pricing, we believe that our broad and sophisticated commercial banking product suite, our high-quality customer service culture, our positive reputation and long-standing community relationships will enable us to compete successfully within our markets and enhance our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 494 full-time equivalent persons. We provide extensive training to our employees in an effort to ensure that our customers receive superior customer service. None of our employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit or are parties to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. For additional information regarding our human capital resources, please see the Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 16475 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001, and our telephone number is (888) 572-9881. Our website is www.gnty.com. We make available at this address, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, our annual report to shareholders, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These documents are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The information contained on or accessible from our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The U.S. banking industry is highly regulated under federal and state law. Consequently, our growth and earnings performance will be affected not only by management decisions and general and local economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities. These authorities include the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Federal Reserve ), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC), Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities. The effect of these statutes, regulations and policies, and any changes to such statutes, regulations and policies, can be significant and cannot be predicted. 
 The material statutory and regulatory requirements that are applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries are summarized below. The description below is not intended to summarize all laws and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, and is based upon the statutes, regulations, policies, interpretive letters and other written guidance that are in effect as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, or the BHC Act, and to supervision, examination and enforcement by the Federal Reserve. The BHC Act and other federal laws subject bank holding companies to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. The Federal Reserve s jurisdiction also extends to any company that we directly or indirectly control, such as any nonbank subsidiaries and other companies in which we own a controlling investment. 
 Financial Services Industry Reform. In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. The Dodd-Frank Act broadly affected the financial services industry by implementing changes to the financial regulatory landscape aimed at strengthening the sound operation of the financial services sector. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters affecting publicly-traded companies. However, the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, provided certain exceptions to these requirements for so long as a publicly-traded company qualifies as an emerging growth company. In 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, or EGRRCPA, revised certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other things, EGRRCPA exempts banks with less than 10 billion in assets (and total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total assets) from Volcker Rule requirements relating to proprietary trading and clarifies definitions pertaining to HVCRE, which require higher capital allocations, so that only loans with increased risk are subject to higher risk weightings. Further changes effected by the passage of EGRRCPA are discussed below. 
 Revised Rules on Regulatory Capital. Regulatory capital rules pursuant to the Basel III requirements, released in July 2013 and effective January 1, 2015, implemented higher minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks. These rules include a new common equity Tier 1, or CET1, capital requirement and establish criteria that instruments must meet to be considered common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital. The revised capital rules require banks and bank holding companies to maintain a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-based assets, a total Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 of risk-based assets, a total capital ratio of 8.0 of risk-based assets and a leverage ratio of 4.0 of average assets. 
 The capital rules also require banks to maintain a CET1 capital ratio of 6.5 , a total Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0 , a total capital ratio of 10.0 and a leverage ratio of 5.0 to be deemed well capitalized for purposes of certain rules and prompt corrective action requirements. The risk-based ratios include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above its 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 minimum risk-based capital requirements that must be composed of common equity Tier 1 capital. This buffer will help to ensure that banking organizations conserve capital when it is most needed, allowing them to better weather periods of economic stress. The buffer is measured relative to risk-weighted assets. An institution would be subject to limitations on certain activities including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if its capital level is below the buffered ratio. 
 The EGRRCPA directed the federal banking agencies to develop a new, optional capital ratio for use by eligible community banks. Effective January 1, 2020, certain banks and their holding companies that satisfy the definition of a qualifying community banking organization, or QCBO, have the option to elect out of complying with the Basel III Capital Rules and to instead comply with the community bank leverage ratio, or CBLR, of 9 . QCBOs whose leverage ratios fall between 8 and 9 have a two-quarter grace period to comply with the 9 requirement. 
 A QCBO is defined as a bank, a savings association, a bank holding company or a savings and loan holding company with: 
 total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion; 

total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; 

total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets; 

MSAs of 25 or less of CBLR tangible equity; and 

temporary difference DTAs of 25 or less of CBLR tangible equity. 

A QCBO may elect out of complying with the Basel III Capital Rules if, at the time of the election, the QCBO has a CBLR above 9 . The numerator of the CBLR is referred to as CBLR tangible equity and is calculated as the QCBO s total capital as reported in compliance with Call Report and FR Y-9C instructions, or Reporting Instructions (prior to including non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries) less: 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (referred to in the industry as AOCI); 

Intangible assets, calculated in accordance with Reporting Instructions, other than mortgage servicing assets; and 

Deferred tax assets that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards net of any related valuations allowances. 

The denominator of the CBLR is the QCBO s average assets, calculated in accordance with reporting instructions and less intangible assets and deferred tax assets deducted from CBLR tangible equity. At this time, the Company and the Bank have not elected to comply with the community bank leverage ratio framework, but the Company and the Bank will continue to consider making such election in the future. 
 Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries. Bank regulators are required to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions whose capital declines below certain levels. In the event an institution becomes undercapitalized, it must submit a capital restoration plan. The capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the undercapitalized institution guarantees the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan up to a certain specified amount. Any such guarantee from a depository institution s holding company is entitled to a priority of payment in bankruptcy. 
 The aggregate liability of the holding company of an undercapitalized bank is limited to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount necessary to cause the institution to be adequately capitalized. The bank regulators have greater power in situations where an institution becomes significantly or critically undercapitalized or fails to submit a capital restoration plan. For example, a bank holding company controlling such an institution can be required to obtain prior Federal Reserve approval of proposed dividends, or might be required to consent to a consolidation or to divest the troubled institution or other affiliates. 
 Acquisitions by Bank Holding Companies. The BHC Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before it acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank or bank holding company if after such acquisition it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5.0 of the voting shares of such bank or bank holding company. In approving bank or bank holding company acquisitions by bank holding companies, the Federal Reserve is required to consider, among other things, the 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 effect of the acquisition on competition, the financial condition, managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding company and the banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the record of performance under the CRA), the effectiveness of the applicant in combating money laundering activities and the extent to which the proposed acquisition would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system. Our ability to make future acquisitions will depend on our ability to obtain approval for such acquisitions from the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve could deny our application based on the above criteria or other considerations. For example, we could be required to sell banking centers as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit of a proposed acquisition. 
 Control Acquisitions. Federal and state laws, including the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, or CBCA, impose additional prior notice or approval requirements and ongoing regulatory requirements on any investor that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank holding company. Whether an investor controls a depository institution is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, an investor is deemed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 25.0 or more of any class of voting securities. Subject to rebuttal, an investor is presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 10.0 or more of any class of voting securities and either the depository institution or company is a public company or no other person will hold a greater percentage of that class of voting securities after the acquisition. If an investor s ownership of our voting securities were to exceed certain thresholds, the investor could be deemed to control us for regulatory purposes, which could subject such investor to regulatory filings or other regulatory consequences. The requirements of the BHC Act and the CBCA could limit our access to capital and could limit parties who could acquire shares of our common stock. 
 Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends; Source of Strength. Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. is regarded as a legal entity separate and distinct from Guaranty Bank Trust. The principal source of the Company s revenues is dividends received from Guaranty Bank Trust. Federal law currently imposes limitations upon certain capital distributions by national banks, such as certain cash dividends, payments to repurchase or otherwise acquire its shares, payments to shareholders of another institution in a cash-out merger and other distributions charged against capital. The Federal Reserve and OCC regulate all capital distributions by the Bank directly or indirectly to the Company, including dividend payments. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement that provides that a bank holding company should not pay dividends unless (1) its net income over the last four quarters (net of dividends paid) has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition of the bank holding company and its subsidiaries and (3) the bank holding company will continue to meet minimum required capital adequacy ratios. Accordingly, we should not pay cash dividends that exceed our net income in any year or that can only be funded in ways that weaken our financial strength, including by borrowing money to pay dividends. 
 Under Federal Reserve policy, bank holding companies have historically been required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of their banking subsidiaries, and the Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement, the Company is expected to commit resources to support Guaranty Bank Trust, including at times when we may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. As discussed below, a bank holding company, in certain circumstances, could be required to guarantee the capital restoration plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary. If the capital of Guaranty Bank Trust were to become impaired, the Federal Reserve could assess the Company for the deficiency. If the Company failed to pay the assessment within three months, the Federal Reserve could order the sale of the Company s stock in Guaranty Bank Trust to cover the deficiency. 
 In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the trustee will be deemed to have assumed and will be required to cure immediately any deficit under any commitment by the debtor holding company to any of the federal banking agencies to maintain the capital of an insured depository institution, and any claim for breach of such obligation will generally have priority over most other unsecured claims. 
 Scope of Permissible Activities. Under the BHC Act, the Company is prohibited from acquiring a direct or indirect interest in or control of more than 5.0 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or financial holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiary banks, except that the Company may engage in, directly or indirectly, and may own shares of companies engaged in certain activities found by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing and controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. These activities include, among others, operating a mortgage, finance, credit card or factoring company; performing certain data processing operations; providing investment and financial advice; acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; leasing personal 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 property on a full-payout, nonoperating basis; and providing certain stock brokerage and investment advisory services. In approving acquisitions or the addition of activities, the Federal Reserve considers, among other things, whether the acquisition or the additional activities can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased competition, or gains in efficiency, that outweigh such possible adverse effects as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, also known as the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, effective March 11, 2000, or the GLB Act, amended the BHC Act and eliminated the barriers to affiliations among banks, securities firms, insurance companies and other financial service providers. The GLB Act permitted bank holding companies to become financial holding companies and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature. The GLB Act defines financial in nature to include, among other things, securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking activities; and activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be closely related to banking. No regulatory approval will be required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve. We currently have no plans to make a financial holding company election, although we may make a financial holding company election in the future if we desire to engage in any lines of business that are impermissible for bank holding companies but permissible for financial holding companies. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices. Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve s Regulation Y, for example, generally requires a bank holding company to provide the Federal Reserve with prior notice of any redemption or repurchase of its own equity securities, if the consideration to be paid, together with the consideration paid for any repurchases or redemptions in the preceding year, is equal to 10.0 or more of the bank holding company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve may oppose the transaction if it believes that the transaction would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law or regulation. In certain circumstances, the Federal Reserve could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 
 The Federal Reserve has broad authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices, result in breaches of fiduciary duty or which constitute violations of laws or regulations, and can assess civil money penalties or impose enforcement action for such activities. The penalties can be in excess of 2,200,000 for each day the activity continues. 
 Anti-tying Restrictions. Bank holding companies and their affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of certain services, such as extensions of credit, to other nonbanking services offered by a bank holding company or its affiliates. 
 Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. 
 The Bank is subject to various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the United States, and to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC. The Bank is also an insured depository institution and, therefore, subject to regulation by the FDIC, although the OCC is the Bank s primary federal regulator. The OCC and the FDIC have the power to enforce compliance with applicable banking statutes and regulations. Such requirements and restrictions include requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the nature and amount of loans that may be made and the interest that may be charged thereon and restrictions relating to investments and other activities of the Bank. 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements. The OCC monitors the capital adequacy of the Bank by using a combination of risk-based guidelines and leverage ratios. The OCC considers the Bank s capital levels when taking action on various types of applications and when conducting supervisory activities related to the safety and soundness of the Bank and the banking system. Under the revised capital rules which became effective on January 1, 2015, national banks are required to maintain four minimum capital standards: (1) a Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets ratio, or leverage capital ratio, of at least 4.0 , (2) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, or Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, of at least 6.0 , (3) a total risk-based capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) to risk-weighted assets ratio, or total risk-based capital ratio, of at least 8.0 , and (4) a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 . In addition, the OCC s prompt corrective action standards discussed below, in effect, increase the minimum regulatory capital ratios for banking organizations. These capital requirements are minimum requirements. Higher capital levels may be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual institutions, or if required by the banking regulators due to the economic conditions impacting our market. For example, OCC regulations provide that higher capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk and the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Corrective Measures for Capital Deficiencies. The federal banking regulators are required by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or FDI Act, to take prompt corrective action with respect to capital-deficient institutions that are FDIC-insured. Agency regulations define, for each capital category, the levels at which institutions are well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Under the revised capital rules, which became effective on January 1, 2015, a well capitalized bank has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or higher, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or higher, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or higher, a CET1 capital ratio of 6.5 or higher, and is not subject to any written agreement, order or directive requiring it to maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. An adequately capitalized bank has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or higher, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or higher, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or higher (3.0 or higher if the bank was rated a composite 1 in its most recent examination report and is not experiencing significant growth), a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 or higher, and does not meet the criteria for a well-capitalized bank. A bank is undercapitalized if it fails to meet any one of the ratios required to be adequately capitalized. 
 In addition to requiring undercapitalized institutions to submit a capital restoration plan, agency regulations contain broad restrictions on certain activities of undercapitalized institutions including asset growth, acquisitions, branch establishment and expansion into new lines of business. With certain exceptions, an insured depository institution is prohibited from making capital distributions, including dividends, and is prohibited from paying management fees to control persons if the institution would be undercapitalized after any such distribution or payment. 
 As a national bank s capital decreases, the OCC s enforcement powers become more severe. A significantly undercapitalized national bank is subject to mandated capital raising activities, restrictions on interest rates paid and transactions with affiliates, removal of management and other restrictions. The OCC has very limited discretion in dealing with a critically undercapitalized national bank and is virtually required to appoint a receiver or conservator. 
 Banks with risk-based capital and leverage ratios below the required minimums may also be subject to certain administrative actions, including the termination of deposit insurance upon notice and hearing, or a temporary suspension of insurance without a hearing in the event the institution has no tangible capital. 
 Branching. National banks are required by the National Bank Act to adhere to branching laws applicable to state banks in the states in which they are located. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, de novo interstate branching by national banks is permitted if, under the laws of the state where the branch is to be located, a state bank chartered in that state would have been permitted to establish a branch. Under current Texas law, banks are permitted to establish branch offices throughout Texas with prior regulatory approval. In addition, with prior regulatory approval, banks are permitted to acquire branches of existing banks located in Texas. Banks located in Texas may also branch across state lines by merging with banks or by purchasing a branch of another bank in other states if allowed by the applicable states laws. 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders. Transactions between the Bank and its nonbanking subsidiaries and/or affiliates, including the Company, are subject to Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation. 
 In general, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act imposes limits on the amount of such transactions, and also requires certain levels of collateral for loans to affiliated parties. It also limits the amount of advances to third parties which are collateralized by the securities or obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries. Covered transactions with any single affiliate may not exceed 10.0 of the capital stock and surplus of the Bank, and covered transactions with all affiliates may not exceed, in the aggregate, 20.0 of the Bank s capital and surplus. For a bank, capital stock and surplus refers to the bank s Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, as calculated under the risk-based capital guidelines, plus the balance of the allowance for credit losses excluded from Tier 2 capital. The Bank s transactions with all of its affiliates in the aggregate are limited to 20.0 of the foregoing capital. Covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate, as well as a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve) from the affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan, and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. In addition, in connection with covered transactions that are extensions of credit, the Bank may be required to hold collateral to provide added security to the Bank, and the types of permissible collateral may be limited. The Dodd-Frank Act generally enhances the restrictions on transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of what types of transactions are covered transactions to include credit exposures related to derivatives, repurchase agreement and securities lending arrangements and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be satisfied. 
 Affiliate transactions are also subject to Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act which generally requires that certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving other nonaffiliated persons. The Federal Reserve has also issued Regulation W which codifies prior regulations under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and interpretive guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. 
 The restrictions on loans to directors, executive officers, principal shareholders and their related interests (collectively referred to herein as insiders contained in Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and in Regulation O promulgated by the Federal Reserve apply to all insured institutions and their subsidiaries and bank holding companies. These restrictions include limits on loans to one borrower and conditions that must be met before such a loan can be made. There is also an aggregate limitation on all loans to insiders and their related interests. Generally, the aggregate of these loans cannot exceed the institution s total unimpaired capital and surplus, although a bank s regulators may determine that a lesser amount is appropriate. Loans to senior executive officers of a bank are even further restricted. Insiders are subject to enforcement actions for accepting loans in violation of applicable restrictions. 
 Restrictions on Distribution of Bank Dividends and Assets. Dividends paid by the Bank have provided a substantial part of the Company s operating funds and for the foreseeable future it is anticipated that dividends paid by the Bank to the Company will continue to be our principal source of operating funds. Earnings and capital adequacy requirements serve to limit the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Bank. In general terms, federal law provides that the Bank s board of directors may, from time to time and as it deems expedient, declare a dividend out of its net profits. Generally, the total of all dividends declared in a year shall not, unless approved by the OCC, exceed the net profits of that year combined with its net profits of the past two years. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 67.8 million available for payment of dividends. 
 In addition, under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, or FDICIA, the Bank may not pay any dividend if it is undercapitalized or the payment of the dividend would cause it to become undercapitalized. The OCC may further restrict the payment of dividends by requiring that the Bank maintain a higher level of capital than otherwise required for it to be adequately capitalized for regulatory purposes. Moreover, if, in the opinion of the OCC, the Bank is engaged in an unsound practice (which could include the payment of dividends), it may require, generally after notice and hearing, that the Bank cease such practice. The OCC has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe banking practice. The OCC has also issued policy statements providing that insured depository institutions generally should pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. 
 Further, in the event of a liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors and other general or subordinated creditors are entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of holders of any obligation of the institution to its shareholders, including any depository institution holding company (such as us) or any shareholder or creditor thereof. 
 Incentive Compensation Guidance. The federal banking agencies have issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk-management, control and governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives, (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. Further, a provision of the Basel III capital standards described above would limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds. The scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the future. 
 Audit Reports. For insured institutions with total assets of 1.0 billion or more, requirements include financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, management s certifications signed by our and the Bank s chief executive officer and chief accounting or financial officer concerning management s responsibility for the financial statements, and an attestation by the auditors regarding the Bank s internal controls must be submitted. For institutions with total assets of more than 3.0 billion, independent auditors may be required to review quarterly financial statements. FDICIA requires that the Bank have an independent audit committee, consisting of outside directors who are independent of management of the Bank. The committees of such institutions must include members with experience in banking or financial management, must 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 have access to outside counsel and must not include representatives of large customers. The Bank s audit committee consists entirely of independent directors. 
 Deposit Insurance Assessments. The FDIC insures the deposits of federally insured banks up to prescribed statutory limits for each depositor through the Deposit Insurance Fund and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and thrift industries. The maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks and savings institutions is 250,000 per depositor. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each insured depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors and is calculated based on an institution s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. 
 We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the Deposit Insurance Fund and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, the Bank may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. Any future increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material and adverse effect on our earnings. 
 Financial Modernization. Under the GLB Act, banks may establish financial subsidiaries and engage, subject to limitations on investment, in activities that are financial in nature, other than insurance underwriting as principal, insurance company portfolio investment, real estate development, real estate investment, annuity issuance and merchant banking activities. To do so, a bank must be well capitalized, well managed and have a CRA rating from its primary federal regulator of satisfactory or better. Subsidiary banks of financial holding companies or banks with financial subsidiaries must remain well capitalized and well managed in order to continue to engage in activities that are financial in nature without regulatory actions or restrictions. Such actions or restrictions could include divestiture of the financial in nature subsidiary or subsidiaries. In addition, a financial holding company or a bank may not acquire a company that is engaged in activities that are financial in nature unless each of the subsidiary banks of the financial holding company or the bank has a CRA rating of satisfactory of better. Neither we nor the Bank maintains a financial subsidiary. 
 Brokered Deposit Restrictions. Insured depository institutions that are categorized as adequately capitalized institutions under the FDI Act and corresponding federal regulations cannot accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits, without receiving a waiver from the FDIC, and are subject to restrictions on the interest rates that can be paid on any deposits. The EGRRCPA exempted reciprocal deposits from the definition of brokered deposits. Insured depository institutions that are categorized as undercapitalized capitalized institutions under the FDI Act and corresponding federal regulations may not accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. The Bank is not currently subject to such restrictions. 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations. The federal banking regulatory agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (1) total reported loans for acquisition, construction, land development, and other land represent 100.0 or more of total capital or (2) total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm residential properties and loans for acquisition, construction, land development, and other land represent 300.0 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. Owner occupied loans are excluded from this second category. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address, among other things, Board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. We are currently operating with real estate loan portfolios within such percentage levels. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA and the regulations issued thereunder are intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire assessment area, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operations of such banks. These regulations also provide for regulatory assessment of a bank s record in meeting the needs of its assessment area when considering applications to establish branches, merger applications and applications to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of another bank. The Financial Institution Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act, or FIRREA, requires federal banking agencies to make public a rating of a bank s performance under the CRA. In the case of a bank holding company, the CRA performance record of the banks involved in the transaction are reviewed in connection with the filing of an application to acquire ownership or control of shares or assets of a bank or to merge with any other bank holding company. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay approval or result in denial of an application. The Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recent CRA examination. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Consumer Laws and Regulations. The Bank is subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in transactions with the Bank. These laws include, among others, laws regarding unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices, usury laws, and other federal consumer protection statutes. These federal laws include the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Real Estate Procedures Act of 1974, the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, the Truth in Lending Act and the Truth in Savings Act, among others. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those enacted under federal law. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans and conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission and registration rights, action by state and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB. The CFPB has broad authority to regulate the offering and provision of consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act gives the CFPB authority to supervise and examine depository institutions with more than 10.0 billion in assets for compliance with these federal consumer laws. The authority to supervise and examine depository institutions with 10.0 billion or less in assets for compliance with federal consumer laws remains largely with those institutions primary regulators. However, the CFPB may participate in examinations of these smaller institutions on a sampling basis and may refer potential enforcement actions against such institutions to their primary regulators. Accordingly, the CFPB may participate in examinations of the Bank, which currently has assets of less than 10.0 billion, and could supervise and examine our other direct or indirect subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products or services. The CFPB also has supervisory and examination authority over certain nonbank institutions that offer consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act identifies a number of covered nonbank institutions, and also authorizes the CFPB to identify additional institutions that will be subject to its jurisdiction. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer protection rules adopted by the CFPB against certain institutions. 
 Mortgage Lending Rules. The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to establish certain minimum standards for the origination of residential mortgages, including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and related rules, financial institutions may not make a residential mortgage loan unless they make a reasonable and good faith determination that the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay the loan. The Dodd-Frank Act allows borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure but provides a full or partial safe harbor from such defenses for loans that are qualified mortgages. The rules define qualified mortgages, imposing both underwriting standards - for example, a borrower s debt-to-income ratio may not exceed 43.0 - and limits on the terms of their loans. Certain loans, including interest-only loans and negative amortization loans, cannot be qualified mortgages. EGRRCPA, among other matters, expanded the definition of qualified mortgages for banks with less than 10 billion in assets. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC. Under federal law, including the Bank Secrecy Act, or BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, certain financial institutions, such as the Bank, must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal policies, procedures and controls; a designated BSA officer; an ongoing employee training program; and testing of the program by an independent audit function. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence and customer identification especially in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. Financial institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious transactions, and law enforcement authorities have been granted increased access to financial information maintained by financial institutions. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, has issued rules that clarify and strengthen the due diligence requirements for banks with regard to their customers. 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, administers laws and Executive Orders that prohibit U.S. entities from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited parties. OFAC publishes lists of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Generally, if a bank identifies a transaction, account or wire transfer relating to a person or entity on an OFAC list, it must freeze the account or block the transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate authorities. 
 Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they must consider an institution s compliance in connection with the regulatory review of applications, including applications for bank mergers and acquisitions. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing and comply with OFAC sanctions, or to comply with relevant laws and regulations, could have serious legal, reputational and financial consequences for the institution. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Privacy. The federal banking regulators have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. In addition to applicable federal privacy regulations, the Bank is subject to certain state privacy laws. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System. The FHLB system, of which the Bank is a member, consists of 12 regional FHLBs governed and regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Board, or FHFB. The FHLBs serve as reserve or credit facilities for member institutions within their assigned regions. The reserves are funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. The FHLBs make loans (i.e., advances) to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the FHLB and the Boards of directors of each regional FHLB. 
 As a system member, according to currently existing policies and procedures, the Bank is entitled to borrow from the Dallas FHLB provided it posts acceptable collateral. The Bank is also required to own a certain amount of capital stock in the FHLB. The Bank is in compliance with the stock ownership rules with respect to such advances, commitments and letters of credit and collateral requirements with respect to home mortgage loans and similar obligations. All loans, advances and other extensions of credit made by the FHLB to the Bank are secured by a portion of the respective mortgage loan portfolio, certain other investments and the capital stock of the FHLB held by the Bank. 
 Enforcement Powers. The federal banking agencies, including our primary federal regulator, the OCC, have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory agreements, breaches of fiduciary duty or the maintenance of unsafe and unsound conditions or practices could subject the Company or the Bank and their subsidiaries, as well as their respective officers, directors, and other institution-affiliated parties, to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil money penalties. For example, the regulatory authorities may appoint the FDIC as conservator or receiver for a banking institution (or the FDIC may appoint itself, under certain circumstances) if any one or more of a number of circumstances exist, including, without limitation, the fact that the banking institution is undercapitalized and has no reasonable prospect of becoming adequately capitalized, fails to become adequately capitalized when required to do so, fails to submit a timely and acceptable capital restoration plan or materially fails to implement an accepted capital restoration plan. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 The commercial banking business is affected not only by general economic conditions but also by U.S. fiscal policy and the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve. Some of the instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve include changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, the fluctuating availability of borrowings at the discount window, open market operations, the imposition of and changes in reserve requirements against member banks deposits and certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates and assets of foreign branches. These policies influence to a significant extent the overall growth of bank loans, investments, and deposits and the interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. We cannot predict the nature of future fiscal and monetary policies or the effect of these policies on our operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans or future prospects. 
 Impact of Current Laws and Regulations 
 The cumulative effect of these laws and regulations, while providing certain benefits, adds significantly to the cost of our operations and thus have a negative impact on our profitability. There has also been a notable expansion in recent years of financial service providers that are not subject to the examination, oversight, and other rules and regulations to which we are subject. Those providers, because they are not so highly regulated, may have a competitive advantage over us and may continue to draw large amounts of funds away from traditional banking institutions, with a continuing adverse effect on the banking industry in general. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Future Legislation and Regulatory Reform 
 In light of current economic conditions, regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of financial institutions. From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures. New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships of financial institutions operating in the United States. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute. Future legislation, regulation and policies, and the effects of that legislation and regulation and those policies, may have a significant influence on our operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans or future prospects and the overall growth and distribution of loans, investments and deposits. Such legislation, regulation and policies have had a significant effect on the operations and activities, financial condition, results of operations, growth plans and future prospects of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so. 
 ITEM 1A. R ISK FACTORS. 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you decide to invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K, including the disclosures in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following is a summary of the significant risk factors that we believe could adversely affect our business, followed by more detailed descriptions of those risks. We believe the risks described below are the risks that are material to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, you could experience a partial or complete loss of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not be able to implement aspects of our expansion strategy, which may adversely affect our ability to maintain our historical earnings trends. 

We may not be able to overcome the integration and other risks associated with acquisitions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy. 

As a business operating in the financial services industry, adverse conditions in the general business or economic environment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. 

We may not be able to adequately measure and limit our credit risk, which could lead to unexpected losses. 

We are dependent on the use of data and modeling in our management s decision-making, and faulty data or modeling approaches could negatively impact our decision-making ability or possibly subject us to regulatory scrutiny in the future. 

The small- to medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, which may impair our borrowers ability to repay loans. 

Our commercial real estate and real estate construction loan portfolio exposes us to credit risks that may be greater than the risks related to other types of loans. 

Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 

Appraisals and other valuation techniques we use in evaluating and monitoring loans secured by real property, other real estate owned and repossessed personal property may not accurately describe the net value of the asset. 

Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio. 

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely, in which case our business may be harmed, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, we could be subject to regulatory penalties and the price of our common stock may decline. 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We rely heavily on our executive management team and other key employees, and we could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of their services. 

A lack of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all. 

We are subject to interest rate risk and fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings. 

Our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of our primary markets, and adverse economic conditions in these markets could negatively impact our operations and customers. 

We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services. 

Our trust and wealth management division derives its revenue from noninterest income and is subject to operational, compliance, reputational, fiduciary and strategic risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Negative public opinion regarding our company or failure to maintain our reputation in the communities we serve could adversely affect our business and prevent us from growing our business. 

We could recognize losses on investment securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. 

The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. 

System failure or cyber security breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other potential losses. 

We have a continuing need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology, or we may experience operational challenges when implementing new technology or technology needed to compete effectively with larger institutions may not be available to us on a cost effective basis. 

We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer, employee or third-party fraud and data processing system failures and errors. 

Our primary markets are susceptible to natural disasters and other catastrophes that could negatively impact the economies of our markets, our operations or our customers, any of which could have an adverse effect on us. 

If the goodwill that we have recorded or may record in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings. 

We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. 

Risk Related to Regulation of Our Industry 
 The ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and accounting principles, or changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, could adversely affect us. 

Federal banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we are or become subject as a result of such examinations could adversely affect us. 

We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, limit our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends and discretionary bonuses, or result in regulatory action. 

Financial institutions, such as the Bank, face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 

We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to commercial real estate lending guidance issued by the federal banking regulators that impacts our operations and capital requirements. 

Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 

Securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on us. 

Our management and board of directors have significant control over our business. 

The holders of our existing debt obligations, as well as debt obligations that may be outstanding in the future, will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest. 

We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 

Our dividend policy may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 

Our corporate organizational documents and provisions of federal and state law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition that you may favor or an attempted replacement of our board of directors or management. 

An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and is subject to risk of loss. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not be able to implement aspects of our expansion strategy, which may adversely affect our ability to maintain our historical earnings trends. 
 Our expansion strategy focuses on organic growth, supplemented by strategic acquisitions and expansion of the Bank s banking location network, or de novo branching. We may not be able to execute on aspects of our expansion strategy, which may impair our ability to sustain our historical rate of growth or prevent us from growing at all. More specifically, we may not be able to generate sufficient new loans and deposits within acceptable risk and expense tolerances, obtain the personnel or funding necessary for additional growth or find suitable acquisition candidates. Various factors, such as economic conditions and competition with other financial institutions, may impede or prohibit the growth of our operations, the opening of new banking locations and the consummation of acquisitions. Further, we may be unable to attract and retain experienced bankers, which could adversely affect our growth. The success of our strategy also depends on our ability to effectively manage growth, which is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to adapt our credit, operational, technology and governance infrastructure to accommodate expanded operations. If we fail to implement one or more aspects of our strategy, we may be unable to maintain our historical earnings trends, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth and expansion through de novo branching. 
 Our business strategy includes evaluating strategic opportunities to grow through de novo branching, and we believe that banking location expansion has been meaningful to our growth since inception. De novo branching carries with it certain potential risks, including significant startup costs and anticipated initial operating losses; an inability to gain regulatory approval; an inability to secure the services of qualified senior management to operate the de novo banking location and successfully integrate and promote our corporate culture; poor market reception for de novo banking locations established in markets where we do not have a preexisting reputation; challenges posed by local economic conditions; challenges associated with securing attractive locations at a reasonable cost; and the additional strain on management resources and internal systems and controls. Failure to adequately manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth through de novo branching could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be able to overcome the integration and other risks associated with acquisitions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 Although we plan to continue to grow our business organically and through de novo branching, we also intend to pursue acquisition opportunities that we believe complement our activities and have the ability to enhance our profitability and provide attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of risks, including the following: 
 intense competition from other banking organizations and other acquirers for potential merger candidates; 

market pricing for desirable acquisitions resulting in returns that are less attractive than we have traditionally sought to achieve; 

incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 

using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to the target institution or assets; 

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire, including consumer compliance issues; 

the time and expense required to integrate the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; 

experiencing higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations; 

losing key employees and customers; 

reputational issues if the target s management does not align with our culture and values; 

significant problems relating to the conversion of the financial and customer data of the target; 

integration of acquired customers into our financial and customer product systems; 

risks of impairment to goodwill; or 

regulatory timeframes for review of applications may limit the number and frequency of transactions we may be able to consummate. 

Depending on the condition of any institution or assets or liabilities that we may acquire, that acquisition may, at least in the near term, adversely affect our capital and earnings and, if not successfully integrated with our organization, may continue to have such effects over a longer period. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with pending or potential acquisitions, and any acquisition we may consider will be subject to prior regulatory approval. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A key piece of our expansion strategy is a focus on decision-making authority at the branch and market level, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected if our local teams do not follow our internal policies or are negligent in their decision-making. 
 In order to be able to provide the responsive and individualized customer service that distinguishes us from competitors and in order to attract and retain management talent, we empower our local management teams to make certain business decisions on the local level. Lending authorities are assigned to branch presidents and their banking teams based on their experience, with all loan relationships in excess of internal specified maximums being reviewed by the Bank s Directors Loan Committee, comprised of senior management of the Bank, or the Bank s board of directors, as the case may be. Our local lenders may not follow our internal procedures or otherwise act in our best interests with respect to their decision-making. A failure of our employees to follow our internal policies, or actions taken by our employees that are negligent or not in our best interests could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As a business operating in the financial services industry, adverse conditions in the general business or economic environment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. 
 Our business and operations, which primarily consist of lending money to customers in the form of loans, borrowing money from customers in the form of deposits and investing in securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States. Uncertainty about the federal fiscal policymaking process, and the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government and U.S. economy, is a concern for businesses, consumers and investors in the U.S. In addition, economic conditions in foreign countries, including global political hostilities or public health outbreaks and uncertainty over the stability of foreign currency, could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could hinder domestic economic growth. The current economic environment is characterized by interest rates that have increased at a historically rapid rate, from historically low levels, which impacts our ability to retain deposits. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates. In addition, financial institutions in Texas can be affected by volatility with the oil and gas industry and significant decreases in energy prices. Although we do not have material direct exposure to the oil and gas industry, we retain some indirect exposure, as some of our customers businesses are directly affected by volatility with the oil and gas industry and energy prices. 
 Business and consumer customers of the Bank may experience varying degrees of financial distress resulting from economic conditions and Federal Reserve monetary policies, which may adversely affect their ability to timely pay interest and principal on their loans and the value of the collateral securing their obligations. This in turn can influence the recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and may increase our allowance for credit losses. 
 We may not be able to adequately measure and limit our credit risk, which could lead to unexpected losses. 
 The business of lending is inherently risky, including risks that the principal of or interest on any loan will not be repaid timely or at all or that the value of any collateral supporting the loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. These risks may be affected by the strength of the borrower s business sector and local, regional and national market and economic conditions. Many of our loans are made to small- to medium-sized businesses that may be less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures than larger borrowers. Our risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentration of our loans within specific industries and our credit approval practices, may not adequately reduce credit risk, and our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting customers and the quality of the loan portfolio. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio could lead to unexpected losses and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on the use of data and modeling in our management s decision-making, and faulty data or modeling approaches could negatively impact our decision-making ability or possibly subject us to regulatory scrutiny in the future. 
 The use of statistical and quantitative models and other quantitative analyses is endemic to bank decision-making, and the employment of such analyses is becoming increasingly widespread in our operations. Liquidity stress testing, interest rate sensitivity analysis, and the identification of possible violations of anti-money laundering regulations are all examples of areas in which we are dependent on models and the data that underlies them. The use of statistical and quantitative models is also becoming more prevalent in regulatory compliance. While we are not currently subject to annual Dodd-Frank Act stress testing, or DFAST, and the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, or CCAR, submissions, we anticipate that model-derived testing may become more extensively implemented by regulators in the future. 
 We anticipate data-based modeling will penetrate further into bank decision-making, particularly risk management efforts, as the capacities developed to meet rigorous stress testing requirements are able to be employed more widely and in differing applications. While we believe these quantitative techniques and approaches improve our decision-making, they also create the possibility that faulty data or flawed quantitative approaches could negatively impact our decision-making ability or, if we become subject to regulatory stress-testing in the future, adverse regulatory scrutiny. Secondarily, because of the complexity inherent in these approaches, misunderstanding or misuse of their outputs could similarly result in suboptimal decision-making. 
 The small- to medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, which may impair our borrowers ability to repay loans. 
 We focus our business development and marketing strategy primarily on small- to medium-sized businesses. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.75 billion of loans to businesses, which represents approximately 73.6 of 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our total loan portfolio. Small- to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small- and medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have an adverse effect on the business and its ability to repay its loan. If our borrowers are unable to repay their loans, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our commercial real estate and real estate construction loan portfolio exposes us to credit risks that may be greater than the risks related to other types of loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.45 billion, or 60.1 , of our total loans were nonresidential real estate loans (including owner occupied commercial real estate loans), which included approximately 377.1 million, or 15.9 , of our total loans, that were construction and land development loans. These loans typically involve repayment dependent upon income generated, or expected to be generated, by the property securing the loan in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service. The availability of such income for repayment may be adversely affected by changes in the economy or local market conditions. These loans expose a lender to greater credit risk than loans secured by other types of collateral because the collateral securing these loans is typically more difficult to liquidate due to the fluctuation of real estate values. Additionally, non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans generally involve relatively large balances to single borrowers or related groups of borrowers. Unexpected deterioration in the credit quality of our non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan portfolio could require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, which would reduce our profitability and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Construction and land development loans also involve risks because loan funds are secured by a project under construction and the project is of uncertain value prior to its completion. It can be difficult to accurately evaluate the total funds required to complete a project, and construction lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project rather than the ability of a borrower or guarantor to repay the loan. If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior to completion, we may be unable to recover the entire unpaid portion of the loan. In addition, we may be required to fund additional amounts to complete a project, incur taxes, maintenance and compliance costs for a foreclosed property and may have to hold the property for an indeterminate period of time, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.00 billion, or 84.3 , of our total loans were loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. Real estate values in many Texas markets have experienced periods of fluctuation over the last five years. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time. As a result, adverse developments affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in our primary markets or in Texas generally could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, and could result in losses that adversely affect credit quality, financial condition and results of operations. Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity in our market areas could significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Collateral may have to be sold for less than the outstanding balance of the loan, which could result in losses on such loans. Such declines and losses would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If real estate values decline, it is also more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for credit losses, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Appraisals and other valuation techniques we use in evaluating and monitoring loans secured by real property, other real estate owned and repossessed personal property may not accurately describe the net value of the asset. 
 In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property, we generally require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is made, and, as real estate values may change significantly in value in relatively short periods of time (especially in periods of heightened economic uncertainty), this estimate may not accurately describe the net value of the real property collateral after the loan is made. As a result, we may not be able to realize the full amount of any remaining indebtedness when we foreclose on and sell the relevant property. In addition, we rely on appraisals and other valuation techniques to establish the value of our other real estate owned, or OREO, and personal property that we acquire through foreclosure proceedings and to determine certain 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 estimated losses. If any of these valuations are inaccurate, our combined and consolidated financial statements may not reflect the correct value of our OREO, and our allowance for credit losses may not reflect accurate estimate losses. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, we held 8,000 of repossessed property and equipment, and 38,000 of OREO. 
 We engage in lending secured by real estate and may be forced to foreclose on the collateral and own the underlying real estate, subjecting us to the costs and potential risks associated with the ownership of the real property, or consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially raise the cost of foreclosure or prevent us from foreclosing at all. 
 Since we originate loans secured by real estate, we may have to foreclose on the collateral property to protect our investment and may thereafter own and operate such property, in which case we would be exposed to the risks inherent in the ownership of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we held 38,000 of assets in OREO. In the prior year we held no assets in OREO. The amount that we, as a mortgagee, may realize after a default is dependent upon factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to general or local economic condition, environmental cleanup liability, assessments, interest rates, real estate tax rates, operating expenses of the mortgaged properties, ability to obtain and maintain adequate occupancy of the properties, zoning laws, governmental and regulatory rules, and natural disasters. Our inability to manage the amount of costs or size of the risks associated with the ownership of real estate, or write-downs in the value of other real estate owned, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, consumer protection initiatives or changes in state or federal law may substantially increase the time and expense associated with the foreclosure process or prevent us from foreclosing at all. While historically Texas has had foreclosure laws that are favorable to lenders, a number of states in recent years have either considered or adopted foreclosure reform laws that make it substantially more difficult and expensive for lenders to foreclose on properties in default, and we cannot be certain that Texas will not adopt similar legislation in the future. Foreclosure and eviction moratoria were put in place in many markets in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and similar moratoria may delay or prevent foreclosures in the future. Additionally, federal regulators have prosecuted a number of mortgage servicing companies for alleged consumer law violations. If new state or federal laws or regulations are ultimately enacted that significantly raise the cost of foreclosure or raise outright barriers, such could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 A portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial loans secured by receivables, inventory, equipment or other commercial collateral, the deterioration in value of which could expose us to credit losses. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 301.0 million, or 12.7 , of our total loans were commercial loans to businesses, excluding PPP. In general, these loans are collateralized by general business assets, including, among other things, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, and most are backed by a personal guaranty of the borrower or principal. These commercial loans are typically larger in amount than loans to individuals and, therefore, have the potential for larger losses on a single loan basis. Additionally, the repayment of commercial loans is subject to the ongoing business operations of the borrower. The collateral securing such loans generally includes moveable property such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate exposing us to increased credit risk. In addition, a portion of our customer base, including customers in the energy and real estate business, may be in industries which are particularly sensitive to commodity prices or market fluctuations, such as energy prices. Accordingly, negative changes in commodity prices and real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of the collateral securing these loans. Significant adverse changes in the economy or local market conditions in which our commercial lending customers operate could cause rapid declines in loan collectability and the values associated with general business assets resulting in inadequate collateral coverage that may expose us to credit losses and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses that represents management s judgment of probable losses and risks inherent in our loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses in our loan portfolio totaled 32.0 million, which represents approximately 1.34 of our total loans. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of general economic conditions, diversification and seasoning of the loan portfolio, historic loss experience, identified credit problems, delinquency levels and adequacy of collateral. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses is inherently highly subjective and requires us to make significant estimates of and assumptions regarding current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Inaccurate management assumptions, deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 loans, identification or deterioration of additional problem loans, acquisition of problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require us to increase our allowance for credit losses. In addition, our regulators, as an integral part of their periodic examination, review our methodology for calculating, and the adequacy of, our allowance for credit losses and may direct us to make additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Further, if actual charge-offs in future periods exceed the amounts allocated to the allowance for credit losses, we may need additional provisions for credit losses to restore the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses. Finally, the measure of our allowance for credit losses is dependent on the adoption and interpretation of accounting standards. The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new credit impairment model, the Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL model, which became applicable to us on January 1, 2020. CECL requires financial institutions to estimate and develop a provision for credit losses at origination for the lifetime of the loan, as opposed to reserving for incurred or probable losses up to the balance sheet date. Under the CECL model, credit deterioration is reflected in the income statement in the period of origination or acquisition of the loan, with changes in expected credit losses due to further credit deterioration or improvement reflected in the periods in which the expectation changes. Accordingly, the CECL model required many financial institutions, like the Bank, to increase their allowances for credit losses. Increases in our level of allowance for credit losses for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely, in which case our business may be harmed, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, we could be subject to regulatory penalties and the price of our common stock may decline. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on that system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in our annual report on Form 10-K, which will require us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 We will continue to periodically test and update, as necessary, our internal control systems, including our financial reporting controls. Our actions, however, may not be sufficient to result in an effective internal control environment, and any future failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could impair the reliability of our financial statements which in turn could harm our business, impair investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our access to the capital markets and cause the price of our common stock to decline and subject us to regulatory penalties. 
 We rely heavily on our executive management team and other key employees, and we could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of their services. 
 Our success depends in large part on the performance of our executive management team and other key personnel, as well as on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified senior and middle management and other skilled employees. Competition for qualified employees is intense, and the process of locating key personnel with the combination of skills, attributes and business relationships required to execute our business plan may be lengthy. We may not be successful in retaining our key employees, and the unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have an adverse effect on our business because of their skills, knowledge of and business relationships within our primary markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. If the services of any of our key personnel should become unavailable for any reason, we may not be able to identify and hire qualified persons on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We earn income by originating residential mortgage loans and SBA 7(a) loans for resale in the secondary mortgage market, and disruptions in that market could reduce our operating income. 
 Historically, we have earned income by originating mortgage loans and Small Business Administration 7(a) loans for sale in the secondary market. For the mortgage loans, a historical focus of our loan origination and sales activities has been to enter into formal commitments and informal agreements with larger banking companies and mortgage investors. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Under these arrangements, we originate single family mortgages that are priced and underwritten to conform to previously agreed criteria before loan funding and are delivered to the investor shortly after funding. For the SBA 7(a) loans, we obtain various bids for the purchase of the SBA guaranteed portion of the loan from investors and will generally sell the guaranteed portion to the investor with the highest bid. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we earned approximately 2.4 million and 5.5 million, respectively, from these activities. However, in the recent past, disruptions in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans have limited the market for, and liquidity of, most mortgage loans other than conforming Fannie Mae and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac, loans. Additionally, the risk appetite for purchasing of SBA 7(a) guaranteed loans fluctuates, occasionally resulting in bids that are not favorable for us to sell the guaranteed portion of the loan. The effects of these disruptions in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans and SBA 7(a) loans may reappear. 
 In addition, because government-sponsored entities like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, who account for a substantial portion of the secondary market, are governed by federal law, any future changes in laws that significantly affect the activity of these entities could, in turn, adversely affect our operations. In September 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed into conservatorship by the federal government. The federal government has for many years considered proposals to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but the results of any such reform and their impact on us are difficult to predict. To date, no reform proposal has been enacted. 
 These disruptions may not only affect us but also the ability and desire of mortgage investors and other banks to purchase residential mortgage or SBA 7(a) loans that we originate. As a result, we may not be able to maintain or grow the income we receive from originating and reselling residential mortgage and SBA 7(a) loans, which would reduce our operating income. Additionally, we may be required to hold mortgage loans that we originated for sale, increasing our exposure to interest rate risk and the value of the residential real estate that serves as collateral for the mortgage loan. 
 Delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures in residential mortgages create a higher risk of repurchases and indemnity requests. 
 We originate residential mortgage loans for sale to government-sponsored enterprises, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and other investors. As a part of this process, we make various representations and warranties to these purchasers that are tied to the underwriting standards under which the investors agreed to purchase the loan. If a representation or warranty proves to be untrue, we could be required to repurchase one or more of the mortgage loans or indemnify the investor. Repurchase and indemnity obligations tend to increase during weak economic times, as investors seek to pass on the risks associated with mortgage loan delinquencies to the originator of the mortgage. If we are forced to repurchase additional mortgage loans that we have previously sold to investors, or indemnify those investors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A lack of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of our loans and investment securities, respectively, to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of our investment securities, the sale of loans, and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. 
 Our most important source of funds is deposits. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.31 billion, or 86.3 , of our total deposits were demand, savings and money market accounts. Historically our savings, money market deposit accounts and demand accounts have been stable sources of funds. However, these deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors that may be outside of our control, such as a loss of confidence by customers in us or the banking sector generally, customer perceptions of our financial health and general reputation, increasing competitive pressures from other financial services firms for consumer or corporate customer deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, which could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current customer deposits or attract additional deposits, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. 
 The 354.5 million remaining balance of deposits consisted of certificates of deposit, of which 283.9 million, or 10.6 of our total deposits, were due to mature within one year. Historically, a majority of our certificates of deposit are renewed upon maturity as long as we pay competitive interest rates. These customers are, however, interest-rate conscious and may be willing to move funds into higher-yielding investment alternatives. If customers transfer money out of the Bank s 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 deposits and into other investments such as money market funds, we would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, and proceeds from the issuance and sale of our equity and debt securities to investors. Additional liquidity is provided by our ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, or the FHLB. We also may borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities, or on terms that are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Our access to funding sources could also be affected by a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in Texas or by one or more adverse regulatory actions against us. 
 Liquidating investment securities with unrealized losses would negatively impact the results from operations due to the recognition of a loss in that period and reduction in the Company's future earnings potential on those securities, unless they are reinvested in higher yielding assets. Furthermore, recognizing a loss on the sale of those investment securities may also have an impact on the Company's overall financial performance and investor perception, potentially damaging investor confidence and causing a decline in stock price. 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all. 
 We may need to raise additional capital, in the form of additional debt or equity, in the future to have sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and fund our business needs and future growth, particularly if the quality of our assets or earnings were to deteriorate significantly. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial condition. Economic conditions and a loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of funding and limit access to certain customary sources of capital, including interbank borrowings, repurchase agreements and borrowings from the discount window of the Federal Reserve System. We may not be able to obtain capital on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors of our bank or counterparties participating in the capital markets or other disruption in capital markets, may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. Further, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would then have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have a concentration of deposit accounts with state and local municipalities that is a material source of our funding, and the loss of these deposits or significant fluctuations in balances held by these public bodies could force us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 304.0 million, or approximately 11.3 , of our total deposits consisted of deposit accounts of public bodies, such as state or local municipalities, or public funds. These types of deposits are often secured and typically fluctuate on a seasonal basis due to timing differences between tax collection and expenditures. Withdrawals of deposits or significant fluctuation in a material portion of our largest public fund depositors could force us to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of operations. We may also be forced, as a result of any withdrawal of deposits, to rely more heavily on other, potentially more expensive and less stable funding sources. Consequently, the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk and fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings. 
 The majority of our banking assets and liabilities are monetary in nature and subject to risk from changes in interest rates. Like most financial institutions, our earnings are significantly dependent on our net interest income, the principal component of our earnings, which is the difference between interest earned by us from our interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest paid by us on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 that either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap will negatively impact our earnings. The impact on earnings is more adverse when the slope of the yield curve flattens, that is, when short-term interest rates increase more than long-term interest rates or when long-term interest rates decrease more than short-term interest rates. Many factors impact interest rates, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply and international economic weakness and disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 48.7 of our interest-earning assets and approximately 42.6 of our interest-bearing liabilities had a variable rate. Our interest rate sensitivity profile was asset sensitive as of December 31, 2022, meaning that we estimate our net interest income would increase more from rising interest rates than from falling interest rates; however, customer and market responses to a changing interest rate environment are highly uncertain and there is no guarantee that our net interest income would increase if interest rates rise. 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increases the potential for default and could result in a decrease in the demand for loans. At the same time, the marketability of the property securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. In a declining interest rate environment, there may be an increase in prepayments on loans as borrowers refinance their loans at lower rates. In addition, in a low interest rate environment, loan customers often pursue long-term fixed rate credits, which could adversely affect our earnings and net interest margin if rates increase. Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. At the same time, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. If short-term interest rates continue to remain at their historically low levels for a prolonged period or if longer-term interest rates fall further, we could experience net interest margin compression as our interest-earning assets would continue to reprice downward while our interest-bearing liability rates could fail to decline in tandem. Such an occurrence would have an adverse effect on our net interest income and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of our primary markets, and adverse economic conditions in these markets could negatively impact our operations and customers. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are affected by changes in the economic conditions of our primary markets of East Texas, Central Texas, Houston MSA and the Dallas/Fort Worth MSA. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the business activity, population, income levels, employment trends, deposits and real estate activity in our primary markets. Economic conditions within our primary markets, and the state of Texas in general, are influenced by the energy sector generally and the price of oil and gas specifically. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond our primary markets, adverse conditions that affect our primary markets, including future declines in oil prices, could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans, affect the value of collateral underlying our loans, affect our ability to attract deposits and generally affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Due to our geographic concentration within our primary markets, we may be less able than other larger regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 
 We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services. 
 We operate in the highly competitive financial services industry and face significant competition for customers from financial institutions located both within and beyond our principal markets. We compete with commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, nonbank financial services companies and other financial institutions operating within or near the areas we serve. Additionally, certain large banks headquartered outside of our markets and large community banking institutions target the same customers we do. In addition, as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for banks to expand their geographic reach by providing services over the internet and for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. The banking industry is experiencing rapid changes in technology, and, as a result, our future success will depend in part on our ability to address our customers needs by using technology. Customer loyalty can be influenced by a competitor s new products, especially offerings that could provide cost savings or a higher return to the customer. Increased lending activity of competing banks following the recent downturn has also led to increased competitive 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 pressures on loan rates and terms for high-quality credits. We may not be able to compete successfully with other financial institutions in our markets, and we may have to pay higher interest rates to attract deposits, accept lower yields to attract loans and pay higher wages for new employees, resulting in lower net interest margins and reduced profitability. 
 Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern our activities and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. In addition, some of our current commercial banking customers may seek alternative banking sources as they develop needs for credit facilities larger than we may be able to accommodate. Our inability to compete successfully in the markets in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our trust and wealth management division derives its revenue from noninterest income and is subject to operational, compliance, reputational, fiduciary and strategic risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our trust and wealth management division subjects us to a number of different risks from our commercial activities, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Operational or compliance risk entails inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or changes driven by external events. Success in the trust and wealth management business is highly dependent on reputation. Damage to our reputation from negative opinion in the marketplace could adversely impact both revenue and net income. Such results could also be affected by errors in judgment by management or the board, the improper implementation of business decisions or by unexpected external events. Our success in this division is also dependent upon our continuing ability to generate investment results that satisfy our clients and attract prospective clients, which may be adversely impacted by factors that are outside of our control. In addition, our trust and wealth management division is subject to fiduciary risks and risks associated with adverse decisions regarding the scope of fiduciary liabilities. If any claims or legal actions regarding our fiduciary role are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, we may be exposed to significant financial liability and our reputation could be damaged. Either of these results may adversely impact demand for our products and services, including those unrelated to our trust and wealth management division, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 Additional risks resulting from our mortgage warehouse lending business could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A portion of our lending involves the origination of mortgage warehouse lines of credit. Risks associated with our mortgage warehouse loans include credit risks relating to the mortgage bankers that borrow from us, including the risk of intentional misrepresentation or fraud; changes in the market value of mortgage loans originated by the mortgage banker, the sale of which is the expected source of repayment of the borrowings under a warehouse line of credit, due to changes in interest rates during the time in warehouse; and originations of mortgage loans that are unsalable or impaired, which could lead to decreased collateral value and the failure of a purchaser of the mortgage loan to ultimately purchase the loan from the mortgage banker. Any one or a combination of these events may adversely affect our loan portfolio and may result in increased delinquencies, loan losses and increased future provision levels, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 New lines of business, products, product enhancements or services may subject us to additional risks. 
 From time to time, we implement new lines of business, or offer new products and product enhancements as well as new services within our existing lines of business and we will continue to do so in the future. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In implementing, developing or marketing new lines of business, products, product enhancements or services, we may invest significant time and resources, although we may not assign the appropriate level of resources or expertise necessary to make these new lines of business, products, product enhancements or services successful or to realize their expected benefits. Further, initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business, products, product enhancements or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the ultimate implementation of a new line of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements or services. Furthermore, any new line of business, product, product enhancement or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or offerings of new products, product enhancements or services could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Negative public opinion regarding our company or failure to maintain our reputation in the communities we serve could adversely affect our business and prevent us from growing our business. 
 As a community bank, our reputation within the communities we serve is critical to our success. We believe we have set ourselves apart from our competitors by building strong personal and professional relationships with our customers and by being active members of the communities we serve. As such, we strive to enhance our reputation by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve and delivering superior service to our customers. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, we may be less successful in attracting new talent and customers or may lose existing customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, negative public opinion can expose us to litigation and regulatory action and delay and impede our efforts to implement our expansion strategy, which could further adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could recognize losses on investment securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. 
 While we attempt to invest a significant majority of our total assets in loans (our loan to asset ratio was 71.0 as of December 31, 2022), we invest a percentage of our total assets (20.8 as of December 31, 2022) in investment securities with the primary objectives of providing a source of liquidity, providing an appropriate return on funds invested, managing interest rate risk, meeting pledging requirements and meeting regulatory capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our available for sale investment securities portfolio was 188.9 million, which included a net unrealized loss of 19.2 million. Factors beyond our control can significantly and adversely influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio. For example, fixed-rate securities are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. The Federal Open Market Committee increased the target federal funds rate significantly in 2022 and is expected to further raise the target federal funds in 2023. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults by the issuer or individual borrowers with respect to the underlying securities, and instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause other-than-temporary impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting interest rates, the financial condition of issuers of the securities and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are included in the section captioned Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider critical because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or regulatory views concerning such analysis differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, those events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, in each case resulting in our needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements, cause damage to our reputation and the price of our common stock, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There could be material changes to our financial statements and disclosures if there are changes in accounting standards or regulatory interpretations of existing standards. 
 From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC may change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes may result in us being subject to new or changing accounting and reporting standards. In addition, the bodies that interpret the accounting standards (such as banking regulators or outside auditors) may change their interpretations or positions on how new or existing standards should be applied. These changes may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, or apply an existing standard differently and retrospectively, in each case resulting in our 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements, which could materially change our financial statements and related disclosures, cause damage to our reputation and the price of our common stock, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking regulations. 
 We outsource some of our operational activities and accordingly depend on a number of relationships with third-party service providers. Specifically, we rely on third parties for certain services, including, but not limited to, core systems support, informational website hosting, internet services, online account opening and other processing services. Our business depends on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers. The failure of these systems, a cyber security breach involving any of our third-party service providers, or the termination or change in terms of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. Replacing vendors or addressing other issues with our third-party service providers could entail significant delay, expense and disruption of service. 
 As a result, if these third-party service providers experience difficulties, are subject to cyber security breaches, or terminate their services, and we are unable to replace them with other service providers, particularly on a timely basis, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even if we are able to replace third-party service providers, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Bank s primary federal regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or OCC, has issued guidance outlining the expectations for third-party service provider oversight and monitoring by financial institutions. The federal banking agencies, including the OCC, have recently issued enforcement actions against financial institutions for failure in oversight of third-party providers and violations of federal banking law by such providers when performing services for financial institutions. Accordingly, our operations could be interrupted if any of our third-party service providers experience difficulty, are subject to cyber security breaches, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking regulations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our failure to adequately oversee the actions of our third-party service providers could result in regulatory actions against the Bank, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 System failure or cyber security breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other potential losses. 
 Our computer systems and network infrastructure could be vulnerable to hardware and cyber security issues. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event. We could also experience a breach by intentional or negligent conduct on the part of employees or other internal sources. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer systems and network infrastructure, including our digital, mobile and internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cyber security breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the internet or other users. Such computer break-ins and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability, damage our reputation and inhibit the use of our internet banking services by current and potential customers. We regularly add additional security measures to our computer systems and network infrastructure to mitigate the possibility of cyber security breaches, including firewalls and penetration testing. However, it is difficult or impossible to defend against every risk being posed by changing technologies as well as acts of cyber-crime. Increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and terrorists make keeping up with new threats difficult and could result in a system breach. Controls employed by our information technology department and cloud vendors could prove inadequate. A breach of our security that results in unauthorized access to our data could expose us to a disruption or challenges relating to our daily operations, as well as to data loss, litigation, damages, fines and penalties, significant increases in compliance costs and reputational damage, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have a continuing need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology, or we may experience operational challenges when implementing new technology or technology needed to compete effectively with larger institutions may not be available to us on a cost effective basis. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, at least in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our products and service offerings. We may experience operational challenges as we implement these new technology enhancements or products, which could impair our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from such new technology or require us to incur significant costs to remedy any such challenges in a timely manner. 
 Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. Third parties upon which we rely for our technology needs may not be able to develop on a cost effective basis systems that will enable us to keep pace with such developments. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products compared to those that we will be able to provide, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. We may lose customers seeking new technology-driven products and services to the extent we are unable to provide such products and services. Accordingly, the ability to keep pace with technological change is important and the failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer, employee or third-party fraud and data processing system failures and errors. 
 Employee errors and employee or customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence. 
 We maintain a system of internal controls to mitigate operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud, as well as insurance coverage designed to protect us from material losses associated with these risks, including losses resulting from any associated business interruption. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we rely heavily upon information supplied by third parties, including the information contained in credit applications, property appraisals, title information, equipment pricing and valuation and employment and income documentation, in deciding which loans we will originate, as well as the terms of those loans. If any of the information upon which we rely is misrepresented, either fraudulently or inadvertently, and the misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, the value of the loan may be significantly lower than expected, or we may fund a loan that we would not have funded or on terms we would not have extended. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the applicant or another third party, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. A loan subject to a material misrepresentation is typically unsellable or subject to repurchase if it is sold prior to detection of the misrepresentation. The sources of the misrepresentations are often difficult to locate, and it is often difficult to recover any of the resulting monetary losses we may suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our primary markets are susceptible to natural disasters and other catastrophes that could negatively impact the economies of our markets, our operations or our customers, any of which could have an adverse effect on us. 
 A significant portion of our business is generated from our primary markets of East Texas, Central Texas, the Dallas/Fort Worth MSA and the Houston MSA, which are susceptible to damage by tornadoes, floods, droughts, hurricanes and other natural disasters and adverse weather. In addition to natural disasters, man-made events, such as acts of terror and governmental response to acts of terror, malfunction of the electronic grid and other infrastructure breakdowns, could adversely affect economic conditions in our primary markets. These catastrophic events can disrupt our operations, cause widespread property damage, and severely depress the local economies in which we operate. If the economies in our primary markets experience an overall decline as a result of a catastrophic event, demand for loans and our other products and services could be reduced. In addition, the rates of delinquencies, foreclosures, bankruptcies and losses on loan portfolios may increase substantially, as uninsured property losses or sustained job interruption or loss may materially impair 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Moreover, the value of real estate or other collateral that secures the loans could be materially and adversely affected by a catastrophic event. A natural disaster or other catastrophic event could, therefore, result in decreased revenue and loan losses that have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to environmental liabilities in connection with the real properties we own and the foreclosure on real estate assets securing our loan portfolio. 
 In the course of our business, we may purchase real estate in connection with our acquisition and expansion efforts, or we may foreclose on and take title to real estate or otherwise be deemed to be in control of property that serves as collateral on loans we make. As a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to those properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. 
 The cost of removal or abatement may substantially exceed the value of the affected properties or the loans secured by those properties, we may not have adequate remedies against the prior owners or other responsible parties and we may not be able to resell the affected properties either before or after completion of any such removal or abatement procedures. If material environmental problems are discovered before foreclosure, we generally will not foreclose on the related collateral or will transfer ownership of the loan to a subsidiary. It should be noted, however, that the transfer of the property or loans to a subsidiary may not protect us from environmental liability. Furthermore, despite these actions on our part, the value of the property as collateral will generally be substantially reduced or we may elect not to foreclose on the property and, as a result, we may suffer a loss upon collection of the loan. Any significant environmental liabilities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to intellectual property. 
 Banking and other financial services companies, such as our company, rely on technology companies to provide information technology products and services necessary to support their day-to-day operations. Technology companies frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. Competitors of our vendors, or other individuals or companies, may from time to time claim to hold intellectual property sold to us by our vendors. Such claims may increase in the future as the financial services sector becomes more reliant on information technology vendors. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages. 
 Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or other intellectual property rights, or the merits of any claims by potential or actual litigants, we may have to engage in protracted litigation. Such litigation is often expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. If we are found to infringe one or more patents or other intellectual property rights, we may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties to a third party. In certain cases, we may consider entering into licensing agreements for disputed intellectual property, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These licenses may also significantly increase our operating expenses. If legal matters related to intellectual property claims were resolved against us or settled, we could be required to make payments in amounts that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If the goodwill that we have recorded or may record in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings. 
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeded the fair value of net assets we acquired in connection with the purchase of another financial institution. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if a triggering event occurs which indicates that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. 
 Our goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. Under the first step, the estimation of fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value including goodwill. If step one indicates a potential impairment, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 adjustments are reflected in our results of operations in the periods in which they become known. As of December 31, 2022, our goodwill totaled 32.2 million. While we have not recorded any impairment charges since we initially recorded the goodwill, there can be no assurance that our future evaluations of our existing goodwill or goodwill we may acquire in the future will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. 
 The tax laws applicable to our business activities may change over time. Legislative initiatives, including initiatives currently under discussion, may impact our results of operations by increasing the corporate income tax rate applicable to our business or by enacting other changes that increase our effective tax rate. 
 Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Industry 
 The ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, and the process of implementation is ongoing. The Dodd-Frank Act imposes significant regulatory and compliance changes on many industries, including ours. On May 24, 2018, the EGRRCPA became law. Among other things, the EGRRCPA changes certain of the regulatory requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and includes provisions intended to relieve the regulatory burden on community banks. There remains significant uncertainty surrounding the manner in which the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the EGRRCPA will ultimately be implemented by the various regulatory agencies and the full extent of the impact of the requirements on our operations is unclear. The changes resulting from this legislation may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, require the development of new compliance infrastructure, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage requirements or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with the new requirements or with any future changes in laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and accounting principles, or changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, could adversely affect us. 
 Banking is highly regulated under federal and state law. As such, we are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and legal requirements that govern almost all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations are not intended to protect our shareholders. Rather, these laws and regulations are intended to protect customers, depositors, the Deposit Insurance Fund and the overall financial stability of the United States. These laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on the business activities in which we can engage, limit the dividend or distributions that the Bank can pay to us, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt and impose certain specific accounting requirements on us that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than GAAP would require. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional operating costs. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure follows good faith effort or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, enforcement actions and fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, regulatory capital levels and the price of our securities. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations, such as the Dodd-Frank Act, could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Federal banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we are or become subject as a result of such examinations could adversely affect us. 
 As part of the bank regulatory process, the OCC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve, periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, one of these federal banking agencies were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, asset sensitivity, risk management or other aspects of any of our operations have become unsatisfactory, or that our Company, the Bank or their respective management were in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital levels, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against us, the Bank or their respective officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate the Bank s deposit insurance. If we become subject to such regulatory actions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, limit our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends and discretionary bonuses, or result in regulatory action. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the federal banking agencies to establish stricter risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits to apply to banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, referred to herein as the Basel III capital rules. See the section in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K captioned Supervision and Regulation Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Revised Rules on Regulatory Capital . 
 As a result of the enactment of the Basel III capital rules, we became subject to increased required capital levels. Our inability to comply with these more stringent capital requirements could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity; require the raising of additional capital; limit our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends and discretionary bonuses; or result in regulatory actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Many of our new activities and expansion plans require regulatory approvals, and failure to obtain them may restrict our growth. 
 We intend to complement and expand our business by pursuing strategic acquisitions of financial institutions and other complementary businesses. Generally, we must receive federal regulatory approval before we can acquire an FDIC-insured depository institution or related business. In determining whether to approve a proposed acquisition, federal banking regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, our financial condition, our future prospects, and the impact of the proposal on U.S. financial stability. The regulators also review current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience and integrity of management and its record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the Community Reinvestment Act, or the CRA) and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities. Such regulatory approvals may not be granted on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. We may also be required to sell banking locations as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit of any acquisition. 
 In addition to the acquisition of existing financial institutions, as opportunities arise, we plan to continue de novo branching as a part of our expansion strategy. De novo branching and acquisitions carry with them numerous risks, including the inability to obtain all required regulatory approvals. The failure to obtain these regulatory approvals for potential future strategic acquisitions and de novo banking locations could impact our business plans and restrict our growth. 
 Financial institutions, such as the Bank, face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, or the USA PATRIOT Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the Treasury Department, to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and the Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the sanctions programs and rules administered and enforced by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 In order to comply with regulations, guidelines and examination procedures in this area, we have dedicated significant resources to our anti-money laundering program. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we could be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the inability to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plans, including acquisitions and de novo branching. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, the U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. The CFPB was created under the Dodd-Frank Act to centralize responsibility for consumer financial protection with broad rulemaking authority to administer and carry out the purposes and objectives of federal consumer financial laws with respect to all financial institutions that offer financial products and services to consumers. The CFPB is also authorized to prescribe rules applicable to any covered person or service provider, identifying and prohibiting acts or practices that are unfair, deceptive, or abusive in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service. The ongoing broad rulemaking powers of the CFPB have potential to have a significant impact on the operations of financial institutions offering consumer financial products or services. The CFPB has indicated that it may propose new rules on overdrafts and other consumer financial products or services, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if any such rules limit our ability to provide such financial products or services. 
 A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA, fair lending or consumer lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in FDIC insurance premiums could adversely affect our earnings and results of operations. 
 We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. As a result of economic conditions and the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has in recent years increased deposit insurance assessment rates, which in turn raised deposit premiums for many insured depository institutions. If recent increases in premiums are insufficient for the Deposit Insurance Fund to meet its funding requirements, further special assessments or increases in deposit insurance premiums may be required. Further, if there are additional financial institution failures that affect the Deposit Insurance Fund, we may be required to pay higher FDIC premiums. Our FDIC insurance related costs were 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 851,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Any future additional assessments, increases or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could adversely affect our earnings and results of operations. 
 The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 The Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support its subsidiary banks. Under the source of strength doctrine that was codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank at times when the bank holding company may not be inclined to do so and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. Accordingly, we could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank if it experiences financial distress. 
 A capital injection may be required at a time when our resources are limited, and we may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital to make the required capital injection. Any loan by a bank holding company to its subsidiary bank is subordinate in right with payment to deposits and certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of any note obligations. Thus, any borrowing by a bank holding company for the purpose of making a capital injection to a subsidiary bank often becomes more difficult and expensive relative to other corporate borrowings. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when our collateral cannot be foreclosed upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due. Any such losses could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the U.S. money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of securities by the Federal Reserve, adjustments of both the discount rate and the federal funds rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Although we cannot determine the effects of such policies on us at this time, such policies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to commercial real estate lending guidance issued by the federal banking regulators that impacts our operations and capital requirements. 
 The federal banking regulators have issued guidance regarding concentrations in commercial real estate lending directed at institutions that have particularly high concentrations of commercial real estate loans within their lending portfolios. This guidance suggests that institutions whose commercial real estate loans exceed certain percentages of capital should implement heightened risk management practices appropriate to their concentration risk and may be required to maintain higher capital ratios than institutions with lower concentrations in commercial real estate lending. Based on our commercial real estate concentration as of December 31, 2022, we believe that we are operating within the guidelines. However, increases in our commercial real estate lending, particularly as we expand into metropolitan markets and make more of these loans, could subject us to additional supervisory analysis. We cannot guarantee that any risk management practices we implement will be effective to prevent losses relating to our commercial real estate portfolio. Management has implemented controls to monitor our commercial real estate lending concentrations, but we cannot predict the extent to which this guidance will impact our operations or capital requirements. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, which may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. There are many factors that may affect the market price and trading volume of our common stock, including, without limitation: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, financial condition or asset quality; 

changes in economic or business conditions; 

the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve; 

publication of research reports about us, our competitors, or the financial services industry generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 operating and stock price performance of companies that investors deemed comparable to us; 

additional or anticipated sales of our common stock or other securities by us or our existing shareholders; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

perceptions in the marketplace regarding our competitors or us, including the perception that investment in Texas is unattractive or less attractive during periods of low oil prices; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving our competitors or us; 

other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; and 

other news, announcements or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our primary markets or the financial services industry. 

The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks have experienced substantial fluctuations in recent years, which in many cases have been unrelated to the operating performance and prospects of particular companies. In addition, significant fluctuations in the trading volume in our common stock may cause significant price variations to occur. Increased market volatility may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which could make it difficult to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline significantly due to actual or anticipated issuances or sales of our common stock in the future. 
 We may issue shares of our common stock or other securities from time to time as consideration for future acquisitions and investments and pursuant to compensation and incentive plans. If any such acquisition or investment is significant, the number of shares of our common stock, or the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of other securities that we may issue may in turn be substantial. We may also grant registration rights covering those shares of our common stock or other securities in connection with any such acquisitions and investments. 
 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares of our common stock issued in connection with an acquisition or under a compensation or incentive plan), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of our securities. 
 Securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on us. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control over these securities analysts, and they may not cover us. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover us or fail to publish regular reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. If we are covered by securities analysts and are the subject of an unfavorable report, the price of our common stock may decline. 
 Our management and board of directors have significant control over our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Company-only directors and executive officers beneficially owned an aggregate of 2,382,386 shares, or approximately 19.8 , of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, including 259,104 shares that are held by our KSOP and allocated to the accounts of our named executive officers. As of December 31, 2022, our KSOP owned an aggregate of 1,091,957 shares, or approximately 9.1 of our issued and outstanding shares. A committee consisting of four independent directors of the Company, which we refer to herein as the KSOP Committee, currently serves as trustee of the KSOP. Each KSOP participant will have the right to vote the shares allocated to such participant s account on all matters requiring a vote of our shareholders, but the KSOP committee, as trustee of the KSOP, retains sole voting power over all shares held by the KSOP that are not allocated to participants accounts and all shares for which they have received no voting instructions from the participant. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares owned by our KSOP that were unallocated to participants accounts. 
 As a result of their significant control over our business, our management and board of directors may be able to significantly affect the outcome of the election of directors and the potential outcome of other matters submitted to a vote of 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our shareholders, such as mergers, the sale of substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary corporate matters. The interests of these insiders could conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including you. 
 The holders of our existing debt obligations, as well as debt obligations that may be outstanding in the future, will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest. 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, our common stock would rank below all claims of debt holders against us. As of December 31, 2022, we had a senior, unsecured line of credit with an available balance of 25.0 million, with none advanced. We also had 41.9 million of subordinated debt obligations and approximately 7.2 million of junior subordinated debentures issued to statutory trusts that, in turn, issued 7.0 million of trust preferred securities. Payments of the principal and interest on the trust preferred securities are conditionally guaranteed by us. Our debt obligations are senior to our shares of common stock. As a result, we must make payments on our debt obligations before any dividends can be paid on our common stock. In the event of our bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, these existing and any future debt obligations must be satisfied in full before any distributions can be made to the holders of our common stock. We have the right to defer distributions on our junior subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) for up to five years, during which time no dividends may be paid to holders of our common stock. To the extent that we issue additional debt obligations or junior subordinated debentures, the additional debt obligations or additional junior subordinated debentures will be senior to our shares of common stock. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of formation authorizes us to issue up to 15,000,000 shares of one or more series of preferred stock. Our board of directors has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price, and materially adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 We are dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. 
 Our primary asset is Guaranty Bank Trust. As such, the Company depends upon the Bank for cash distributions (through dividends on the Bank s common stock) that the Company uses to pay its operating expenses, satisfy its obligations (including its junior subordinated debentures and other debt obligations) and to pay dividends on the Company s common stock. Federal statutes, regulations and policies restrict the Bank s ability to make cash distributions to the Company. These statutes and regulations require, among other things, that the Bank maintain certain levels of capital in order to pay a dividend. Further, the OCC has the ability to restrict the Bank s payment of dividends by supervisory action. If the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, we will not be able to satisfy our obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Our dividend policy may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 
 We anticipate that dividends will be declared and paid in the month following the end of each calendar quarter, and we anticipate paying a quarterly dividend on our common stock in an amount equal to approximately 25.0 to 30.0 of our net income for the immediately preceding quarter. However, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such cash dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Any declaration and payment of dividends on common stock will depend upon the ability of the Bank to make cash distributions to the Company, our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to the common stock and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Furthermore, consistent with our strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability, projected liquidity needs and other factors, we have made, and will continue to make, capital management decisions and policies that could adversely affect the amount of dividends, if any, paid to our common shareholders. 
 The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy in relation to the organization s overall asset quality, current and prospective earnings and level, composition and quality of capital. The guidance provides that we inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to declaring and paying a dividend 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to our capital structure, including interest on the junior subordinated debentures underlying our trust preferred securities and our other debt obligations. If required payments on our outstanding junior subordinated debentures, held by our unconsolidated subsidiary trusts, or our other debt obligations, are not made or are deferred, or dividends on any preferred stock we may issue are not paid, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 Our corporate organizational documents and provisions of federal and state law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition that you may favor or an attempted replacement of our board of directors or management. 
 Our certificate of formation and our bylaws (each as amended and restated) may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control or a replacement of our board of directors or management. Our governing documents include provisions that: 
 empower our board of directors, without shareholder approval, to issue our preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are to be set by our board of directors; 

divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 

provide that directors may only be removed from office for cause and only upon a majority shareholder vote; 

eliminate cumulative voting in elections of directors; 

permit our board of directors to alter, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or to adopt new bylaws; 

require the request of holders of at least 50.0 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting to call a special shareholders meeting; 

prohibit shareholder action by less than unanimous written consent, thereby requiring virtually all actions to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders; 

require shareholders that wish to bring business before annual or special meetings of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders, to provide timely notice of their intent in writing; and 

enable our board of directors to increase or decrease, between annual meetings, the number of persons serving as directors and to fill the vacancies created as a result of an increase by a majority vote of the directors present at a meeting of directors. 

In addition, certain provisions of Texas law, including a provision which restricts certain business combinations between a Texas corporation and certain affiliated shareholders, may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control. Furthermore, banking laws impose notice, approval, and ongoing regulatory requirements on any shareholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company. These laws include the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHC Act, and the Change in Bank Control Act, or the CBCA. These laws could delay or prevent an acquisition. 
 Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of formation provides that the state courts located in Titus County, Texas, the county in which our legacy headquarters in Mount Pleasant lie, will be the exclusive forum for: (a) any actual or purported derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty by any of our directors or officers, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or our directors or officers arising pursuant to the TBOC, our certificate of formation, or our bylaws; or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. By becoming a shareholder of our Company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of formation related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of formation may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of formation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and is subject to risk of loss. 
 Any shares of our common stock you purchase will not be savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any of our bank or non-bank subsidiaries and will not be insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Your investment will be subject to investment risk, and you must be capable of affording the loss of your entire investment. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES. 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Bank operates 32 banking locations, all of which are located in Texas. Our principal executive office is located at 16475 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. The Bank currently operates banking locations in the following Texas locations: Austin (two locations), Georgetown, Bogata, Bryan, College Station (two locations), Commerce, Conroe, Dallas (two locations), Denton (two locations), Fort Worth, Hallsville, Houston (three locations), Longview, Mount Pleasant (two locations), Mount Vernon, New Boston, Paris (two locations), Pittsburg, Rockwall, Royse City, Sulphur Springs, and Texarkana (three locations). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 21 of our branch locations, had one location in which we owned the building and had a long-term land lease on the real property associated with the branch, and leased the remaining 10 locations. The terms of our leases generally range from one to 13 years and give us the option to renew for subsequent terms of equal duration or otherwise extend the lease term subject to price adjustment based on market conditions at the time of renewal. We believe that the 11 leases to which we are subject are generally on terms consistent with prevailing market terms, and none of the leases are with our directors, officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our voting securities or any affiliates of the foregoing. We believe that our facilities are in good condition and are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 The Company is from time to time subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims and litigation may include, among other things, allegations of violation of banking and other applicable regulations, competition law, labor laws and consumer protection laws, as well as claims or litigation relating to intellectual property, securities, breach of contract and tort. The Company intends to defend itself vigorously against any pending or future claims and litigation. 
 At this time, in the opinion of management, the likelihood is remote that the impact of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the Company combined results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, one or more unfavorable outcomes in any claim or litigation against the Company could have a material adverse effect for the period in which they are resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention and may materially adversely affect the Company s reputation, even if resolved in our favor. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Beginning on March 7, 2023, shares of our common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GNTY . Prior to that date, our shares were traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the Nasdaq since our initial public offering IPO on May 9, 2017. Prior to our IPO, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 As of March 8, 2023, there were 348 holders of record of our common stock. The number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because securities dealers and others frequently hold shares in street name for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements Note 16 Regulatory Matters for the frequency and amount of cash dividends paid by us. Also, see Item 1. Business Regulation and Supervision Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends for restrictions on our present or future ability to pay dividends, particularly those restrictions arising under federal and state banking laws. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following table and graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock to the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index for the period of December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The following assumes 100 was invested in each of our common stock, the S P 500 and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index values on December 31, 2017, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The historical stock price performance for our common stock shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2018 

December 31, 2019 

December 31, 2020 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 

Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

100.00 

99.14 

111.88 

105.05 

148.35 

140.19 

S P 500 Index 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 

100.00 

83.44 

104.69 

95.08 

132.36 

116.69 

Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 Stock Repurchases 
 On April 21, 2022, the Company announced the adoption of a new stock repurchase program that authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of Company common stock. The stock repurchase program will be effective until the earlier of April 21, 2024, or the date all shares authorized for repurchase under the program have been repurchased, unless shortened or extended by the board of directors. The repurchase plan permits shares to be acquired from time to time in the open market or negotiated transactions at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interest of both the Company and its shareholders, subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, general market and economic conditions, the financial and regulatory condition of the Company, liquidity and other factors. 
 There were 250,625 shares of Company common stock repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2022, at a weighted-average price per share of 35.26. No shares of Company common stock were repurchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, authority to repurchase 805,612 shares remains available under the stock repurchase program approved on April 21, 2022. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 6. [RE SERVED]. 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND A NALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and are based on certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable but may prove to be inaccurate. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth under Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected results discussed in the forward-looking statements appearing in this discussion and analysis. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, would and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 our ability to prudently manage our growth and execute our strategy; 

risks associated with our acquisition and de novo branching strategy; 

business and economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry, nationally and within our primary markets; 

deterioration of our asset quality; 

changes in the value of collateral securing our loans; 

changes in management personnel; 

liquidity risks associated with our business; 

interest rate risk associated with our business; 

our ability to maintain important deposit customer relationships and our reputation; 

operational risks associated with our business; 

volatility and direction of market interest rates; 

increased competition in the financial services industry, particularly from regional and national institutions; 

changes in the laws, rules, regulations, interpretations or policies relating to financial institution, accounting, tax, trade, monetary and fiscal matters; 

further government intervention in the U.S. financial system; 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 natural disasters and adverse weather, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or public health outbreaks (such as coronavirus) or other international or domestic calamities, and other matters beyond our control; and 

other factors that are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 General 
 We were incorporated in 1990 to serve as the holding company for Guaranty Bank Trust. Since our founding, we have built a reputation based on financial stability and community leadership. In May 2017, we consummated an initial public offering of our common stock, which began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market until March 7, 2023, at which time our listing was transferred to the New York Stock Exchange, where our common stock continues to trade. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operate 32 banking locations in the East Texas, Dallas/Fort Worth, Central Texas and Greater Houston regions of the state. Our principal executive office is located at 16475 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas, 75001 and our telephone number is (888) 572-9881. Our website address is gnty.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute a part of this Report and is not incorporated by reference into this filing or any other report. 
 As a bank holding company that operates through one segment, we generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments, customer service and loan fees, fees related to the sale of mortgage loans, and trust and wealth management services. We incur interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds, as well as noninterest expense, such as salaries and employee benefits and occupancy expenses. We analyze our ability to maximize income generated from interest earning assets and control the interest expenses of our liabilities, measured as net interest income, through our net interest margin and net interest spread. Net interest income is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings, which are used to fund those assets. Net interest margin is a ratio calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Net interest spread is the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Changes in market interest rates and the interest rates we earn on interest-earning assets or pay on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as in the volume and types of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing liabilities and shareholders equity, are usually the largest drivers of periodic changes in net interest spread, net interest margin and net interest income. Fluctuations in market interest rates are driven by many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, macroeconomic developments, changes in unemployment, the money supply, political and international conditions and conditions in domestic and foreign financial markets. Periodic changes in the volume and types of loans in our loan portfolio are affected by, among other factors, economic and competitive conditions in Texas, as well as developments affecting the real estate, technology, financial services, insurance, transportation, manufacturing and energy sectors within our target markets and throughout the State of Texas. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 In March 2020, the outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization and resulted in a wide variety of health and economic impacts to individuals and businesses. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. It contained substantial tax and spending provisions intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act included the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), a program designed to aid small- and medium-sized businesses through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks. PPP loans were intended to provide eligible businesses with 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 funding for payroll and other costs to help those businesses remain viable and allow their workers to pay their bills and the loans were forgivable to the extent that the borrower could demonstrate that the funds were used for such costs. In December 2020, several portions of the CARES Act were extended as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, including additional stimulus payments to consumers and a second round of PPP loans PPP2 for small businesses during 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and with general practices within the financial services industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under current circumstances. These assumptions form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from independent, objective sources. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Use of alternative assumptions may have resulted in significantly different estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 We have identified the following accounting policies and estimates that, due to the difficult, subjective or complex judgments and assumptions inherent in those policies and estimates, and the potential sensitivity of our consolidated financial statements to those judgments and assumptions, is critical to an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements are appropriate. 
 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) 
 Loans are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, reduced by unearned income and an allowance for credit losses. Interest on loans is recognized using the simple-interest method on the daily balances of the principal amounts outstanding. Fees associated with the origination of loans and certain direct loan origination costs are netted and the net amount is deferred and recognized over the life of the loan as an adjustment of yield. 
 The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when there is a clear indication that the borrower s cash flow may not be sufficient to meet payments as they become due, which is generally when a loan is 90 days past due. A loan may continue to accrue interest, even if it is more than 90 days past due, if the loan is both well collateralized and it is in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all previously accrued and unpaid interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized on a cash basis as long as the remaining book balance of the asset is deemed to be collectible. If collectability is questionable, then cash payments are applied to principal. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. 
 The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the loans' amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans are charged off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Recoveries will not exceed the aggregate of loan amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We use the weighted-average remaining maturity method (WARM method) as the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. The WARM method uses a historical average annual charge-off rate. This average annual charge-off rate contains loss content over a historical lookback period and is used as a foundation for estimating the credit loss reserve for the remaining outstanding balances of loans in a pool or segment of our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The average annual charge-off rate is applied to the contractual term, further adjusted for estimated prepayments, to determine the unadjusted historical charge-off rate. The calculation of the unadjusted historical charge-off rate is then adjusted for current conditions and for reasonable and supportable forecast periods. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. These qualitative factors serve to compensate for additional areas of uncertainty inherent in the portfolio that are not reflected in our historic loss factors. In early 2020, to address the uncertainties resulting from COVID-19, an additional qualitative factor was added to specifically address COVID-related economic factors and potential credit losses, in addition to our standard qualitative factors. This specific qualitative factor was removed in early 2022. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool or segment) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. Our loan portfolio segments include both regulatory call report codes and internally identified risk ratings for our commercial loan segments and delinquency status for our consumer loan segments. We also have separate segments for our warehouse lines of credit, for our internally originated SBA loans, for our SBA loans acquired from Westbound Bank, and for loans originated under the PPP program. 
 In general, the loans in our portfolio have low historical credit losses. The credit quality of loans in our portfolio is impacted by delinquency status and debt service coverage generated by our borrowers businesses and fluctuations in the value of real estate collateral. Management considers delinquency status to be the most meaningful indicator of the credit quality of one-to-four single family residential, home equity loans and lines of credit and other consumer loans. In general, these types of loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been outstanding for some period of time, a process we refer to as seasoning. As a result, a portfolio of older loans will usually behave more predictably than a portfolio of newer loans. We consider the majority of our consumer type loans to be seasoned and that the credit quality and current level of delinquencies and defaults represents the level of reserve needed in the allowance for credit losses. If delinquencies and defaults were to increase, we may be required to increase our provision for credit losses, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Delinquency statistics are updated at least monthly. 
 Internal risk ratings are considered the most meaningful indicator of credit quality for new commercial and industrial, construction, and commercial real estate loans. Internal risk ratings are a key factor that impacts management s estimates of loss factors used in determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses. Internal risk ratings are updated on a continuous basis. 
 Loans with unique risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans evaluated individually are excluded from the collective evaluation. When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. 
 For off-balance sheet credit exposures, we estimate expected credit losses over the contractual period in which we are exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancelable by us. The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. 
 From time to time, we modify our loan agreement with a borrower. A modified loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring (TDR) when two conditions are met: (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (ii) concessions are made by us that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower with similar credit risk characteristics. Modifications to loan terms may include a lower interest rate, a reduction of principal, or a longer term to maturity. We review each troubled debt restructured loan and determine on a case-by-case basis if the loan can be grouped with its like segment for allowance consideration or whether it should be individually evaluated for a specific allowance for credit loss allocation. If individually evaluated, an allowance for credit loss allocation is based on either the present value of estimated future cash flows or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. Most modifications made as a direct result of COVID-19 were not TDRs pursuant to the CARES Act and the April 7, 2020 Interagency guidance and GAAP. 
 We have certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income with an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis and makes changes as appropriate. Management receives frequent reports related to loan originations, quality, concentrations, delinquencies, non-performing and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions, both by type of loan and geography. 
 Commercial and industrial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and effectively. Underwriting standards are designed to determine whether the borrower possesses sound business ethics and practices and to evaluate current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and, secondarily, on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, and include personal guarantees. 
 Real estate loans are also subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and industrial loans. These loans are underwritten primarily based on projected cash flows and, secondarily, as loans secured by real 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 estate collateral. The repayment of real estate loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loans or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing our real estate portfolio are generally diverse in terms of type and geographic location throughout the State of Texas. This diversity helps us reduce the exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single market or industry. 
 We utilize methodical credit standards and analysis to supplement our policies and procedures in underwriting consumer loans. Our loan policy addresses types of consumer loans that may be originated as well as the underlying collateral, if secured, which must be perfected. The relatively small individual dollar amounts of consumer loans that are spread over numerous individual borrowers also minimize risk. 
 Marketable Securities 
 Securities are classified as held to maturity and carried at amortized cost when management has the positive intent and ability to hold them to maturity. Securities are classified as available for sale when they might be sold before maturity. Securities available for sale are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive (loss) income. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase. Interest income includes amortization and accretion of purchase premiums and discounts. Gains and losses on sales are recorded on the trade date and determined using the specific identification method. 
 From time to time, we have reclassified certain securities from available for sale to held to maturity. Such transfers are made at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gains and losses at the date of transfer are retained in other comprehensive (loss) income and in the carrying value of the held to maturity securities and are amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the security. These unamortized unrealized losses and unaccreted unrealized gains on our transferred securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on our balance sheet and netted to an unrealized loss of 5.9 million at December 31, 2022. This amount will be amortized out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income over the remaining life of the underlying securities as an adjustment of the yield on those securities. 
 Management evaluates securities for an allowance for credit losses based on whether they are classified as held to maturity or available for sale. For held to maturity securities, management measures expected credit losses on a collective basis by major security type and credit rating. The estimate of expected credit losses considers historical credit loss information that is then adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. For available for sale securities in an unrealized loss position, we first assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities available for sale that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically relate to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for (or reversal of) credit losses expense. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of an available for sale security is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. 
 Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
 Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect the estimates. The fair value estimates of existing on and off-balance sheet financial instruments do not include the value of anticipated future business or the value of assets and liabilities not considered financial instruments. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 

Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 A discussion regarding our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022, which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our Investor Relations website at investors.gnty.com. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Our operating results depend primarily on our net interest income. Fluctuations in market interest rates impact the yield and rates paid on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. Changes in the amount and type of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities also impact our net interest income. To evaluate net interest income, we measure and monitor (1) yields on our loans and other interest-earning assets, (2) the costs of our deposits and other funding sources, (3) our net interest spread and (4) our net interest margin. Because noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and shareholders equity also fund interest-earning assets, net interest margin includes the benefit of these noninterest-bearing sources. 
 Net interest income, before the provision for credit losses, was 107.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 95.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 12.3 million, or 12.8 . The increase in net interest income before the provision (or reverse provision) for credit losses resulted primarily from an increase in average interest-earning assets of 321.8 million, or 11.7 , which resulted in a 20.7 million increase in interest income despite only a 28 basis point increase in yield between the two periods. The increase in average loans outstanding from the prior year was primarily due to organic growth. Excluding PPP loans, the average loans outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 318.9 million, or 17.8 , from the prior year. The increase in interest income was partially offset by an 8.4 million, or 120.0 , increase in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The 8.4 million increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to an increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits of 23 basis points in conjunction with a 68.9 million, or 4.3 , increase in average interest-bearing deposits over the same period in 2021. Interest expense was also affected by a 206 basis point increase in the rate paid on our average outstanding FHLB advances and fed funds purchased, which increased 83.7 million, or 170.6 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The average deposit balance increase is the result of organic growth, apparent changes in consumer and business spending habits, and lack of stable investment alternatives for some depositors, and the increase in the average balance of FHLB advances and fed funds purchased was to meet liquidity needs and to hedge interest rate risk. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net interest margin on a taxable equivalent basis and net interest spread were 3.54 and 3.18 , respectively, compared to 3.51 and 3.32 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which reflects a 28 basis point increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets, partially offset by a 42 basis point increase in the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities from the prior year. 
 Variances in the provisions for credit losses, resulting primarily from the effects of COVID-19, and participation in the PPP program, created temporary extraordinary results in the calculation of net earnings and related performance ratios. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table illustrates net earnings and net core earnings per share, which are pre-tax, pre-provision and pre-extraordinary PPP income, as well as net core performance ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

40,447 

39,806 

Adjustments: 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

2,150 

(1,700) 

Income tax provision 

8,834 

8,750 

PPP interest income, including fees 

(1,277) 

(7,822) 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

50,154 

39,034 

Total average assets 

3,260,584 

2,922,950 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans average balance 

(11,820) 

(115,402) 

Total average assets, adjusted 

3,248,764 

2,807,548 

Total average equity 

293,910 

290,051 

PERFORMANCE RATIOS 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average assets 

1.24 

1.36 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average equity 

13.76 

13.72 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average assets, as adjusted 

1.54 

1.39 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average equity 

17.06 

13.46 

PER COMMON SHARE DATA 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 

11,980,209 

12,065,182 

Earnings per common share, basic 

3.38 

3.30 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. per common share, basic 

4.19 

3.24 

Non-GAAP financial metric. Calculations of this metric and reconciliations to GAAP are included in Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 

Average Balance Sheet Amounts, Interest Earned and Yield Analysis 
 The following table presents an analysis of net interest income and net interest spread for the periods indicated, including average outstanding balances for all major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest earned or paid on such amounts, and the average rates earned or paid on such assets or liabilities, respectively. The table also sets forth the net interest margin on average total interest-earning assets for the same periods. Interest earned on loans that are classified as nonaccrual is not recognized in income; however, the balances are reflected in average outstanding balances for the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of interest income not recognized on nonaccrual loans was not material. Any nonaccrual loans have been included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

ASSETS 

Interest-earning assets: 

Total loans (1) 

2,126,810 

104,503 

4.91 

1,911,540 

92,497 

4.84 

1,872,914 

93,335 

4.98 

Securities available for sale 

287,764 

5,808 

2.02 

356,232 

6,839 

1.92 

338,510 

7,798 

2.30 

Securities held to maturity 

518,213 

10,789 

2.08 

74,270 

2,141 

2.88 

35,935 

956 

2.66 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

18,791 

1,246 

6.63 

10,043 

740 

7.37 

10,761 

439 

4.08 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

121,609 

863 

0.71 

399,285 

333 

0.08 

146,659 

514 

0.35 

Total interest-earning assets 

3,073,187 

123,209 

4.01 

2,751,370 

102,550 

3.73 

2,404,779 

103,042 

4.28 

Allowance for credit losses 

(29,415) 

(31,888) 

(29,100) 

Noninterest-earning assets 

216,812 

203,468 

195,324 

Total assets 

3,260,584 

2,922,950 

2,571,003 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing deposits 

1,670,287 

9,753 

0.58 

1,601,375 

5,651 

0.35 

1,468,353 

11,624 

0.79 

Advances from FHLB and fed funds purchased 

132,764 

3,855 

2.90 

49,056 

413 

0.84 

75,940 

470 

0.62 

Line of credit 

34 

6,066 

216 

3.56 

6,727 

213 

3.17 

Subordinated debt 

46,977 

1,722 

3.67 

19,810 

700 

3.53 

17,198 

702 

4.08 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

8,596 

16 

0.19 

14,812 

12 

0.08 

18,115 

51 

0.28 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,858,624 

15,380 

0.83 

1,691,119 

6,992 

0.41 

1,586,333 

13,060 

0.82 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

1,082,513 

916,562 

696,454 

Accrued interest and other liabilities 

25,537 

25,218 

24,450 

Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 

1,108,050 

941,780 

720,904 

Equity 

293,910 

290,051 

263,766 

Total liabilities and equity 

3,260,584 

2,922,950 

2,571,003 

Net interest rate spread (2) 

3.18 

3.32 

3.46 

Net interest income 

107,829 

95,558 

89,982 

Net interest margin (3) 

3.51 

3.47 

3.74 

Net interest margin, fully taxable equivalent (4) 

3.54 

3.51 

3.77 

(1) Includes average outstanding balances of loans held for sale of 2.4 million and 3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(2) Net interest spread is the average yield on interest-earning assets minus the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3) Net interest margin is equal to net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 

(4) Net interest margin on a taxable equivalent basis is equal to net interest income adjusted for nontaxable income divided by average interest-earning assets, using a marginal tax rate of 21 . 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Bank s participation in the PPP program created temporary extraordinary results in the calculation of net interest margin. To illustrate the impact of the PPP program on net interest margin, the table below excludes PPP1 and PPP2 loans and their associated fees and costs for the quarter and years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned 

Average Yield 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned 

Average Yield 

Total interest-earning assets 

3,073,187 

123,209 

4.01 

2,751,370 

102,550 

3.73 

Total loans 

2,126,810 

104,503 

4.91 

1,911,540 

92,497 

4.84 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans average balance and net fees (1) 

(11,820) 

(1,277) 

10.80 

(115,402) 

(7,223) 

6.26 

Total loans, net of PPP effects 

2,114,990 

103,226 

4.88 

1,796,138 

85,274 

4.75 

Total interest-earning assets, net of PPP effects 

3,061,367 

121,932 

3.98 

2,635,968 

95,327 

3.62 

Net interest income, fully taxable equivalent FTE 

108,729 

96,634 

Net interest margin, FTE 

3.54 

3.51 

Net interest income, FTE, net of PPP effects 

107,452 

89,411 

Net interest margin, FTE, net of PPP effects 

3.51 

3.39 

Non-GAAP financial metric. Calculations of this and reconciliations to GAAP are included in Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

(1) Interest earned consists of interest income of 115,000 and 1.1 million, and net origination fees recognized in earnings of 1.2 million and 6.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following tables present the change in interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated for all major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and distinguishes between the changes attributable to changes in volume and interest rates. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated to rate. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Due to Change in 

Total Increase 

(in thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Interest-earning assets: 

Total loans 

10,419 

1,587 

12,006 

Securities available for sale 

(1,315) 

284 

(1,031) 

Securities held to maturity 

9,022 

(374) 

8,648 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

645 

(139) 

506 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks 

(222) 

752 

530 

Total increase in interest income 

18,549 

2,110 

20,659 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing deposits 

241 

3,861 

4,102 

Advances from FHLB and fed funds purchased 

703 

2,739 

3,442 

Line of credit 

(216) 

34 

(182) 

Subordinated debt 

959 

63 

1,022 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

(5) 

9 

4 

Total increase in interest expense 

1,682 

6,706 

8,388 

Increase (decrease) in net interest income 

16,867 

(4,596) 

12,271 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) 

Due to Change in 

Total Increase 

(in thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Interest-earning assets: 

Total loans 

1,924 

(2,762) 

(838) 

Securities available for sale 

408 

(1,367) 

(959) 

Securities held to maturity 

1,020 

165 

1,185 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

(29) 

330 

301 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks 

884 

(1,065) 

(181) 

Total increase (decrease) in interest income 

4,207 

(4,699) 

(492) 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing deposits 

1,051 

(7,024) 

(5,973) 

Advances from FHLB and fed funds purchased 

(167) 

110 

(57) 

Line of credit 

(21) 

24 

3 

Subordinated debentures 

107 

(109) 

(2) 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

(9) 

(30) 

(39) 

Total increase in interest expense 

961 

(7,029) 

(6,068) 

Increase in net interest income 

3,246 

2,330 

5,576 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses is a charge to income in order to bring our allowance for credit losses to a level deemed appropriate by management based on factors such as historical loss experience, trends in classified and past due loans, volume and growth in the loan portfolio, current economic conditions in our markets and value of the underlying collateral. Loans are charged off against the allowance for credit losses when determined appropriate. Although management believes it uses the best information available to make determinations with respect to the provision for credit losses, future adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions differ from the assumptions used in making the determination. For a full description of the factors taken into account by our management in determining the allowance for credit losses see Financial Condition Allowance for Credit Losses . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for credit losses of 2.2 million, compared to a reverse provision of 1.7 million in 2021. The provision in 2022 was recorded primarily to incorporate economic forecasts for a recession into our CECL model, as well as to account for our continued organic loan growth during the year ended December 31, 2022. At the onset of the COVID pandemic in 2020, we established COVID-specific qualitative factors to estimate the potential impact of the pandemic to our loan portfolio as a whole, which led to a provision during 2020 of 13.2 million. As the economic, health and other impacts of the virus became more clear and cases began to decline, we reduced the COVID-specific qualitative factors during 2021 and fully unwound these specific factors during the first quarter of 2022, which resulted in a 1.25 million reverse provision during the first quarter of 2022 and no provision in the second quarter of 2022. Minimal updates were made to our qualitative factors, including forecasted conditions, during the third quarter of 2022. However, in the fourth quarter of 2022, consensus among economists, as typified by a Wall Street Journal survey, indicated that an economic recession is likely in 2023. Using this information, along with other economic indicators (such as the inverted yield curve), we adjusted certain qualitative factors to account for the forecasted information and during the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a 2.8 million provision for credit losses to account for these economic indicators and our continued organic loan growth. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.34 . 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 14.1 million in loan balances past due 30 or more days, which included 9.6 million in loan balances for nonperforming (nonaccrual) loans, compared to 5.9 million and 2.8 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The increase in nonperforming assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 resulted primarily from the addition of four loans to nonaccrual assets during the second quarter of 2022, which had a combined book balance of 6.7 million as of December 31, 2022. These four loans are Small Business Administration (SBA) 7(a), partially guaranteed (75 loans, acquired in the June 2018 acquisition of Westbound Bank. They are collateralized by two hotels, were identified as problem assets prior to COVID-19, but obtained government stimulus and other relief which allowed the two related borrowers to remain current through early 2022. Management continues to work toward a satisfactory resolution for these four loans, however, in the event of foreclosure, a significant loss is not expected due to estimated current collateral values and the SBA guarantees. Another previously classified loan was downgraded to non-accrual status during the fourth quarter of 2022 with a principal balance of 1.4 million. The loan is well-secured and has a low loan-to-value ratio with guarantor support. Management expects this loan to be paid in full by the second quarter of 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 2023. Total nonperforming (nonaccrual) loans were 10.8 million and 2.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 609,000, compared to 1.5 million in 2021. The decrease in net charge-offs was primarily due to the resolution of three nonperforming loans which had resulted in charge-offs realized of 745,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table shows the ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding by loan category for the dates indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Commercial and industrial 

0.04 

0.10 

(0.01) 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate 

0.13 

1-4 family residential 

(0.01) 

0.02 

Consumer 

0.48 

0.23 

0.22 

Agricultural 

(0.05) 

(0.01) 

Overdrafts 

55.85 

49.85 

54.14 

Net charge-offs to total loans 

0.03 

0.08 

0.02 

Noninterest Income 
 Our primary sources of recurring noninterest income are service charges on deposit accounts, merchant and debit card fees, fiduciary income, gains on the sale of both mortgage and SBA loans, and income from bank-owned life insurance . Noninterest income does not include loan origination fees to the extent they exceed the direct loan origination costs, which are generally recognized over the life of the related loan as an adjustment to yield using the interest method. 
 The following table presents components of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the period-over-period variations in the categories of noninterest income: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 vs. 2021 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges 

4,288 

3,772 

516 

Gain on sales of investment securities 

172 

172 

Gain on sale of loans 

2,435 

5,528 

(3,093) 

Fiduciary and custodial income 

2,498 

2,333 

165 

Bank-owned life insurance income 

842 

840 

2 

Merchant and debit card fees 

7,121 

6,717 

404 

Loan processing fee income 

761 

669 

92 

Warehouse lending fees 

291 

812 

(521) 

Mortgage fee income 

389 

612 

(223) 

Other noninterest income 

4,688 

3,293 

1,395 

Total noninterest income 

23,485 

24,576 

(1,091) 

Total noninterest income decreased 1.1 million, or 4.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. Material changes in the components of noninterest income are discussed below. 
 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts. We earn fees from our customers for deposit related services, and these fees typically constitute a significant and generally predictable component of our non-interest income. Service fee income was 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.8 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 516,000, or 13.7 , resulting from growth in the number of DDAs and debit card usage volume during 2022. The total number of DDAs increased by 2,019 accounts, from 52,848 as of December 31, 2021 to 54,867 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Net Realized Gain on Securities Transactions. We sell securities from time-to-time, which results in gains or losses being recognized in the income statement as noninterest income. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we sold securities for a net gain of 172,000. No securities were sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Gain on Sale of Loans . We originate long-term fixed-rate mortgage loans and Small Business Administration (SBA) loans for resale into the secondary market. We sold 271 mortgage loans for 72.8 million during the year ended December 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 31, 2022 compared to 501 mortgage loans for 116.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is consistent with the industry wide decline in overall mortgage volumes attributable to increased mortgage loan rates during the year. Gain on sale of loans was 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3.1 million, or 56.0 , compared to 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 2.0 million and 392,000 of the gain in the current year was attributable to the sales of mortgage loans and SBA 7(a) loans, respectively, while the gain during the prior year consisted of 4.4 million in mortgage loan sales and 1.1 million in SBA 7(a) loan sales. 
 Fiduciary and Custodial Income. We have trust powers and provide fiduciary and custodial services through our trust and wealth management division. Fiduciary income was 2.5 million and 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 165,000, or 7.1 . The revenue increase resulted primarily from 66 new accounts that opened in 2022, which have generated additional income. Furthermore, revenue for our services fluctuates by month with the market value for all publicly traded assets, which are primarily held in irrevocable trusts and investment management accounts that carry higher fees. Additionally, our custody-only assets are carried in a tiered percentage rate fee schedule charged against market value. 
 Merchant and Debit Card Fees. We earn interchange income related to the activity of our customers merchant debit card usage. Debit card interchange income was 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 6.7 million for 2021, an increase of 404,000, or 6.0 . The increase was primarily due to an annual earnings credit received from our debit card vendor and growth in the number of DDAs and debit card usage volume during 2022. The total number of DDAs increased by 2,019 accounts, from 52,848 as of December 31, 2021 to 54,867 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Loan Processing Fee Income. Revenue earned from collection of loan processing fees was 761,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 669,000 for 2021, an increase of 92,000, or 13.8 . The increase in loan processing fee income is primarily attributable to an increase in the volume of newly originated, renewed or extended loans during the period. 
 Warehouse Lending Fees. A portion of our lending involves the origination of mortgage warehouse lines of credit. The decrease in warehouse lending fees of 521,000, or 64.2 , results from a decrease in overall warehouse lending activity in 2022. The average annual balance of mortgage warehouse lines decreased from 66.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 46.6 million or 70.0 . 
 Mortgage Fee Income. Mortgage fee income consists of lender processing fees such as underwriting fees, administrative fees and funding fees that are collected from mortgage loans that the Bank intends to sell on the secondary market. The decrease of 223,000, or 36.4 , from December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a lower volume of mortgage purchases and refinances during 2022, which was attributed to increased mortgage loan rates during the year. 
 Other. This category includes a variety of other income producing activities, including mortgage loan origination fees, wire transfer fees, loan administration fees, and other fee income. Other noninterest income increased 1.4 million, or 42.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, resulting primarily from a net gain of 685,000 from the termination of three interest rate swaps during the first quarter of 2022 and a gain on sale of an airplane asset for 894,000 during the third quarter of 2022. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Generally, noninterest expense is composed of all employee expenses and costs associated with operating our facilities, obtaining and retaining customer relationships and providing bank services. The largest component of noninterest expense is salaries and employee benefits. Noninterest expense also includes operational expenses, such as occupancy expenses, depreciation and amortization of our facilities and our furniture, fixtures and office equipment, professional and regulatory fees, including FDIC assessments, data processing expenses, and advertising and promotion expenses. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest expense totaled 79.9 million, an increase of 6.6 million, or 9.0 , compared to 73.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the major categories of noninterest expense:	 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 vs. 2021 

Employee compensation and benefits 

47,477 

42,345 

5,132 

Non-staff expenses: 

Occupancy expenses 

11,129 

10,944 

185 

Legal and professional fees 

2,825 

2,599 

226 

Software and technology 

5,482 

4,594 

888 

Amortization 

724 

1,154 

(430) 

Director and committee fees 

836 

823 

13 

Advertising and promotions 

1,593 

1,758 

(165) 

ATM and debit card expense 

2,715 

2,445 

270 

Telecommunication expense 

750 

807 

(57) 

FDIC insurance assessment fees 

1,101 

851 

250 

Other noninterest expense 

5,275 

4,958 

317 

Total noninterest expense 

79,907 

73,278 

6,629 

Material changes in the components of noninterest expense are discussed below. 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Salaries and employee benefits are the largest component of noninterest expense and include payroll expense, the cost of incentive compensation, benefit plans, health insurance and payroll taxes. Salaries and employee benefits were 47.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.1 million, or 12.1 , compared to 42.3 million in 2021. Employee compensation and benefits expense increased due to higher salaries, higher insurance expense accruals due to increased claims experienced and increased bonus accruals due to higher net earnings. 
 Legal and Professional Fees. Legal and professional fees, which include audit, loan review and regulatory assessments other than FDIC insurance assessment fees, were 2.8 million and 2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 226,000, or 8.7 . The increase resulted primarily from an increase of 151,000 in external auditor fees and a 42,000 increase in semi-annual OCC assessment fees in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Software and Technology. Software and technology expenses increased 888,000, or 19.3 , from 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is attributable primarily to new software investments to enhance automation and efficiencies, digital banking initiatives, cybersecurity monitoring and tools, and other technology capabilities. We also moved to a higher asset tier for billing related to our core processing system, which resulted in higher expense paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Amortization. Amortization costs include amortization of software and core deposit premiums. Amortization costs were 724,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 430,000, or 37.3 , compared to 1.2 million in 2021. The decrease in amortization expense during 2022 was due to a 232,000 decrease in amortization expense on core deposit intangibles associated with previously acquired deposits being fully amortized and a 198,000 decrease in software amortization. 
 ATM and Debit Card Expense. We pay processing fees related to the activity of our customers ATM and debit card usage. ATM and debit card expenses were 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 270,000, or 11.0 , compared to 2.4 million for the same period in 2021 as a result of increased ATM and debit card usage by our customers. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessment Fees. FDIC insurance assessment fees were 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 250,000, or 29.4 , compared to 851,000 for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the insurance assessment rate resulting from changes in certain financial ratios used in the calculation and an overall increase in our assessment base, which is calculated as average total assets less average tangible equity. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The amount of income tax expense we incur is influenced by the amounts of our pre-tax income, tax-exempt income and other nondeductible expenses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at current income tax rates in effect for the period in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, income tax expense totaled 8.8 million. The slight 84,000 increase in income tax expense was primarily due to an increase in net earnings before taxes of 701,000. Our effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 17.93 and 18.02 , respectively. 
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 
 Assets 
 Our total assets increased 265.4 million, or 8.6 , from 3.09 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 3.35 billion as of December 31, 2022. Our asset growth was primarily due to an increase in gross loans of 470.1 million. Our cash and cash equivalents decreased 393.1 million as we deployed excess cash during the year primarily into investments securities, which increased 171.5 million, and loan growth. The increase in loans was due to organic growth. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 Our primary source of income is derived through interest earned on loans to small- to medium-sized businesses, commercial companies, professionals and individuals located in our primary market areas. A substantial portion of our loan portfolio consists of commercial and industrial loans and real estate loans secured by commercial real estate properties located in our primary market areas. Our loan portfolio represents the highest yielding component of our earning asset base. 
 Our loan portfolio is the largest category of our earning assets. As of December 31, 2022, total gross loans held for investment were 2.38 billion, an increase of 470.1 million, or 24.6 , from the December 31, 2021 balance of 1.91 billion. In addition to these amounts, 3.2 million and 4.1 million in loans were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in loans was due to organic growth. 
 Total loans, excluding those held for sale, as a percentage of deposits, were 88.7 and 71.4 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total loans, excluding those held for sale, as a percentage of total assets, were 71.0 and 61.8 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes our loan portfolio by type of loan as of the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Commercial and industrial 

314,067 

13.21 

324,289 

17.00 

445,771 

23.88 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

377,135 

15.86 

307,797 

16.13 

270,407 

14.48 

Commercial real estate 

887,587 

37.32 

622,842 

32.64 

594,216 

31.83 

Farmland 

185,817 

7.81 

145,501 

7.63 

78,508 

4.21 

1-4 family residential 

493,061 

20.73 

410,673 

21.52 

389,096 

20.84 

Multi-family residential 

45,147 

1.90 

30,971 

1.62 

21,701 

1.16 

Consumer and overdrafts 

61,676 

2.59 

51,328 

2.69 

51,386 

2.75 

Agricultural 

13,686 

0.58 

14,639 

0.77 

15,734 

0.85 

Total loans held for investment 

2,378,176 

100.00 

1,908,040 

100.00 

1,866,819 

100.00 

Total loans held for sale 

3,156 

4,129 

5,542 

Commercial and Industrial . Commercial and industrial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and effectively. These loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower, and secondarily, on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, and generally include personal guarantees. Commercial and industrial loans decreased 10.2 million, or 3.2 , to 314.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 324.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in the commercial and industrial 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 portfolio was primarily due to a 33.0 million decrease in our warehouse lending portfolio during the year caused by a reduction in mortgage purchase and refinancing volumes as a result of higher interest rates. 
 Construction and Development . Construction and land development loans are comprised of loans to fund construction, land acquisition and land development construction. The properties securing the portfolio are located throughout Texas and are generally diverse in terms of type. Construction and development loans increased 69.3 million, or 22.5 , to 377.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 307.8 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase resulted from normal fluctuations in construction project volume in our markets, as well as increased construction completion timelines due to supply chain constraints. 
 Commercial Real Estate . Commercial real estate loans are underwritten primarily based on projected cash flows and, secondarily, as loans secured by real estate. These loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the portfolio are located primarily within our markets and are generally diverse in terms of type. This diversity helps reduce our exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single industry. Commercial real estate loans increased 264.7 million, or 42.5 , to 887.6 million as of December 31, 2022 from 622.8 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in commercial real estate loans during the period was driven by organic growth. 
 Farmland. Farmland loans are comprised of loans used for agricultural purposes, and include land with a 1-4 family residential structure if the value of the land exceeds the value of the residence. These loans are subject to risk related to climate change, fluctuations in feed and cattle prices and changes in property values. Farmland loans increased 40.3 million, or 27.7 , to 185.8 million as of December 31, 2022 from 145.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 1-4 Family Residential . Our 1-4 family residential loan portfolio is comprised of loans secured by 1-4 family homes, which are both owner occupied and investor owned. Our 1-4 family residential loans have a relatively small average balance spread across many individual borrowers compared to our other loan categories. Our 1-4 family residential loans increased 82.4 million, or 20.1 , to 493.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 410.7 million as of December 31, 2021. This increase is due to normal fluctuations in residential loans, as well as the decision to retain more of the loans originated in our mortgage department within our bank portfolio, rather than selling them on the secondary market. 
 Other Loan Categories . Other categories of loans included in our loan portfolio include agricultural loans made to farmers and ranchers relating to their operations, multi-family residential loans and consumer loans. None of these categories of loans represents a significant portion of our total loan portfolio. 
 Contractual Loan Maturities . The contractual maturity ranges of loans in our loan portfolio and the amount of such loans with fixed and floating interest rates in each maturity range as of December 31, 2022 are summarized in the following table: 

As of December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 One Year or Less 

After One Through Five Years 

After Five Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

108,683 

138,804 

64,753 

1,827 

314,067 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

194,152 

65,953 

75,399 

41,631 

377,135 

Commercial real estate 

39,788 

258,214 

279,125 

310,460 

887,587 

Farmland 

13,073 

91,450 

45,577 

35,717 

185,817 

1-4 family residential 

27,983 

42,940 

184,055 

238,083 

493,061 

Multi-family residential 

1,429 

21,080 

16,757 

5,881 

45,147 

Consumer 

13,923 

43,570 

2,305 

1,878 

61,676 

Agricultural 

8,491 

4,747 

448 

13,686 

Total loans 

407,522 

666,758 

668,419 

635,477 

2,378,176 

Amounts with fixed rates 

254,745 

515,258 

45,291 

42,393 

857,687 

Amounts with adjustable rates 

152,777 

151,500 

623,128 

593,084 

1,520,489 

Nonperforming Assets 
 Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due, as well as when required by regulatory provisions. Loans may 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due. In general, we place loans on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due. We also place loans on nonaccrual status if they are less than 90 days past due if the collection of principal or interest is in doubt. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed from income. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are, in management s opinion, reasonably assured. 
 We believe our conservative lending approach and focused management of nonperforming assets has resulted in sound asset quality and timely resolution of problem assets. We have several procedures in place to assist us in maintaining the overall quality of our loan portfolio. We have established underwriting guidelines to be followed by our bankers, and we also monitor our delinquency levels for any negative or adverse trends. There can be no assurance, however, that our loan portfolio will not become subject to increasing pressures from deteriorating borrower credit due to general economic conditions. 
 Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total loans were 0.46 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.15 at December 31, 2021. The Bank s nonperforming assets consist primarily of nonaccrual loans. Four loans were added to nonaccrual status in the second quarter of 2022 and are Small Business Administration (SBA) 7(a), partially guaranteed (75 loans, acquired in the June 2018 acquisition of Westbound Bank, with combined book balances of 6.7 million as of December 31, 2022. These loans, collateralized by two hotels, were identified as problem assets prior to COVID-19 but obtained government stimulus and other relief which allowed the two related borrowers to remain current through early 2022. Management continues to work toward a satisfactory resolution for these four loans, however, in the event of foreclosure, a significant loss is not expected due to estimated current collateral values and the SBA guarantees. Another previously classified loan was downgraded to non-accrual status during the fourth quarter with a principal balance of 1.4 million. The loan is considered well-secured and has a low loan-to-value ratio with guarantor support. Management expects this loan will be paid in full by the second quarter of 2023. No losses are anticipated. 
 The following table presents information regarding nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Nonaccrual loans 

10,848 

2,831 

12,705 

Accruing loans 90 or more days past due 

Total nonperforming loans 

10,848 

2,831 

12,705 

Other real estate owned: 

Commercial real estate, construction and development, and farmland 

Residential real estate 

38 

404 

Total other real estate owned 

38 

404 

Repossessed assets owned 

14 

6 

Total other assets owned 

38 

14 

410 

Total nonperforming assets 

10,886 

2,845 

13,115 

Restructured loans-nonaccrual 

6,728 

103 

90 

Restructured loans-accruing 

642 

9,466 

9,626 

Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans (1) 

0.46 

0.15 

0.68 

Ratio of allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 

294.75 

1074.99 

264.61 

Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.32 

0.09 

0.48 

(1) Excludes loans held for sale of 3.2 million, 4.1 million and 5.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table presents information regarding nonaccrual loans by category as of the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Nonaccrual loans by category: 

Commercial and industrial 

115 

148 

27 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

1,435 

Commercial real estate 

7,271 

642 

10,604 

Farmland 

109 

298 

115 

1-4 family residential 

1,691 

1,535 

1,667 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

170 

160 

212 

Agricultural 

57 

48 

80 

Total 

10,848 

2,831 

12,705 

Potential Problem Loans 
 From a credit risk standpoint, we classify loans in one of five risk ratings: pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss. Within the pass rating, we classify loans into one of the following five subcategories based on perceived credit risk, including repayment capacity and collateral security: superior, excellent, good, acceptable and acceptable/watch. The classifications of loans reflect a judgment about the risks of default and loss associated with the loan. We review the ratings on credits monthly. Ratings are adjusted to reflect the degree of risk and loss that is believed to be inherent in each credit as of each monthly reporting period. Our methodology is structured so that specific ACL allocations are increased in accordance with deterioration in credit quality (and a corresponding increase in risk and loss) or decreased in accordance with improvement in credit quality (and a corresponding decrease in risk and loss). 
 Credits rated special mention show clear signs of financial weaknesses or deterioration in creditworthiness; however, such concerns are not so pronounced that we generally expect to experience significant loss within the short-term. Such credits typically maintain the ability to perform within standard credit terms and credit exposure is not as prominent as credits with a lower rating. 
 Credits rated substandard are those in which the normal repayment of principal and interest may be, or has been, jeopardized by reason of adverse trends or developments of a financial, managerial, economic or political nature, or important weaknesses which exist in collateral. A protracted workout on these credits is a distinct possibility. Prompt corrective action is therefore required to reduce exposure and to assure that adequate remedial measures are taken by the borrower. Credit exposure becomes more likely in such credits and a serious evaluation of the secondary support to the credit is performed. 
 Credits rated as doubtful have the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full questionable and there is a high probability of loss based on currently existing facts, conditions and values. 
 Credits rated as loss are charged-off. We have no expectation of the recovery of any payments in respect of credits rated as loss. 
 Loans that were modified for reasons related to the COVID-19 pandemic that avoided TDR status have all returned to contractual payment schedules and are monitored for risk rating classification consistent with all other loans. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following tables summarize the internal ratings of our performing, classified and nonaccrual (as well as substandard) loans, by category, as of: 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Nonaccrual 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

311,685 

1,369 

898 

115 

314,067 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

374,795 

905 

1,435 

377,135 

Commercial real estate 

867,426 

7,321 

5,569 

7,271 

887,587 

Farmland 

185,615 

93 

109 

185,817 

1-4 family residential 

491,171 

199 

1,691 

493,061 

Multi-family residential 

45,147 

45,147 

Consumer and overdrafts 

61,456 

50 

170 

61,676 

Agricultural 

13,594 

3 

32 

57 

13,686 

Total 

2,350,889 

9,847 

6,592 

10,848 

2,378,176 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Nonaccrual 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

323,479 

102 

560 

148 

324,289 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

306,242 

944 

611 

307,797 

Commercial real estate 

573,535 

6,103 

42,562 

642 

622,842 

Farmland 

145,105 

26 

72 

298 

145,501 

1-4 family residential 

409,120 

18 

1,535 

410,673 

Multi-family residential 

30,971 

30,971 

Consumer and overdrafts 

51,087 

81 

160 

51,328 

Agricultural 

14,506 

13 

72 

48 

14,639 

Total 

1,854,045 

7,287 

43,877 

2,831 

1,908,040 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses ACL that represents management s best estimate of the appropriate level of losses and risks inherent in our applicable financial assets under the current expected credit loss model. The amount of the allowance for credit losses should not be interpreted as an indication that charge-offs in future periods will necessarily occur in those amounts, or at all. The determination of the amount of allowance involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. Refer to Note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion regarding our ACL methodologies for loans held for investment and available for sale securities. 
 For available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company evaluates the securities at each measurement date to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis (impairment) is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors, including changes in interest rates. Any impairment that is not credit related is recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income, net of applicable taxes. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an ACL on the balance sheet, limited to the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds the fair value, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings through provision for credit loss expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that all available for sale securities that experienced a decline in fair value below the amortized costs basis were due to noncredit-related factors, therefore no related ACL was recorded and there was no related provision expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For held to maturity debt securities, the Company evaluates expected credit losses on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. With regard to U.S. Treasury and residential mortgage backed securities issued by the U.S. governments, or agencies thereof, it is expected that the securities will not be settled at prices less than the amortized cost bases of the securities as such securities are backed by the full faith and credit of and/or guaranteed by the U.S. government. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 these securities. With regard to municipal securities, management considers 1) issuer bond ratings, 2) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities, 3) internal forecasts and 4) whether or not such securities are guaranteed by the Texas Permanent School Fund or pre-refunded by the issuers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined there were no credit related concerns that warrant an ACL for the held to maturity portfolio. 
 In determining the ACL for loans held for investment, we primarily estimate losses on segments of loans with similar risk characteristics and where the potential loss can be identified and reasonably determined. For loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with our existing segments, they are evaluated individually for an ACL. Our portfolio is segmented by regulatory call report codes, with additional segments for warehouse mortgage loans, SBA loans acquired from Westbound Bank, SBA loans originated by us and SBA PPP loans. The segments are further disaggregated by internally assigned risk rating classifications. The balance of the ACL is determined using the current expected credit loss model, which considers historical loan loss rates, changes in the nature of our loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, industry concentrations, delinquency trends, current economic factors and reasonable and supportable forecasts of the impact of future economic conditions on loan loss rates. Please see Critical Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses . 
 In connection with the review of our loan portfolio, we consider risk elements attributable to particular loan types or categories in assessing the quality of individual loans. Some of the risk elements we consider include: 
 for commercial and industrial loans, the debt service coverage ratio (income from the business in excess of operating expenses compared to loan repayment requirements), the operating results of the commercial, industrial or professional enterprise, the borrower s business, professional and financial ability and expertise, the specific risks and volatility of income and operating results typical for businesses in that category and the value, nature and marketability of collateral; 

for commercial mortgage loans and multifamily residential loans, the debt service coverage ratio, operating results of the owner in the case of owner occupied properties, the loan to value ratio, the age and condition of the collateral and the volatility of income, property value and future operating results typical of properties of that type; 

for 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, the borrower s ability to repay the loan, including a consideration of the debt to income ratio and employment and income stability, the loan-to-value ratio, and the age, condition and marketability of the collateral; and 

for construction and development loans, the perceived feasibility of the project including the ability to sell developed lots or improvements constructed for resale or the ability to lease property constructed for lease, the quality and nature of contracts for presale or prelease, if any, experience and ability of the developer and loan to value ratio. 

As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses totaled 32.0 million, or 1.34 , of total loans, excluding those held for sale. As of December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses totaled 30.4 million, or 1.59 , of total loans, excluding those held for sale, and totaled 1.95 , excluding PPP loans and loans held for sale. The increase in the ACL of 1.5 million, or 5.1 , was primarily to incorporate economic forecasts for a recession into our CECL model, as well as to account for our continued organic loan growth during the year ended December 31, 2022. At the onset of the COVID pandemic in 2020, we established COVID-specific qualitative factors to estimate the potential impact of the pandemic to our loan portfolio as a whole, which led to a provision during 2020 of 13.2 million. As the economic, health and other impacts of the virus became more clear and cases began to decline, we reduced the COVID-specific qualitative factors during 2021 and fully unwound these specific factors during the first quarter of 2022, which resulted in a 1.25 million reverse provision during the first quarter of 2022 and no provision in the second quarter of 2022. Minimal updates were made to our qualitative factors, including forecasted conditions, during the third quarter of 2022. However, in the fourth quarter of 2022, consensus among economists, as typified by a Wall Street Journal survey, indicated that an economic recession is likely in 2023. Using this information, along with other economic indicators (such as the inverted yield curve), we adjusted certain qualitative factors to account for the forecasted information and during the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a 2.8 million provision for credit losses to account for these economic indicators and our continued organic loan growth. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table presents, as of and for the periods indicated, an analysis of the allowance for credit losses and other related data: 

As of and for the Years Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Average loans outstanding (1) 

2,126,810 

1,911,540 

1,872,914 

Gross loans outstanding at end of period (2) 

2,378,176 

1,908,040 

1,866,819 

Allowance for credit losses at beginning of the period 

30,433 

33,619 

16,202 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

4,548 

Provision for credit losses 

2,150 

(1,700) 

13,200 

Charge offs: 

Commercial and industrial 

192 

411 

68 

Real Estate: 

Commercial real estate 

816 

1-4 family residential 

68 

Consumer 

322 

151 

155 

Agriculture 

18 

Overdrafts 

335 

263 

234 

Total charge-offs 

849 

1,641 

543 

Recoveries: 

Commercial and industrial 

72 

21 

101 

Real Estate: 

Construction and development 

1 

Commercial real estate 

1 

30 

1 

1-4 family residential 

30 

2 

Consumer 

55 

35 

37 

Agriculture 

8 

20 

Overdrafts 

82 

60 

51 

Total recoveries 

240 

155 

212 

Net charge-offs 

609 

1,486 

331 

Allowance for credit losses at end of period 

31,974 

30,433 

33,619 

Ratio of allowance to end of period loans (2) 

1.34 

1.59 

1.80 

Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans (1) 

0.03 

0.08 

0.02 

(1) Includes average outstanding balances of loans held for sale of 2.4 million, 3.4 million and 6.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(2) Excludes loans held for sale of 3.2 million, 4.1 million and 5.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We believe the successful execution of our expansion strategy through organic growth and strategic acquisitions is generally demonstrated by the upward trend in loan balances from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2022. Loan balances, excluding loans held for sale, increased from 1.66 billion as of December 31, 2018, to 2.38 billion as of December 31, 2022. Net charge-offs have been minimal, representing on average 0.03 of average loan balances during the same period. 
 Although we believe that we have established our allowance for credit losses in accordance with GAAP and that the allowance for credit losses was adequate to provide for known and inherent losses in the portfolio at all times shown above, future provisions for credit losses will be subject to ongoing evaluations of the risks in our loan portfolio. If our primary market areas experience economic declines, if asset quality deteriorates or if we are successful in growing the size of our loan portfolio, our allowance could become inadequate and material additional provisions for credit losses could be required. 
 The following table shows the allocation of the allowance for credit losses among loan categories and certain other information as of the dates indicated. The allocation of the allowance for credit losses as shown in the table should neither be interpreted as an indication of future charge-offs, nor as an indication that charge-offs in future periods will necessarily 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 occur in these amounts or in the indicated proportions. The total allowance is available to absorb losses from any loan category. 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Percent to Total 

Amount 

Percent to Total 

Amount 

Percent to Total 

Commercial and industrial 

4,382 

13.70 

3,600 

11.83 

4,033 

12.00 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

4,889 

15.29 

4,221 

13.87 

4,735 

14.08 

Commercial real estate 

12,658 

39.59 

13,765 

45.23 

15,780 

46.94 

Farmland 

2,008 

6.28 

1,698 

5.58 

1,220 

3.63 

1-4 family residential 

6,617 

20.69 

5,818 

19.12 

6,313 

18.78 

Multi-family residential 

490 

1.53 

396 

1.30 

363 

1.08 

Total real estate 

26,662 

83.38 

25,898 

85.10 

28,411 

84.51 

Consumer and overdrafts 

781 

2.44 

766 

2.51 

936 

2.78 

Agricultural 

149 

0.48 

169 

0.56 

239 

0.71 

Total allowance for credit losses 

31,974 

100.00 

30,433 

100.00 

33,619 

100.00 

Securities 
 We use our securities portfolio to provide a source of liquidity, provide an appropriate return on funds invested, manage interest rate risk, meet collateral requirements and meet regulatory capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our investment securities totaled 697.9 million, an increase of 171.5 million, or 32.6 , compared to 526.5 million as of December 31, 2021. Investment securities represented 20.8 and 17.1 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities available for sale totaled 188.9 million and securities held to maturity, which includes the transfer of certain securities from our available for sale portfolio during the year, totaled 509.0 million. As of December 31, 2021, securities available for sale totaled 342.2 million, and 184.3 million securities held to maturity. Held to maturity securities represented 72.9 and 35.0 of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The carrying values of our investment securities classified as available for sale are adjusted for unrealized gain or loss, and any gain or loss is reported on an after-tax basis as a component of other comprehensive (loss) income in shareholders equity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that all available for sale securities that experienced a decline in fair value below their amortized cost basis were impacted by noncredit-related factors and that securities held to maturity have not experienced credit deterioration; therefore the Company carried no ACL with respect to our securities portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 From time to time, we have reclassified certain securities from available for sale to held to maturity. Such transfers are made at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gains and losses at the date of transfer are retained in other comprehensive (loss) income and in the carrying value of the held to maturity securities and are amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the security. These unamortized unrealized losses and unaccreted unrealized gains on our transferred securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on our balance sheet and netted to an unrealized loss of 5.9 million at December 31, 2022. This amount will be amortized and accreted out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income over the remaining life of the underlying securities as an adjustment of the yield on those securities. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following tables summarize the amortized cost and estimated fair value of our investment securities: 

As of December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

U.S. government agencies 

9,141 

1,259 

7,882 

Treasury securities 

133,735 

2,921 

130,814 

Corporate bonds 

29,964 

2,177 

27,787 

Municipal securities 

202,004 

984 

8,293 

194,695 

Mortgage-backed securities 

278,589 

1 

30,264 

248,326 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

63,740 

3 

9,252 

54,491 

Total 

717,173 

988 

54,166 

663,995 

As of December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

U.S. government agencies 

10,013 

42 

9,971 

Corporate bonds 

35,080 

940 

85 

35,935 

Municipal securities 

181,310 

8,364 

118 

189,556 

Mortgage-backed securities 

224,563 

1,477 

1,816 

224,224 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

74,925 

971 

904 

74,992 

Total 

525,891 

11,752 

2,965 

534,678 

We do not hold any Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac preferred stock, collateralized debt obligations, structured investment vehicles or second lien elements in our investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment portfolio did not contain any securities that are directly backed by subprime or Alt-A mortgages, non-U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities or corporate collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 The following tables set forth the fair value of available for sale securities and the amortized cost of held to maturity securities, and maturities and approximated weighted average yield based on estimated annual income divided by the average amortized cost of our securities portfolio as of the dates indicated. The contractual maturity of a mortgage-backed security is the date at which the last underlying mortgage matures. 

As of December 31, 2022 

Within One Year 
 
 After One Year but Within Five Years 
 
 After Five Years but Within Ten Years 
 
 After Ten Years 
 
 Total 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Total 

Yield 

U.S. government agencies 

9,141 

1.35 

9,141 

1.35 

Treasury securities 

64,798 

1.46 

68,937 

2.51 

133,735 

2.00 

Corporate bonds 

9,690 

3.41 

18,097 

4.00 

27,787 

3.80 

Municipal securities 

19,151 

3.48 

46,087 

3.18 

56,844 

3.21 

80,240 

3.44 

202,322 

3.32 

Mortgage-backed securities 

3,042 

2.43 

80,292 

1.91 

170,487 

2.51 

9,213 

1.93 

263,034 

2.31 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

626 

3.82 

25,772 

2.79 

32,107 

1.47 

3,411 

1.09 

61,916 

1.98 

Total 

87,617 

1.95 

230,778 

2.49 

286,676 

2.57 

92,864 

3.15 

697,935 

2.54 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021 

Within One Year 
 
 After One Year but Within Five Years 
 
 After Five Years but Within Ten Years 
 
 After Ten Years 
 
 Total 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Amount 

Yield 
 
 Total 

Yield 

U.S. government agencies 

9,971 

1.35 

9,971 

1.35 

Corporate bonds 

15,223 

3.21 

20,712 

4.01 

35,935 

3.68 

Municipal securities 

13,471 

3.43 

57,858 

3.31 

44,342 

2.92 

65,639 

3.19 

181,310 

3.18 

Mortgage-backed securities 

70 

3.33 

129,327 

1.38 

78,468 

1.73 

16,396 

2.08 

224,261 

1.55 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

1,491 

3.22 

65,897 

1.99 

7,604 

1.18 

74,992 

1.93 

Total 

15,032 

3.41 

268,305 

2.04 

161,097 

2.29 

82,035 

2.95 

526,469 

2.29 

The contractual maturity of mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations is not a reliable indicator of their expected life because borrowers have the right to prepay their obligations at any time. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are typically issued with stated principal amounts and are backed by pools of mortgage loans and other loans with varying maturities. The term of the underlying mortgages and loans may vary significantly due to the ability of a borrower to prepay. Monthly pay downs on mortgage-backed securities typically cause the average life of the securities to be much different from the stated contractual maturity. During a period of increasing interest rates, fixed rate mortgage-backed securities do not tend to experience heavy prepayments of principal, and, consequently, the average life of this security is typically lengthened. If interest rates begin to fall, prepayments may increase, thereby shortening the estimated life of this security. The weighted average life of our investment portfolio was 5.00 years with an estimated effective duration of 3.99 years as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we did not own securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, for which aggregate adjusted cost exceeded 10.0 of the consolidated shareholders equity. 
 The average yield of our securities portfolio was 2.54 as of December 31, 2022, up from 2.29 as of December 31, 2021. The growth in average yield resulted primarily from increases in yields on mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities of 1.55 and 3.18 at December 31, 2021, respectively, to 2.31 and 3.32 at December 31, 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of available or sale and amortized cost of held to maturity mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities comprised 37.7 and 29.0 of the portfolio, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities comprised 42.6 and 34.4 of the portfolio, respectively. 
 Deposits 
 We offer a variety of deposit products, which have a wide range of interest rates and terms, including demand, savings, money market and time accounts. We rely primarily on competitive pricing policies, convenient locations and personalized service to attract and retain these deposits. 
 Average total deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.75 billion, an increase of 234.9 million, or 4.3 , compared to 2.52 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The average rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits was 0.58 and 0.35 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in average rates for 2022 was driven primarily by increases in market rates due to Federal Reserve interest rate hikes during the year. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table presents the average balances and average rates paid on deposits for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Average Rate 
 
 Average Balance 

Average Rate 

NOW and interest-bearing demand accounts 

364,941 

0.47 

355,171 

0.25 

Savings accounts 

141,484 

0.31 

119,818 

0.10 

Money market accounts 

831,833 

0.61 

773,553 

0.26 

Certificates and other time deposits 

332,029 

0.77 

352,833 

0.74 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,670,287 

0.58 

1,601,375 

0.35 

Noninterest-bearing demand accounts 

1,082,513 

916,562 

Total deposits 

2,752,800 

0.35 

2,517,937 

0.22 

The ratio of average noninterest-bearing deposits to average total deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 39.3 and 36.4 , respectively. 
 Total deposits as of December 31, 2022 were 2.68 billion, an increase of 10.3 million, or 0.4 , compared to 2.67 billion as of December 31, 2021. The majority of the deposit balance increase was due to organic growth. 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits as of December 31, 2022 were 1.05 billion compared to 1.01 billion as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 37.6 million, or 3.7 . 
 Total interest-bearing deposits as of December 31, 2022 were 1.63 billion, compared to 1.66 billion as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 27.3 million, or 1.6 . 
 The aggregate amount of certificates and other time deposits in denominations of 250,000 or more as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 130.0 million and 111.3 million, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth the amount of uninsured certificates of deposit greater than 250,000 by time remaining until maturity as of December 31, 2022: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Under 3 months 

26,610 

3 to 6 months 

29,371 

6 to 12 months 

40,081 

Over 12 months 

13,565 

Total 

109,627 

Total deposits in denominations greater than 250,000 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1.49 billion, 1.51 billion, and 1.22 billion, respectively. 
 Factors affecting the cost of funding interest-bearing assets include the volume of noninterest- and interest-bearing deposits, changes in market interest rates and economic conditions in our primary market areas and their impact on interest paid on deposits, as well as the ongoing execution of our balance sheet management strategy. Cost of total deposits is calculated as total interest expense divided by average total deposits. Our cost of total deposits was 0.35 and 0.22 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in our cost of total deposits for 2022 was primarily due to increases in rates on interest-bearing deposits, which were 0.58 and 0.35 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and offset by a 166.0 million, or 18.1 , increase in the average balance of noninterest-bearing deposits from 916.6 million in 2021 to 1.08 billion in 2022. 
 Borrowings 
 We utilize short-term and long-term borrowings to supplement deposits to fund our lending and investment activities, each of which is discussed below. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Advances . The FHLB allows us to borrow on a blanket floating lien status collateralized by certain securities and loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total borrowing capacity of 755.0 million and 638.7 million, respectively, was available under this arrangement. Our outstanding FHLB advances mature within one year. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.90 billion in real estate loans were pledged as collateral for our FHLB 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 borrowings. We utilize these borrowings to meet liquidity needs and to hedge interest rate risk. The following table presents our FHLB borrowings as of the dates indicated: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 FHLB Advances 

December 31, 2022 

Amount outstanding at year-end 

290,000 

Weighted average interest rate at year-end 

4.74 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

290,000 

Average balance outstanding during the year 

132,764 

Weighted average interest rate during the year 

2.89 

December 31, 2021 

Amount outstanding at year-end 

47,500 

Weighted average interest rate at year-end 

0.41 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

49,099 

Average balance outstanding during the year 

49,056 

Weighted average interest rate during the year 

0.42 

The following table presents our FHLB borrowings by maturity and weighted average rate as of December 31, 2022: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balance 

Weighted Average Interest Rate 

Less than 90 days 

140,000 

4.40 

90 days to less than one year 

150,000 

5.07 

Total 

290,000 

4.74 

Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas . The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas has an available borrower in custody arrangement, which allows us to borrow on a collateralized basis. Certain commercial and industrial and consumer loans are pledged under this arrangement. We maintain this borrowing arrangement to meet liquidity needs pursuant to our contingency funding plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 227.6 million and 182.9 million, respectively, were available under this arrangement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 289.5 million and 236.4 million, respectively, in consumer and commercial and industrial loans were pledged as collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no borrowings were outstanding under this arrangement. 
 Other Borrowings. We have historically used a line of credit with a correspondent bank as a source of funding for working capital needs, the payment of dividends when there is a temporary timing difference in cash flows, and repurchases of equity securities. In March 2017, we entered into an unsecured revolving line of credit for 25.0 million, and we renewed that line of credit in March 2022. The line of credit bears interest at the prime rate (7.50 as of December 31, 2022) subject to a floor of 3.50 , with quarterly interest payments, and matures in March 2023. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance on the line of credit. As of December 31, 2021, there was a 5.0 million outstanding balance on this line of credit with the correspondent bank. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity involves our ability to raise funds to support asset growth and acquisitions or reduce assets to meet deposit withdrawals and other payment obligations, to maintain reserve requirements and otherwise to operate on an ongoing basis and manage unexpected events, such as COVID-19. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, liquidity needs were primarily met by core deposits, security and loan maturities and amortizing investment and loan portfolios. Although access to purchased funds from correspondent banks and overnight or longer term advances from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas are available, and have been utilized on occasion to take advantage of investment opportunities, we do not generally rely on these external funding sources. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we maintained two federal funds lines of credit with commercial banks that provide for the availability to borrow up to an aggregate 60.0 million in federal funds. There were no funds under these lines of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition to these federal funds lines of credit, our 25.0 million revolving line of credit discussed above in Other Borrowings provides an additional source of liquidity. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table illustrates, during the periods presented, the composition of our funding sources and the average assets in which those funds are invested as a percentage of average total assets for the period indicated. Average assets were 3.26 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.92 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Sources of Funds: 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing 

33.20 

31.36 

Interest-bearing 

51.23 

54.79 

Advances from FHLB 

4.07 

1.68 

Line of credit 

0.00 

0.21 

Subordinated debt 

1.44 

0.68 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

0.26 

0.51 

Accrued interest and other liabilities 

0.79 

0.85 

Equity 

9.01 

9.92 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

Uses of Funds: 

Loans 

64.33 

64.31 

Securities available for sale 

8.83 

12.19 

Securities held to maturity 

15.89 

2.54 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

0.58 

0.34 

Federal funds sold 

3.26 

12.75 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

0.47 

0.91 

Other noninterest-earning assets 

6.64 

6.96 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

Average noninterest-bearing deposits to average deposits 

39.32 

36.40 

Average loans to average deposits 

77.26 

75.92 

Our primary source of funds is deposits, and our primary use of funds is loans. We do not expect a change in the primary source or use of our funds in the foreseeable future. Our average loans, including average loans held for sale, increased 215.3 million, or 11.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, while our average deposits increased 234.9 million, or 9.3 , for the same time periods. We predominantly invest excess deposits in overnight deposits with our correspondent banks, federal funds sold, securities, interest-bearing deposits at other banks or other short-term liquid investments until needed to fund loan growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 474.7 million in outstanding commitments to extend credit and 8.3 million in commitments associated with outstanding standby and commercial letters of credit. As of December 31, 2021, we had 405.3 million in outstanding commitments to extend credit and 8.4 million in commitments associated with outstanding standby and commercial letters of credit. Since commitments associated with letters of credit and commitments to extend credit may expire unused, the total outstanding may not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no exposure to future cash requirements associated with known uncertainties or capital expenditures of a material nature. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 106.5 million, compared to 499.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the deployment of cash to secure funding for investment securities and loans. 
 Capital Resources 
 Total shareholders equity decreased to 295.6 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 302.2 million as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 6.7 million, or 2.2 . The decrease from December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of an increase in other comprehensive loss, purchase of treasury stock and payment of dividends, offset by increases in net earnings. 
 Capital management consists of providing equity and other instruments that qualify as regulatory capital to support current and future operations. Banking regulators view capital levels as important indicators of an institution s financial soundness. As a general matter, FDIC-insured depository institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain minimum capital relative to the amount and types of assets they hold. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements at the bank holding company and bank levels. See Item 1. Business Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. Regulation and 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Supervision Capital Adequacy Requirements for additional discussion regarding the regulatory capital requirements applicable to us and the Bank. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements at the bank and bank holding company levels, and the Bank was classified as well capitalized, for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations. As we deploy our capital, our regulatory capital levels may decrease depending on our level of earnings and provisions for credit losses. However, we expect to closely monitor our loan portfolio, operating expenses and overall capital levels in order to remain in compliance with all regulatory capital standards applicable to us. 
 The following table presents the regulatory capital ratios for our Company and the Bank as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 

Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 

358,702 

14.37 

297,370 

14.51 

Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 

292,966 

11.74 

271,696 

13.25 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

292,966 

8.77 

271,696 

9.18 

Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital 

285,749 

11.45 

261,386 

12.75 

Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. 

Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 

361,125 

14.48 

311,335 

15.19 

Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 

329,933 

13.23 

285,661 

13.94 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

329,933 

9.89 

285,661 

9.66 

Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital 

329,933 

13.23 

285,661 

13.94 

Contractual Obligations 
 We have issued subordinated debentures relating to the issuance of trust preferred securities. 
 In October 2002, we formed Guaranty (TX) Capital Trust II, which issued 3.0 million in trust preferred securities to a third party in a private placement. Concurrent with the issuance of the trust preferred securities, the trust issued common securities to the Company in the aggregate liquidation value of 93,000. The trust invested the total proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the common securities in 3.1 million of the Company s junior subordinated debentures. These debentures were redeemed in May 2022. 
 In July 2006, we formed Guaranty (TX) Capital Trust III, which issued 2.0 million in trust preferred securities to a third party in a private placement. Concurrent with the issuance of the trust preferred securities, the trust issued common securities to the Company in the aggregate liquidation value of 62,000. The trust invested the total proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the common securities in 2.1 million of the Company s junior subordinated debentures, which will mature on October 1, 2036. 
 In March 2015, we acquired DCB Trust I, which issued 5.0 million in trust preferred securities to a third party in a private placement. Concurrent with the issuance of the trust preferred securities, the trust issued common securities to the Company in the aggregate liquidation value of 155,000. The trust invested the total proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the common securities in 5.2 million of the Company s junior subordinated debentures, which will mature on June 15, 2037. 
 With certain exceptions, the amount of the principal and any accrued and unpaid interest on the debentures are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our senior indebtedness. The terms of the debentures are such that they qualify as Tier 1 capital under the Federal Reserve s regulatory capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies. Interest on the Trust III Debentures is payable at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to 3-month LIBOR plus 1.67 . Interest on the DCB Trust I Debentures is payable at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to 3-month LIBOR plus 1.80 . The interest is deferrable on a cumulative basis for up to five consecutive years following a suspension of dividend payments on all other capital stock. No principal payments are due until maturity for each of the debentures. 
 Both the DCB Trust I Debentures and the Trust III Debentures are redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option after at least 30, but not more than 60, days' notice, on any interest payment date, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the amount to be redeemed, plus accrued interest to the date of redemption. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 On March 4, 2022, the Company completed a private placement of 35.0 million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated note due April 1, 2032. The subordinated note initially bears a fixed interest rate of 3.625 per year, due semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1. Commencing on April 1, 2027, the interest rate on the subordinated note will reset each quarter at a floating interest rate equal to the then-current three month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 192 basis points. The Company may at its option redeem in whole or in part the subordinated note on or after March 4, 2027 without a premium. The subordinated note is treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes (subject to reductions in the amount includable as Tier 2 capital in the final five years prior to maturity), and is presented net of 564,000 in related unamortized issuance costs on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 In May 2020, the Company issued 10.0 million in debentures to directors and other related parties. The debentures have stated maturity dates between November 1, 2020 and November 1, 2024, and bear interest at fixed annual rates between 1.00 and 4.00 . The Company pays interest semi-annually on May 1st and November 1st in arrears during the term of the debentures. Various portions of these debentures have matured since issuance and 7.5 million remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The debentures are redeemable by the Company at its option, in whole in or part, at any time on or before the due date of any debenture. The redemption price is equal to 100 of the face amount of the debenture redeemed, plus all accrued but unpaid interest. 
 The following table summarizes contractual obligations and other commitments to make future payments as of December 31, 2022 (other than non-time deposit obligations), which consist of future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations. 

As of December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 1 year or less 

More than 1 year but less than 3 years 

3 years or more but less than 5 years 

5 years or more 

Total 

Time deposits 

283,934 

59,661 

10,944 

354,539 

Advances from FHLB 

290,000 

290,000 

Subordinated debt 

3,500 

4,000 

42,000 

49,500 

Operating leases 

1,950 

3,819 

3,170 

4,581 

13,520 

Total 

579,384 

67,480 

14,114 

46,581 

707,559 

Off-Balance Sheet Items 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various transactions, which, in accordance with GAAP, are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. We enter into these transactions to meet the financing needs of our customers. These transactions include commitments to extend credit and standby and commercial letters of credit, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our commitments associated with outstanding standby and commercial letters of credit and commitments to extend credit expiring by period as of December 31, 2022 are summarized below. Since commitments associated with letters of credit and commitments to extend credit may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements. 

As of December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 1 year or less 

More than 1 year but less than 3 years 

3 years or more but less than 5 years 

5 years or more 

Total 

Standby and commercial letters of credit 

5,080 

2,298 

7 

904 

8,289 

Commitments to extend credit 

238,488 

99,101 

17,191 

119,965 

474,745 

Total 

243,568 

101,399 

17,198 

120,869 

483,034 

Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. In the event of nonperformance by the customer, we have rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory, receivables, cash and/or marketable securities. Our credit risk associated with issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risk involved in extending loan facilities to our customers. Management evaluated the likelihood of funding the standby and commercial letters of credit as of December 31, 2022, and determined the likelihood to be improbable. Therefore, no ACL was recorded for standby and commercial letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being fully drawn upon, the total commitment amounts disclosed above do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if considered necessary by us, upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. 
 Loan agreements executed in connection with construction loans and commercial lines of credit have standard conditions which must be met prior to the Company being required to provide additional funding, including conditions precedent that typically include: (i) no event of default or potential default has occurred; (ii) that no material adverse events have taken place that would materially affect the borrower or the value of the collateral, (iii) that the borrower remains in compliance with all loan obligations and covenants and has made no misrepresentations; (iv) that the collateral has not been damaged or impaired; (v) that the project remains on budget and in compliance with all laws and regulations; and (vi) that all management agreements, lease agreements and franchise agreements that affect the value of the collateral remain in force. If the conditions precedent have not been met, the Company retains the option to cease current draws and/or future funding. As a result of these conditions within our loan agreements, management believes the credit risk of these off balance sheet items is minimal and we recorded no ACL with respect to these loan agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements are summarized and discussed in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or deflation. 
 Unlike many industrial companies, substantially all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates may not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, other operating expenses do reflect general levels of inflation. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and the prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, we also evaluate our performance based on certain additional financial measures discussed in this Report as being non-GAAP financial measures. We classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time in the United States in our statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures or ratios or statistical measures calculated using exclusively either financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, operating measures or other measures that are not non-GAAP financial measures or both. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Report should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable or other financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate the non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Report may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. It is important to understand how other banking organizations calculate their financial measures with names similar to the non-GAAP financial measures we have discussed in this Report when comparing such non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Tangible Book Value Per Common Share . Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP measure generally used by investors, financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate (1) tangible common equity as total shareholders equity, less goodwill, core deposit intangibles and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, and (2) tangible book value per common share as tangible common equity divided by shares of common stock outstanding. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for tangible book value per common share is book value per common share. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We believe that the tangible book value per common share measure is important to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in changes from period to period in book value per common share exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing total book value while not increasing our tangible book value. 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total shareholders equity to tangible common equity and presents tangible book value per common share compared to book value per common share: 

As of December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Tangible Common Equity 

Total shareholders equity attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

294,984 

302,214 

272,643 

Adjustments: 

Goodwill 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

Core deposit intangible, net 

(1,859) 

(2,313) 

(2,999) 

Total tangible common equity attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

260,965 

267,741 

237,484 

Common shares outstanding (1) 

11,941,672 

12,122,717 

12,028,957 

Book value per common share 

24.70 

24.93 

22.67 

Tangible book value per common share 

21.85 

22.09 

19.74 

Periods prior to the stock dividend issued during the first quarter of 2021 have been adjusted to give effect to the 10 stock dividend. 

(1) Excludes the dilutive effect, if any, of 112,638, 146,576, 36,059, 72,822 and 100,034 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, for which periods prior to the stock dividend issued during the first quarter of 2021 have been adjusted to give effect to the 10 stock dividend. 

Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets . Tangible common equity to tangible assets is a non-GAAP measure generally used by investors, financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate tangible common equity, as described above, and tangible assets as total assets less goodwill, core deposit intangibles and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for tangible common equity to tangible assets is total common shareholders equity to total assets. 
 We believe that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in the relative changes from period to period of tangible common equity to tangible assets, each exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing both total shareholders equity and assets while not increasing our tangible common equity or tangible assets. 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total tangible common equity and total assets to tangible assets: 

As of December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Tangible Common Equity 

Total shareholders equity attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

294,984 

302,214 

272,643 

Adjustments: 

Goodwill 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

Core deposit intangible, net 

(1,859) 

(2,313) 

(2,999) 

Total tangible common equity attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

260,965 

267,741 

237,484 

Tangible Assets 

Total assets 

3,351,495 

3,086,070 

2,740,832 

Adjustments: 

Goodwill 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

(32,160) 

Core deposit intangible, net 

(1,859) 

(2,313) 

(2,999) 

Total tangible assets 

3,317,476 

3,051,597 

2,705,673 

Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets 

7.87 

8.77 

8.78 

71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Core Earnings and Other COVID-19 Adjusted Measures. The following tables reconcile, as of and for the dates set forth below, various metrics impacted by the effects of COVID-19 on reported data (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 
 Net Core Earnings and Net Core Earnings per Common Share 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

40,447 

39,806 

Adjustments: 

Reversal of provision for credit losses 

2,150 

(1,700) 

Income tax provision 

8,834 

8,750 

PPP loans, including fees 

(1,277) 

(7,822) 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

50,154 

39,034 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 

11,980,209 

12,065,182 

Earnings per common share, basic 

3.38 

3.30 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. per common share, basic 

4.19 

3.24 

Net Core Earnings to Average Assets, as Adjusted, and Average Equity 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

50,154 

39,034 

Total average assets 

3,260,584 

2,922,950 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans average balance 

(11,820) 

(115,402) 

Total average assets, adjusted 

3,248,764 

2,807,548 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average assets, as adjusted 

1.54 

1.39 

Total average equity 

293,910 

290,051 

Net core earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. to average equity 

17.06 

13.46 

Total Interest-Earning Assets, net of PPP Effects 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Total interest-earning assets 

3,073,187 

123,209 

4.01 

Total loans 

2,126,810 

104,503 

4.91 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans average balance and net fees (1) 

(11,820) 

(1,277) 

10.80 

Total loans, net of PPP effects 

2,114,990 

103,226 

4.88 

Total interest-earning assets, net of PPP effects 

3,061,367 

121,932 

3.98 

(1) Interest earned consists of interest income of 115,000 and net origination fees recognized in earnings of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin, Net of PPP Effects 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net interest income 

107,829 

95,558 

Adjustments: 

PPP-related interest income 

(115) 

(1,144) 

PPP-related net origination fees 

(1,162) 

(6,079) 

PPP-related borrowings 

Net interest income, net of PPP effects 

106,552 

88,335 

Total average interest-earning assets 

3,073,187 

2,751,370 

Total average interest-earning assets, net of PPP effects 

3,061,367 

2,635,968 

Net interest margin (1) 

3.51 

3.47 

Net interest margin, net of PPP effects (2) 

3.48 

3.35 

Net interest income 

107,829 

95,558 

Interest income tax adjustments 

900 

798 

Net interest income, fully taxable equivalent FTE 

108,729 

96,356 

Net interest income, FTE, net of PPP effects 

107,452 

89,133 

Net interest margin, FTE (3) 

3.54 

3.51 

Net interest margin, FTE, net of PPP effects (4) 

3.51 

3.39 

(1) Net interest margin is equal to net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets, annualized. 

(2) Net interest margin is equal to net interest income, net of PPP effects, divided by average interest-earning assets, excluding average PPP loans, annualized. Taxes are not a part of this calculation. 

(3) Net interest margin on a taxable equivalent basis is equal to net interest income adjusted for nontaxable income divided by average interest-earning assets, annualized, using a marginal tax rate of 21 . 

(4) Net interest margin on a taxable equivalent basis is equal to net interest income, net of PPP effects, adjusted for nontaxable income divided by average interest-earning assets, excluding average PPP loans, annualized, using a marginal tax rate of 21 . 

Efficiency Ratio, Net of PPP Effects 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total noninterest expense 

79,907 

73,278 

Adjustments: 

PPP-related deferred costs 

599 

Total noninterest expense, net of PPP effects 

79,907 

73,877 

Net interest income 

107,829 

95,558 

Net interest income, net of PPP effects 

106,552 

88,335 

Total noninterest income 

23,485 

24,576 

Efficiency ratio (1) 

60.85 

61.00 

Efficiency ratio, net of PPP effects (2) 

61.45 

65.43 

(1) The efficiency ratio was calculated by dividing total noninterest expense by net interest income plus noninterest income, excluding securities gains or losses. Taxes are not part of this calculation. 

(2) The efficiency ratio, net of PPP effects, was calculated by dividing total noninterest expense, net of PPP-related deferred costs, by net interest income, net of PPP effects, plus noninterest income, excluding securities gains or losses. Taxes are not part of this calculation. 

73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ACL to Total Loans, Excluding PPP 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total loans 

2,378,176 

1,908,040 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans 

(529) 

(50,611) 

Total loans, excluding PPP 

2,377,647 

1,857,429 

Allowance for credit losses 

31,974 

30,433 

Allowance for credit losses / period-end loans 

1.34 

1.59 

Allowance for credit losses / period-end loans, excluding PPP 

1.34 

1.64 

Loan Yield, Net of PPP Effects 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Earned/ Interest Paid 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Total loans 

2,126,810 

104,503 

4.91 

1,911,540 

92,497 

4.84 

Adjustments: 

PPP loans average balance and net fees 

(11,820) 

(1,277) 

10.80 

(115,402) 

(7,223) 

6.26 

Total loans, net of PPP effects 

2,114,990 

103,226 

4.88 

1,796,138 

85,274 

4.75 

Effect of removing PPP loans on loan yield 

(0.03) 

(0.09) 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk 
 As a financial institution, our primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Our asset liability and funds management policy provides management with the guidelines for effective funds management, and we have established a measurement system for monitoring our net interest rate sensitivity position. We have historically managed our sensitivity position within our established guidelines. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which have a short term to maturity. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic losses due to future interest rate changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net interest income and/or a loss of current fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximizing income. 
 We manage our exposure to interest rates by structuring our balance sheet in the ordinary course of business. We do not enter into instruments such as leveraged derivatives, financial options, financial future contracts or forward delivery contracts for the purpose of reducing interest rate risk. Based upon the nature of our operations, we are not subject to foreign exchange or commodity price risk. We do not own any trading assets. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed by the asset-liability committee of Guaranty Bank Trust, in accordance with policies approved by its board of directors. The committee formulates strategies based on appropriate levels of interest rate risk. In determining the appropriate level of interest rate risk, the committee considers the impact on earnings and capital on the current outlook on interest rates, potential changes in interest rates, regional economies, liquidity, business strategies and other factors. The committee meets regularly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, the book and market values of assets and liabilities, unrealized gains and losses, purchase and sale activities, commitments to originate loans and the maturities of investments and borrowings. Additionally, the committee reviews liquidity, cash flow flexibility, maturities of deposits and consumer and commercial deposit activity. Management employs methodologies to manage interest rate risk, which include an analysis of relationships between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and an interest rate shock simulation model. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We use interest rate risk simulation models and shock analyses to test the interest rate sensitivity of net interest income and fair value of equity, and the impact of changes in interest rates on other financial metrics. Contractual maturities and re-pricing opportunities of loans are incorporated in the model as are prepayment assumptions, maturity data and call options within the investment portfolio. Average life of non-maturity deposit accounts are based on standard regulatory decay assumptions and are incorporated into the model. The assumptions used are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various management strategies. 
 On a quarterly basis, we run two simulation models including a static balance sheet and dynamic growth balance sheet. These models test the impact on net interest income and fair value of equity from changes in market interest rates under various scenarios. Under the static and dynamic growth models, rates are shocked instantaneously and ramped rate changes over a twelve-month horizon based upon parallel and non-parallel yield curve shifts. Parallel shock scenarios assume instantaneous parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Non-parallel simulation involves analysis of interest income and expense under various changes in the shape of the yield curve. Our internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently specifies that for instantaneous parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net income at risk for the subsequent one-year period should not decline by more than 10.0 for a 100 basis point shift, 15.0 for a 200 basis point shift and 25.0 for a 300 basis point shift. 
 The following table summarizes the simulated change in net interest income and fair value of equity over a 12-month horizon as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points) 
 
 Percent Change in Net Interest Income 

Percent Change in Fair Value of Equity 

Percent Change in Net Interest Income 

Percent Change in Fair Value of Equity 

+300 

0.43 

(18.35) 

13.70 

1.57 

+200 

0.17 

(10.87) 

8.38 

2.75 

+100 

(0.21) 

(5.17) 

2.66 

1.27 

Base 

-100 

0.34 

1.48 

(5.11) 

(1.92) 

-200 

4.16 

(0.70) 

(14.47) 

(0.36) 

The results are primarily due to behavior of demand, money market and savings deposits during such rate fluctuations. We have found that, historically, interest rates on these deposits change more slowly than changes in the discount and federal funds rates. This assumption is incorporated into the simulation model and is generally not fully reflected in a gap analysis. The assumptions incorporated into the model are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various strategies. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 The financial statements, the reports thereon, the notes thereto and supplementary data commence on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACC OUNTANTS ON ACCOUNT AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting . There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with GAAP. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 , , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included in this Item under the heading Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report on Management's Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 An entity s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. An entity s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Whitley Penn LLP 
 Plano, Texas 
 March 10, 2023 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DIS CLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION. 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information called for by this item related to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information concerning principal accounting fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders being held on May 17, 2023, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FIN ANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the report thereon and the notes thereto commencing at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Set forth below is a list of such Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. All supplemental schedules are omitted as inapplicable or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

3. The exhibits to t his Annual Report on Form 10-K listed below have been included only with the copy of this report filed with the SEC. The Company will furnish a copy of any exhibit to shareholders upon written request to the Company and payment of a reasonable fee not to exceed the Company s reasonable expense. 

Each exhibit marked with an asterisk is filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as noted below: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on May 1, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

The other instruments defining the rights of the long-term debt securities of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement under the Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.6 
 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan with 401(k) Provisions, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on May 4, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 Description of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.8 
 
 Description of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Executive Incentive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.9 
 
 DCB Financial Corp. Stock Option Plan, dated December 1, 2003, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the DCB Financial Corp. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.11 
 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Fair Market Value Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.12 
 
 Form of Award Agreement under the Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. Fair Market Value Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2019, by and between Ty Abston and Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Guaranty Bancshares Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2019, by and between Clifton Payne and Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Guaranty Bancshares Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2019, by and between Kirk Lee and Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Guaranty Bancshares Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2019). 

10.16 
 
 Renewal Revolving Promissory Note, dated March 31, 2022, by Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. payable to Frost Bank in the original principal amount of 25,000,000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and between Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. and Frost Bank, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Debenture issued by Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. in July 2015 and December 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2017). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Debenture issued by Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. in May 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Whitley Penn LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 	Furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 	 Represents a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 I TEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Tyson T. Abston 

Name: 
 Tyson T. Abston 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Tyson T. Abston 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3/10/2023 

Tyson T. Abston 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Clifton A. Payne 
 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 3/10/2023 

Clifton A. Payne 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Kirk L. Lee 
 
 President 
 
 3/10/2023 

Kirk L. Lee 

/s/ Richard W. Baker 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Richard W. Baker 

/s/ Jeffrey W. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Jeffrey W. Brown 

/s/ James S. Bunch 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

James S. Bunch 

/s/ Sondra Cunningham 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Sondra Cunningham 

/s/ Bradley K. Drake 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Bradley K. Drake 

/s/ Christopher B. Elliott 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Christopher B. Elliott 

/s/ Carl Johnson, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

Carl Johnson, Jr. 

/s/ James M. Nolan, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 3/10/2023 

James M. Nolan, Jr. 

81 
 
 Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANC IAL STATEMENTS 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 11 

F- 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans Qualitative Factors 
 Description of the Matter 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for credit losses under ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. ASC 326 requires the measurement of expected lifetime credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost at the reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the allowance for credit losses on loans was approximately 32 million. The Company s allowance for credit losses represents management s best estimate of expected losses in the loan portfolio. Estimates of expected credit losses for loans are based on reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, historical loss experience and qualitative factors. 
 F- 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Management estimates the allowance for credit losses balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. 
 Our determination that auditing the qualitative adjustments of the allowance for credit losses for loans is a critical audit matter is a result of the high degree of subjectivity involved in management s assessment of the risk of loss associated with the qualitative adjustments and the determination of the adjustment amounts to historical loss rates for current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s preparation and review of the allowance for credit loss calculation, including testing internal controls over the completeness and accuracy of data used as the basis for adjustments related to the qualitative factors, and testing management s review of the reasonableness of qualitative factors and forecasts. 

Substantively testing management s process for assessing and assigning the qualitative factors, including assessing the relevance and reliability of internally sourced and externally sourced data used to develop the factors and evaluating for reasonableness the judgments and assumptions used in the determination and adequacy of the adjustment amounts. 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation. 

Evaluation of the reasonableness of management s judgments related to qualitative factors including forecasts to test the qualitative factors conformity with management s policies and consistency applied period over period. 

/s/ Whitley Penn LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 Plano, Texas 
 March 10, 2023 
 F- 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Federal funds sold 

Interest-bearing deposits 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 

Accrued interest receivable 

Premises and equipment, net 

Other real estate owned 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

Core deposit intangible, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Deposits 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Accrued interest and other liabilities 

Line of credit 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debt, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 15) 

Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, and shares, respectively, at cost 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Equity attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EA RNINGS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income 

Loans, including fees 

Securities 

Taxable 

Nontaxable 

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

FHLB advances and federal funds purchased 

Subordinated debt 

Other borrowed money 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Service charges 

Net realized gain on sales of securities available for sale 

Net realized gain on sale of loans 

Merchant and debit card fees 

Other income 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Occupancy expenses 

Other expenses 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net earnings 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPR EHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Unrealized gains (losses) on securities 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period 

() 

() 

Unrealized losses on held to maturity securities transferred to available for sale 

() 

Amortization of net unrealized losses on held to maturity securities 

() 

() 

Tax effect of available for sale securities transferred to held to maturity 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized (gains) losses on securities 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period 

() 

Reclassification of realized (gains) losses on interest rate swap termination from accumulated other comprehensive income 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Less comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 F- 7 
 
 Table of Contents 

Attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Noncontrolling Interest 

Total Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Impact of adoption of ASC 326, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income 

Exercise of stock options 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Restricted stock grants 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Cash dividends: 

Common - per share 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

10 stock dividend 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Restricted stock grants 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Cash dividends: 

Common - per share 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net earnings 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interest 

Exercise of stock options 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Cash dividends: 

Common - per share 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Periods prior to the stock dividend issued during the first quarter of 2021 have been adjusted to give effect to the stock dividend. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Premium amortization, net of discount accretion 

Net realized gain on sales of securities available for sale 

() 

Gain on sale of loans 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

() 

Origination of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from loans held for sale 

Write-down of other real estate and repossessed assets 

Net (gain) loss on sale of premises, equipment, other real estate owned and other assets 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on BOLI death benefits 

() 

Net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Securities available for sale: 

Purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales 

Proceeds from maturities and principal repayments 

Securities held to maturity: 

Purchases 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities and principal repayments 

Net originations of loans 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from BOLI death benefit 

Proceeds from sale of premises, equipment, other real estate owned and other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net change in deposits 

Net change in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

() 

() 

Proceeds from FHLB advances 

Repayment of FHLB advances 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Repayment of line of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt 

Repayments of debentures 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities 

Cash dividends accrued 

Lease right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Available for sale securities transferred to held to maturity, net of unrealized loss of and unrealized gain of , respectively 

Transfer of loans to other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Contributions from noncontrolling interest 

Stock dividend 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Management evaluates securities that are in an unrealized loss position for credit-related factors, in order to determine if an allowance for credit losses is required. This evaluation is performed on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. For securities in an unrealized loss position, management considers the extent and duration of the unrealized loss, and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. Management also assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell, a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, any previous allowance for credit loss is written off and the amortized cost basis of the securities is written down to fair value, through earnings. For debt securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, management will determine if the decline in fair value has resulted from a credit loss or other factors and apply the following: 1) recognize an allowance for credit loss by a charge to earnings for the credit-related component of the decline in fair value (subject to a floor of the excess of the amortized cost over fair value) and 2) recognize the noncredit-related component of the fair value decline, if any, in other comprehensive (loss) income. The credit loss is defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis. To the extent that expected cash flows improve, the standard permits reversal of allowance amounts in the current period earnings. 

trillion to battle COVID-19 and its economic effects, including immediate cash relief for individual citizens, loan programs for small businesses, support for hospitals and other medical providers, and various types of economic relief for impacted businesses and industries. The goal of CARES Act was to prevent severe economic downturn. The CARES Act also provided for temporary interest only or payment deferral modifications for loans without classifying them as troubled debt restructurings under current accounting rules. Additional government-backed hardship relief measures were signed into law in early 2021, as well as extension of many of the CARES Act provisions, throughout 2021 and 2022. to , at which it remained until March 2022, when the FOMC began to rapidly increase market interest rates in response to high levels of inflation that arose in the U.S. economy. From March 2022 through December 31, 2022, the FOMC increased market rates from 0.00 to a target range of to . The FOMC 
 in February 2023, and additional increases are expected during 2023. These rapid increases in interest rates, the impact of future rate increases, high levels of inflation and other lingering effects of the COVID-19 outbreak may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations, as well as business and consumer confidence. Economic uncertainties remain which can negatively impact net interest income and noninterest income. amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We use the weighted-average remaining maturity method (WARM method) as the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. The WARM method uses a historical average annual charge-off rate. This average annual charge-off rate contains loss content over a historical lookback period and is used as a foundation for estimating the credit loss reserve for the remaining outstanding balances of loans in a segment at the balance sheet date. The average annual charge-off rate is applied to the contractual term, further adjusted for estimated prepayments, to determine the unadjusted historical charge-off rate. The calculation of the unadjusted historical charge-off rate is then adjusted for current conditions and for reasonable and supportable forecast periods. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. These qualitative factors serve to compensate for additional areas of uncertainty inherent in the portfolio that are not reflected in our historic loss factors. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool or segment) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. Our loan portfolio segments include both regulatory call report codes and by internally identified risk ratings for our commercial loan segments and by delinquency status for our consumer loan segments. We also have separately identified our mortgage warehouse loans, internally originated SBA loans, SBA loans acquired from Westbound Bank in 2018 and loans originated under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP for inherent risk analysis. Accrued interest receivable on loans is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Below is a summary of the segments and certain of the inherent risks in the Company s loan portfolio: 

Commercial and industrial: 
 
 This portfolio segment includes general secured and unsecured commercial loans which are not secured by real estate or may be secured by real estate but made for the primary purpose of a short-term revolving line of credit. Credit risks inherent in this portfolio segment include fluctuations in the local and national economy. 

Construction and development: 
 
 This portfolio segment includes all loans for the purpose of construction, including both business and residential structures; and real estate development loans, including non-agricultural vacant land. Credit risks inherent in this portfolio include fluctuations in property values, unemployment, and changes in the local and national economy. 

Commercial real estate: 
 
 The commercial real estate portfolio segment includes all commercial loans that are secured by real estate, other than those included in the construction and development, farmland, multi-family, and 1-4 family residential segments. Risks inherent in this portfolio segment include fluctuations in property values and changes in the local and national economy impacting the sale or lease of the finished structures. 

Farmland: 
 
 The farmland portfolio includes loans that are secured by real estate that is used or usable for agricultural purposes, including land used for crops, livestock production, grazing pastureland and timberland. This segment includes land with a 1-4 family residential structure if the value of the land exceeds the value of the residence. Risks inherent in this portfolio segment include adverse changes in climate, fluctuations in feed and cattle prices and changes in property values. 

Consumer: 
 
 This portfolio segment consists of non-real estate loans to consumers. This includes secured and unsecured loans such as auto and personal loans. The risks inherent in this portfolio segment include those factors that would impact the consumer s ability to meet their obligations under the loan. These include increases in the local unemployment rate and fluctuations in consumer and business sales. 

1-4 family residential: 
 
 This portfolio segment includes loans to both commercial and consumer borrowers secured by real estate for housing units of up to families. Risks inherent in this portfolio segment include increases in the local unemployment rate, changes in the local economy and factors that would impact the value of the underlying collateral, such as changes in property values. 

Multi-family residential: 
 
 This portfolio segment includes loans secured by structures containing or more residential housing units. Risks inherent in this portfolio segment include increases to the local unemployment rate, changes in the local economy, and factors that would impact property values. 

Agricultural: 
 
 The agricultural portfolio segment includes loans to individuals and companies in the dairy and cattle industries and farmers. Loans in the segment are secured by collateral including cattle, crops and equipment. Risks inherent in this portfolio segment include adverse changes in climate and fluctuations in feed and cattle prices. 
 
 The following groups of loans are considered to carry specific similar inherent risk characteristics, which the Bank considers separately during its calculation of the allowance for credit losses. These groups of loans are reported within the segments identified in the previous table. 

Mortgage Warehouse: 
 
 The mortgage warehouse portfolio includes loans in which we purchase mortgage loan ownership interests from unaffiliated mortgage originators that are generally held by us for a period of less than 30-days, typically 5-10 days before they are sold to an approved investor. These loans are consistently underwritten based on standards established by the approved investor. Risks inherent in this portfolio include borrower or mortgage originator fraud. 

SBA Acquired Loans 
 
 The SBA acquired loans segment consists of partially SBA guaranteed loans that were acquired from Westbound Bank in June 2018. These loans are commercial real estate and commercial and industrial in nature and were underwritten with guidelines that are less conservative than our Company. Risks inherent in this portfolio include increases in interest rates, as most are variable rate loans, generally lower levels of borrower equity, less conservative underwriting guidelines, fluctuations in real estate values and changes in the local and national economy. 

SBA Originated Loans 
 
 The SBA originated loans segment consists of loans that are partially guaranteed by the SBA and were originated and underwritten by Guaranty Bank Trust loan officers. Risks inherent in this portfolio include increases in interest rates due to variable rate structures, generally lower levels of borrower equity or net worth, fluctuations in real estate values and changes in the local and national economy. 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program Loans 
 
 Loans originated under the PPP are government guaranteed by the SBA. As a result, the loans are excluded from the segments above and a minimal reserve estimate was applied to this segment of loans for purposes of calculating the credit loss provision. 
 
 In general, the loans in our portfolio have low historical credit losses. The credit quality of loans in our portfolio is impacted by delinquency status and debt service coverage generated by our borrowers businesses and fluctuations in the value of real estate collateral. Management considers delinquency status to be the most meaningful indicator of the credit quality of one-to-four single family residential, home equity loans and lines of credit and other consumer loans. In general, these types of loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been outstanding for some period of time, a process we refer to as seasoning. As a result, a portfolio of older loans will usually behave more predictably than a portfolio of newer loans. We consider the majority of our consumer type loans to be seasoned and that the credit quality and current level of delinquencies and defaults represents the level of reserve needed in the allowance for credit losses. If delinquencies and defaults were to increase, we may be required to increase our provision for credit losses, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Delinquency statistics are updated at least monthly. Internal risk ratings are considered the most meaningful indicator of credit quality for new commercial and industrial, construction, and commercial real estate loans. Internal risk ratings are a key factor that impact management s estimates of loss factors used in determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses. Internal risk ratings are updated on a continuous basis. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans evaluated individually are not also included in the collective evaluation. When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. Credit Quality Indicators - The Company monitors the credit quality of the loans in the various segments by identifying and evaluating credit quality indicators specific to each segment class. This information is incorporated into management s analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. Information for the credit quality indicators is updated monthly or quarterly for classified assets and at least annually for the remainder of the portfolio. The following is a discussion of the primary credit quality indicators most closely monitored for the loan portfolio, by class: 

Commercial and industrial: 
 
 In assessing risk associated with commercial loans, management considers the business s cash flow and the value of the underlying collateral to be the primary credit quality indicators. 

Construction and development: 
 
 In assessing the credit quality of construction loans, management considers the ability of the borrower to make principal and interest payments in the event that they are unable to sell the completed structure to be a primary credit quality indicator. For real estate development loans, management also considers the likelihood of the successful sale of the constructed properties in the development. 

Commercial real estate: 
 
 Management considers the strength of the borrower s cash flows, changes in property values and occupancy status to be key credit quality indicators of commercial real estate loans. 

Farmland: 
 
 In assessing risk associated with farmland loans, management considers the borrower s cash flows and underlying property values to be key credit quality indicators. 

Consumer: 
 
 Management considers delinquency status to be the primary credit quality indicator of consumer loans. Others include the debt to income ratio of the borrower, the borrower s credit history, the availability of other credit to the borrower, the borrower s past-due history, and, if applicable, the value of the underlying collateral to be primary credit quality indicators. 

1-4 family residential: 
 
 Management considers delinquency status to be the primary credit quality indicator of 1-4 family residential loans. Others include changes in the local economy, changes in property values, and changes in local unemployment rates to be key credit quality indicators of the loans in the 1-4 family residential loan segment. 

Multi-family residential: 
 
 Management considers changes in the local economy, changes in property values, vacancy rates and changes in local unemployment rates to be key credit quality indicators of the loans in the multifamily loan segment. 

Agricultural: 
 
 In assessing risk associated with agricultural loans, management considers the borrower s cash flows, the value of the underlying collateral and sources of secondary repayment to be primary credit quality indicators. 
 
 From time to time, we modify our loan agreement with a borrower. A modified loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring when two conditions are met: (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (ii) concessions are made by us that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower with similar credit risk characteristics. Modifications to loan terms may include a lower interest rate, a reduction of principal, or a longer term to maturity. We review each troubled debt restructured loan and determine on a case-by-case basis if the loan can be grouped with its like segment for allowance consideration or whether it should be individually evaluated for a specific allowance for credit loss allocation. If individually evaluated, an allowance for credit loss allocation is based on either the present value of estimated future cash flows or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, during 2020 and 2021, the Bank provided financial relief to many of its customers through a 3-month principal and interest payment deferral program or an up to 6-month interest only program. Pursuant to the CARES Act and the April 7, 2020 Interagency guidance and GAAP, these loan modifications, and certain subsequent modifications, are not considered to be troubled debt restructurings. Reserve for Unfunded Commitments The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancelable by the Company. The allowance for credit losses on off balance sheet credit exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. 

Equipment 
 
 to 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 
 to 

Software 
 
 to 

Automobiles 
 
 to 

impairment. Core deposit intangibles represent premiums paid on acquired deposits based on the estimated fair value of the deposits at the time of purchase. These premiums are amortized over a period. 

other comprehensive (loss) income and subsequently reclassified to operations in the same period(s) that the hedged transaction impacts operations. For free-standing derivative instruments, changes in fair value are reported in current period operations. 

as operating results for all segments are similar. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in reportable operating segment. 
 consolidated statements of earnings as components of noninterest income, are as follows: Deposit services . Service charges on deposit accounts include fees for banking services provided, overdrafts and non-sufficient funds. Revenue is generally recognized as incurred in accordance with published deposit account agreements for retail accounts or contractual agreements for commercial accounts. 

 Merchant and debit card fees . Merchant and debit card fees include interchange income that is generated by our customers usage and volume of activity. Interchange rates are not controlled by the Company, which effectively acts as processor that collects and remits payments associated with customer debit card transactions. Merchant service revenue is derived from third party vendors that process credit card transactions on behalf of our merchant customers. Merchant services revenue is recognized as incurred and is primarily comprised of residual fee income based on the referred merchant s processing volumes and/or margin. 

 Fiduciary income . Trust income includes fees and commissions from investment management, administrative and advisory services primarily for individuals, and to a lesser extent, partnerships and corporations. Investment management income is recognized on an accrual basis at the time the services are performed and when we have a right to invoice and are based on either the market value of the assets managed or the services provided. Administrative and advisory services income is recognized as incurred. 

 Other noninterest income . Other noninterest income includes among other things, mortgage loan origination fees, wire transfer fees, stop payment fees, loan administration fees and mortgage warehouse lending fees. The majority of these fees in other noninterest income are not subject to the requirements of ASC 606. Fees that are within the scope of ASC 606 are generally received and recognized as revenue at the time the performance obligations are met. 

. The day one impact of adopting CECL resulted in an allowance increase of , or , from December 31, 2019. The day one increase was primarily due to recognizing expected lifetime losses in the portfolio and adding an economic forecast based upon our assumptions on January 1, 2020. The significant increase in the ACL provision during the year-end December 31, 2020 resulted primarily from changes in our CECL model assumptions as a result of COVID-19. The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance-sheet OBS credit exposures. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2020 are presented under ASC 326 while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable GAAP. The Company recorded a decrease to retained earnings of , net of tax effects of , as of January 1, 2020 for the cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a significant impact on our regulatory capital ratios. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures , which eliminates the recognition and measurement guidance for troubled debt restructurings TDRs by creditors in ASC 310-40. The update also enhances disclosure requirements for certain loan restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Specially, rather than applying the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, an entity will apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance to determine whether a modification or other form of restructuring results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. Finally, the amendments in this ASU require a public business entity to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases in the existing vintage disclosures. The Company adopted this ASU effective on January 1, 2023, and used the prospective method, which did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Total available for sale 

Held to maturity: 

U.S. government agencies 

Treasury securities 

Municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Total held to maturity 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Available for sale: 

U.S. government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Total available for sale 

Held to maturity: 

Municipal securities 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total held to maturity 

From time to time, we have reclassified certain securities from available for sale to held to maturity. Such transfers are made at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gains and losses at the date of transfer are retained in other comprehensive (loss) income and in the carrying value of the held to maturity securities and are amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the security. During the second quarter of 2022, we transferred of securities from available for sale to held to maturity, which included a net unrealized loss on the date of transfer of . During the third quarter of 2021, we transferred of securities from available for sale to held to maturity, which included a net unrealized gain on the date of transfer of . These unamortized unrealized losses and unaccreted unrealized gains on our transferred securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on our balance sheet and they netted to an unrealized loss of at December 31, 2022 compared to an unrealized gain of at December 31, 2021. This amount will be amortized and accreted out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income over the remaining life of the underlying securities as an adjustment of the yield on those securities. There was allowance for credit losses recorded for our available for sale or held to maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2022 or 2021.) 

() 

() 

Municipal securities 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Total available for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Held to maturity: 

U.S. government agencies 

() 

() 

Treasury securities 

() 

() 

Municipal securities 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Total held to maturity 

() 

() 

() 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or Longer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Available for sale: 

U.S. government agencies 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

() 

() 

Total available for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Held to maturity: 

Municipal securities 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

Total held to maturity 

() 

() 

() 

There were investments in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, of which were available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position with recorded allowance for credit losses. The available for sale securities in a loss position were composed of U.S. government agencies, corporate bonds, collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities. Management evaluates available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the impairment is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. With respect to the collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, the Company has determined that a decline in fair value is not due to credit-related factors. The Company monitors the credit quality of other debt securities through the use of credit ratings and other factors specific to an individual security in assessing whether or not the decline in fair value of municipal or corporate securities, relative to their amortized cost, is due to credit-related factors. Triggers to prompt further investigation of securities when the fair value is less than the amortized cost are when a security has been downgraded and falls below an A credit rating, and the security s unrealized loss exceeds of its book value. Consideration is given to (1) the extent to which fair value is less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. Based on evaluation of available evidence, management believes the unrealized losses on the securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are not credit-related. Management does not have the intent to sell any of these securities and believes that it is more likely than not the Company will not have to sell any such securities before recovery of cost. The fair values are expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for the investments decline. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. Management assesses held to maturity securities sharing similar risk characteristics on a collective basis for expected credit losses under CECL. As of December 31, 2022, our held to maturity securities consisted of U.S. government agencies, municipal bonds, treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies. With regard to the treasuries, collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government, or agencies thereof, it is expected that the securities will not be settled at prices less than the amortized cost bases of the securities as such securities are backed by the full faith and credit of and/or guaranteed by the U.S. government. As of December 31, 2021, our held to maturity securities consisted of municipal bonds and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are backed by pools of mortgages that are insured or guaranteed by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association or the government National Mortgage Association. For municipal securities, management reviewed key risk indicators, including ratings by credit agencies when available, and determined that there is no current expectation of credit loss. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. As of December 31, 2022 , there were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the collateralized mortgage obligations, treasuries and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. As of December 31, 2021 , there were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. Securities with fair values of approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure public fund deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. Proceeds from the sales of available for sale securities and the associated gains and losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 , are listed below. There were securities sold during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 

2022 

Proceeds from sales 

Gross gains 

Gross losses 

() 
 
 There were held to maturity securities sold during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. their obligation with or without call or prepayment penalties. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. 

Available for Sale 

Held to Maturity 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Estimated Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Estimated Fair Value 

Due within one year 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Total securities 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Warehouse lending (1) 

Overdrafts 

Total loans (2) 

Net of: 

Deferred loan fees, net 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total net loans (2) 

(1) Warehouse lending is presented as a component of commercial and industrial loans in remaining tables. 

(2) Excludes accrued interest receivable on loans of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company has entered into transactions, at prevailing market rates and terms, with certain directors, executive officers, significant shareholders and their affiliates. Loans to such related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled and , respectively. Unfunded commitments to such related parties at December 31, 2022 totaled . 

New loans 

Repayments 

() 

Ending balance 

F- 24 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

Provision for (reversal of) for credit losses 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Ending balance 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Commercial and industrial 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Overdrafts 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance 

(Reversal of) provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Ending balance 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Commercial and industrial 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Overdrafts 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASC 326 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

() 

() 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

() 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Ending balance 

F- 26 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

was recorded primarily to account for the estimated impact of COVID-19 on credit quality and resulted largely from changes to individual loan risk ratings, as well as COVID-specific qualitative factors primarily derived from changes in national GDP, Texas unemployment rates and national industry related CRE trends, all of which were impacted by the effects of COVID-19. During 2021, a reverse provision of was recorded, and the provision reversals captured improvements that occurred to macroeconomic factors evaluated at the onset of the pandemic as part of the aforementioned COVID-specific qualitative factors, as well as risk rating upgrades for specific loans, which impacted the reserve calculations within the model. In the first quarter of 2022, the remaining COVID-specific qualitative factors were removed and an additional reverse provision of , to account for significant improvements in COVID-related health statistics and economic impacts through that time period were recorded. However, growth in the loan portfolio, as well as declines in economic outlooks during the year and an adjustment to qualitative factors for expected recession forecasts, resulted in a provision expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Credit Quality Assets are graded pass when the relationship exhibits acceptable credit risk and indicates repayment ability, tolerable collateral coverage and reasonable performance history. Lending relationships exhibiting potentially significant credit risk and marginal repayment ability and/or asset protection are graded special mention. Assets classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the liquidation of the debt. Substandard graded loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets graded doubtful are substandard graded loans that have added characteristics that make collection or liquidation in full improbable. Loans that are on nonaccrual status are generally classified as substandard. In general, the loans in our portfolio have low historical credit losses. The Company closely monitors economic conditions and loan performance trends to manage and evaluate the exposure to credit risk. Key factors tracked by the Company and utilized in evaluating the credit quality of the loan portfolio include trends in delinquency ratios, the level of nonperforming assets, borrower s repayment capacity, and collateral coverage. 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total commercial and industrial loans 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

() 

() 

() 

Construction and development: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total construction and development loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Commercial real estate: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total commercial real estate loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

December 31, 2022 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Total 

Farmland: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total farmland loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

1-4 family residential: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total 1-4 family residential loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Multi-family residential: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total multi-family residential loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

December 31, 2022 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Total 

Consumer and overdrafts: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total consumer loans and overdrafts 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Agricultural: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total agricultural loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Total loans: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total loans 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Total current period net (charge-offs) recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 The following table summarizes the credit exposure in the Company s loan portfolio, by year of origination, as of December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2021 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Total 

Commercial and industrial: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total commercial and industrial loans 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Construction and development: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total construction and development loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Commercial real estate: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total commercial real estate loans 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Total 

Farmland: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total farmland loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

1-4 family residential: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total 1-4 family residential loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Multi-family residential: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total multi-family residential loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

December 31, 2021 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Total 

Consumer and overdrafts: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total consumer loans and overdrafts 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Agricultural: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total agricultural loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Current period net 

Total loans: 

Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard 

Nonaccrual 

Total loans 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Total current period net charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

There were loans classified in the doubtful or loss risk rating categories as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no individually evaluated collateral-dependent loans within the ACL model as of December 31, 2022. 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Total 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Overdrafts 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 30 to 59 Days Past Due 

60 to 89 Days Past Due 

90 Days or Greater Past Due 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans 

Recorded Investment > 90 Days and Accruing 

Commercial and industrial 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Multi-family residential 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Overdrafts 

Total 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Farmland 

1-4 family residential 

Consumer and overdrafts 

Agricultural 

Total 

If interest on nonaccrual loans had been accrued, such income would have been approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans were classified as nonaccrual. Troubled Debt Restructurings A troubled debt restructuring TDR is a restructuring in which a bank, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. There were loans modified as TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2022. No TDRs subsequently defaulted during 2022 or 2021 , and the TDRs did t increase the allowance for credit losses and did t result in any charge-offs during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Total 

December 31, 2020 
 
 Number of Contracts 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Troubled Debt Restructurings: 

Construction and development 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial real estate 

Total 

Building and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Automobiles 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

F- 35 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Amortization 

() 

() 

End of year 

Accumulated amortization was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to core deposit intangibles was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Savings and money market accounts 

Time deposits 250,000 or less 

Time deposits greater than 250,000 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Deposits of executive officers, directors and significant shareholders at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 

 F- 36 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The outstanding FHLB advances above will be repaid with cash flows from operations or renewed into new advances. The Company has an unsecured revolving line of credit with a correspondent bank that bears interest at the greater of (i) the prime rate, which was at December 31, 2022 , or (ii) the rate floor of , with interest payable , and matures in . Under the terms of the line of credit, the Company agreed not to pledge or grant a lien or security interest in the stock of the Bank or in any other assets without prior consent of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding balance on the line of credit. To be in compliance with the loan covenants, the Bank is required to maintain no less than a total risk-based capital ratio, must maintain no less than in tangible net worth, the ratio of non-performing assets to equity plus allowance for credit losses must not exceed , the cash flow coverage must be greater than times, the ratio of other additional debt to total assets must not exceed , and the Company is limited to acquiring additional debt of no more than without prior approval. The Company is in compliance with all loan covenants. 

Trust III Debentures 

DCB Trust I Debentures 

Subordinated note 

Other debentures 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has two active trusts, Guaranty (TX) Capital Trust III Trust III and DCB Financial Trust I DCB Trust I ). The subordinated debentures of a third trust, Guaranty (TX) Capital Trust II, were redeemed in May 2022, for . Upon formation, the Trusts issued pass-through securities TruPS with a liquidation value of per share to third parties in private placements. Concurrently with the issuance of the TruPS, the Trusts (comprised of Trust III and DCB Trust I) issued common securities to the Company. The Trusts invested the proceeds of the sales of securities to the Company Debentures ). The Debentures mature approximately after the formation date, which may be shortened if certain conditions are met (including the Company having received prior approval of the Federal Reserve and any other required regulatory approvals). 

Original liquidation value 

Common securities liquidation value 

The securities held by the Trusts qualify as Tier 1 capital for the Company under Federal Reserve Board guidelines. The Federal Reserve s guidelines restrict core capital elements (including trust preferred securities and qualifying perpetual preferred stock) to 25 of all core capital elements, net of goodwill less any associated deferred tax liability. Because the Company s aggregate amount of trust preferred securities is less than the limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital, net of goodwill, the full amount is includable in Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2022. Additionally, the terms provide that trust preferred securities would no longer qualify for Tier 1 capital within five years of their maturity, but would be included as Tier 2 capital. However, the trust preferred securities would be amortized out of Tier 2 capital by one-fifth each year and excluded from Tier 2 capital completely during the year prior to maturity of the junior subordinated debentures. With certain exceptions, the amounts of the principal and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Debentures are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all senior indebtedness of the Company. Interest on the Debentures is payable quarterly. The interest is deferrable on a cumulative basis for up to five consecutive years following a suspension of dividend payments on all other capital stock. No principal payments are due until maturity for each of the Debentures. 

Maturity date 

Interest due 

In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation, the junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company to the subsidiary trusts are shown as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and interest expense associated with the junior subordinated debentures is shown in the consolidated statements of earnings. Trust II Debentures These debentures were paid off in May, 2022. Prior to repayment, interest was payable at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to 3 month LIBOR plus . Trust III Debentures Interest is payable at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to 3 month LIBOR plus . On any interest payment date on or after October 1, 2016 and prior to maturity date, the debentures are redeemable for cash at the option of the Company, on at least , but not more than notice, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount to be redeemed, plus accrued interest to the date of redemption. DCB Trust I Debentures Interest is payable at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to 3 month LIBOR plus . On any interest payment date on or after June 15, 2012 and prior to maturity date, the debentures are redeemable for cash at the option of the Company, on at least , but not more than notice, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount to be redeemed, plus accrued interest to the date of redemption. Other Debentures In May 2020, the Company issued in debentures to directors and other related parties. The debentures were issued at a par value of each with fixed annual rates between and and maturity dates between and . Various of these debentures have matured since issuance and remains as of December 31, 2022 . At the Company s option, and with advanced notice to the holder, the entire principal amount and all accrued interest may be paid to the holder on or before the due date of any debenture. The redemption price is equal to of the face amount of the debenture redeemed, plus all accrued interest. In March 2022, the Company completed the issuance and sale of in principal amount fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes. The notes have a stated maturity date of , and bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , due semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1, until April 1, 2027, at which point it converts to a floating rate instrument, payable quarterly starting on July 1, 2027, equal to the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), reset quarterly, plus a spread of 192 basis points. The Company used the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of debt and purchases of shares of capital stock. 

2024 

Thereafter 

Total scheduled principal payments 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

shares, all of which may be subject to incentive stock option treatment. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant; those option awards have vesting periods ranging from to and have contractual terms. Restricted stock awards vest under the period of restriction specified within their respective award agreements as determined by the Company. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur, subject to a grace period for vested options. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a closed form option valuation (Black-Scholes) model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock and similar peer group averages. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and post-vesting termination behavior. The expected term of options granted is based on historical data and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes in to account that the options are not transferable. The dividend yield is the total dividends per share paid during the period divided by the average of the Company's stock price on each date a grant was issued. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected stock price volatility 

Dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at end of period 

2021 
 
 Number of Shares 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Effect of stock dividend 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at end of period 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

2021 
 
 Number of Shares 

Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Effect of stock dividend 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Cash received from options exercised 

Weighted average fair value of options granted 

Restricted Stock Awards and Units 

Vested 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

2021 
 
 Number of Shares 

Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Effect of stock dividend 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Restricted stock granted to employees typically vests over , but vesting periods may vary. Compensation expense for these grants is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the stock at the issue date. As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options and restricted stock granted under the Plan. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company granted options and restricted stock under the Plan during both 2022 and 2021. Expense of , and was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, which represents the fair value of shares vested during those periods. 

 of a participant s qualified compensation starting January 1, 2016. Guaranty s total contributions accrued or paid during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , and , respectively. Upon separation from service or other distributable event, a participant s account under the KSOP may be distributed in kind in the form of the Guaranty common shares allocated to his or her account (with the balance payable in cash), or the entire account can be liquidated and distributed in cash. As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares held by the KSOP was . There were unallocated shares to plan participants as of December 31, 2022, and all shares held by the KSOP were treated as outstanding. Executive Incentive Retirement Plan The Company established a non-qualified, non-contributory executive incentive retirement plan covering a selected group of key personnel to provide benefits equal to amounts computed under an award criteria at various targeted salary levels as adjusted for annual earnings performance of the Company. The plan is non-funded. In connection with the Executive Incentive Retirement Plan, the Company has purchased life insurance policies on the respective officers. The cash surrender value of life insurance policies held by the Company totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a gain of was included in other income in the Company's consolidated statement of earnings, from 464 in proceeds received from these life insurance policies resulting from the death of a former bank officer. such gains were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. Expense related to these plans totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This expense is included in employee compensation and benefits on the Company s consolidated statements of earnings. The recorded liability totaled approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued interest and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Bonus Plan The Company has a bonus plan that rewards officers and employees based on performance of individual business units of the Company. Earnings and growth performance goals for each business unit and for the Company as a whole are established at the beginning of the calendar year and approved annually by Guaranty s board of directors. The bonus plan provides for a predetermined bonus amount to be contributed to the employee bonus pool based on (i) earnings target and growth for individual business units and (ii) achieving certain pre-tax return on average equity and pre-tax return on average asset levels for the Company as a whole. These bonus amounts are established annually by Guaranty s board of directors. The bonus expense under this plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , and , respectively, which included accrued bonus expense at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 of , and , respectively. The expense is included in employee compensation and benefits on the consolidated statements of earnings and the accrual is included in accrued interest and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 to . Some of the Company s operating leases include options to extend the leases for up to . Operating leases in which we are the lessee must be recorded as right-of-use assets with corresponding lease liabilities. The right-of-use asset represents our right to utilize the underlying asset during the lease term, while the lease liability represents the present value of the obligation of the Company to make periodic lease payments over the life of the lease. The associated operating lease costs are comprised of the amortization of the right-of-use asset and the implicit interest accreted on the lease liability, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. As of December 31, 2022, operating lease right-of-use assets were and liabilities were , and as of December 31, 2021, lease assets and liabilities were and respectively, and were included within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as components of other assets and accrued interest and other liabilities, respectively. Operating lease expense for operating leases accounted for under ASC 842 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately , and , respectively, and is included as a component of occupancy expenses within the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

F- 42 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Deferred federal tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Tax exempt interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings of bank owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Deferred compensation 

Unrealized loss on available for sale securities 

Bonus accrual 

Deferred loan fees, net 

Accretion of acquisition allowance 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain on available for sale securities 

() 

Premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before 2019. 

 represents the fair value of the derivative instruments, is reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheets in other liabilities, if applicable. The Company is exposed to credit related losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to those agreements. The Company controls the credit risk of its financial contracts through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures, and does not expect any counterparties to fail to perform their respective obligations. The Company entered into interest rate swaps to receive payments at a fixed rate in exchange for paying a floating rate on the debentures discussed in Note 9. Management believed that entering into the interest rate swaps exposed the Company to variability in their fair value due to changes in the level of interest rates. It was the Company s objective to hedge the change in fair value of floating rate debentures at coverage levels that were appropriate, given anticipated or existing interest rate levels and other market considerations, as well as the relationship of change in the liability to other liabilities of the Company. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, Guaranty terminated these interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling at the time of termination, as the risk exposure declined to acceptable levels. The swaps were canceled at an expense of , which is included in non-interest expense in the 2021 consolidated statement of earnings. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company also terminated interest rate swaps that were originally designed to receive payments at a floating rate in exchange for paying a fixed rate, the objective of which was to reduce the overall cost of short-term 3-month FHLB advances that were renewed consistent with the reset terms on the interest rate swaps. The swaps were canceled at a net gain of , which is included in other non-interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings. The interest rate swaps, with notional amounts totaling as of December 31, 2021 were designated as cash flow hedges of the FHLB Advances. The aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in accrued interest and other liabilities within the Company s consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive (loss) income. There were outstanding interest rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

3 month LIBOR 

3 month LIBOR 

() 

3 month LIBOR 

() 

Interest expense recorded on these swap transactions totaled , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. This expense is reported as a component of interest expense within subordinated debt and the FHLB advances and federal funds purchased on the consolidated statements of earnings. 

 credit to be funded, along with credit related conditions present in the loan agreements when estimating an ACL for off-balance sheet commitments. Loan agreements executed in connection with construction loans and commercial lines of credit have standard conditions which must be met prior to the Company being required to provide additional funding, including conditions precedent that typically include: (i) no event of default or potential default has occurred; (ii) that no material adverse events have taken place that would materially affect the borrower or the value of the collateral, (iii) that the borrower remains in compliance with all loan obligations and covenants and has made no misrepresentations; (iv) that the collateral has not been damaged or impaired; (v) that the project remains on budget and in compliance with all laws and regulations; and (vi) that all management agreements, lease agreements and franchise agreements that affect the value of the collateral remain in force. If the conditions precedent have not been met, the Company retains the option to cease current draws and/or future funding. As a result of these conditions within our loan agreements, management has determined that credit risk is minimal and there is recorded ACL as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The Company s policies generally require that letters of credit arrangements contain security and debt covenants similar to those contained in loan agreements. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, the Company would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount shown in the table below. If the commitment were funded, the Company would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer. Our credit risk associated with issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risk involved in extending loan facilities to our customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , amounts have been recorded as an ACL for the Bank s potential obligations under these guarantees. 

Letters of credit 

Litigation The Company is involved in certain claims and lawsuits occurring in the normal course of business. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not believe that the outcome of these actions, if determined adversely, would have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. FHLB Letters of Credit At December 31, 2022, the Company had letters of credit of pledged to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements, and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 

 (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject. The Basel III Capital Rules, among other things, (i) introduced a new capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 ), (ii) specified that Tier 1 capital consist of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments meeting specified requirements, (iii) defined CET1 narrowly by requiring that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital, (iv) expanded the scope of the deductions/adjustments as compared to existing regulations, and (v) imposed a capital conservation buffer of above minimum risk-based capital requirements, below which an institution would be subject to limitations on certain activities including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s capital ratios exceeded those levels necessary to be categorized as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized , the Company must maintain minimum capital ratios as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that management believes have changed the Company s category. The Federal Reserve s guidelines regarding the capital treatment of trust preferred securities limits restricted core capital elements (including trust preferred securities and qualifying perpetual preferred stock) to 25 of all core capital elements, net of goodwill less any associated deferred tax liability. Because the Company s aggregate amount of trust preferred securities is less than the limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital, net of goodwill, the rules permit the inclusion of and of trust preferred securities in Tier 1 capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the rules provide that trust preferred securities would no longer qualify for Tier 1 capital within five years of their maturity, but would be included as Tier 2 capital. However, the trust preferred securities would be amortized out of Tier 2 capital by one-fifth each year and excluded from Tier 2 capital completely during the year prior to maturity of the subordinated debentures. 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets: 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to average assets: (1) 

Consolidated 

n/a 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets: 

Consolidated 

n/a 

Bank 

(1) The Tier 1 capital ratio (to average assets) is not impacted by the Basel III Capital Rules; however, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may require the Consolidated Company and the Bank, respectively, to maintain a Tier 1 capital ratio (to average assets) above the required minimum. 

Actual 
 
 Minimum Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes 
 
 Minimum Required Under Basel III (Including Buffer) 
 
 To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 
 
 Amount 

Ratio 

December 31, 2021 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets: 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets: 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to average assets: (1) 

Consolidated 

n/a 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets: 

Consolidated 

n/a 

Bank 

(1) The Tier 1 capital ratio (to average assets) is not impacted by the Basel III Capital Rules; however, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may require the Consolidated Company and the Bank, respectively, to maintain a Tier 1 capital ratio (to average assets) above the required minimum. 

Dividends paid by Guaranty are mainly provided by dividends from its subsidiaries. However, certain regulatory restrictions exist regarding the ability of its bank subsidiary to transfer funds to Guaranty in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank organized as a national banking association, such as the Bank, may declare in a calendar year is the subsidiary bank s net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years. Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income less dividends declared during the period. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had available for payment of dividends. Dividends are paid quarterly, and in dividends were paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are secured by mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are financing arrangements that mature within two years. At maturity, the securities underlying the agreements are returned to the Company. 

Average interest rate during the year 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

Weighted average interest rate at year-end 

F- 47 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Municipal securities 

Corporate bonds 

Loans held for sale 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

SBA servicing assets 

Assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Individually evaluated collateral dependent loans 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Available for sale securities: 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. government agencies 

Loans held for sale 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

SBA servicing assets 

Derivative instrument assets 

() 

() 

Derivative instrument liabilities 

Assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Individually evaluated collateral dependent loans 

There were no transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 during the years December 31, 2022 or 2021. Nonfinancial Assets and Nonfinancial Liabilities Nonfinancial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include certain foreclosed assets which, upon initial recognition, were remeasured and reported at fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for credit losses and certain foreclosed assets which, subsequent to their initial recognition, were remeasured at fair value through a write-down included in current earnings. The fair value of a foreclosed asset is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on observable market data or Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria. 

Charge-offs recognized in the allowance for credit losses 

() 

Fair value of other real estate owned remeasured at initial recognition 

Other real estate owned remeasured subsequent to initial recognition: 

Carrying value of other real estate owned prior to remeasurement 

Write-downs included in collection and other real estate owned expense 

() 

Fair value of other real estate owned remeasured subsequent to initial recognition 

Appraisal value of collateral 
 
 Selling costs or other normal adjustments 

There were no individually evaluated collateral depended loans as of December 31, 2022 . 

Real estate: 

Construction and development 

Commercial real estate 

Total 

Marketable securities held to maturity 

Loans, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements 

Accrued interest payable 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debt 

Fair value measurements as of December 31, 2021 using: 

Carrying Amount 

Level 1 Inputs 

Level 2 Inputs 

Level 3 Inputs 

Total Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash, due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits 

Marketable securities held to maturity 

Loans, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Nonmarketable equity securities 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements 

Accrued interest payable 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debt 

The methods and assumptions, not previously presented, used to estimate fair values are described as follows: Cash and Cash Equivalents : The carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values (Level 1). Marketable Securities Held to Maturity : The fair values for marketable securities held to maturity are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). Loans, net : The fair value of fixed-rate loans and variable-rate loans that reprice on an infrequent basis is estimated by discounting future cash flows using the current interest rates at which similar loans with similar terms would be made to borrowers of similar credit quality (Level 3). Nonmarketable Equity Securities : It is not practical to determine the fair value of Independent Bankers Financial Corporation, Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability. Deposits and Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements : The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, passbook savings, and certain types of money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amount) (Level 1). The fair values of deposit liabilities with defined maturities are estimated by discounting future cash flows using interest rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities (Level 2). Other Borrowings : The fair value of borrowings, consisting of lines of credit, Federal Home Loan Bank advances and Subordinated debentures is estimated by discounting future cash flows using currently available rates for similar financing (Level 2). Accrued Interest Receivable/Payable : The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate their fair values (Level 2). Off-balance Sheet Instruments : Fair values for off-balance sheet, credit-related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing. The fair value of commitments is not material. 

 F- 51 
 
 Table of Contents 

GUARANTY BANCSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification and tax effect 

() 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

Net realized gain on sale of securities available for sale 

Tax effect 

Tax expense 

Net of tax 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification and tax effect 

() 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The following are changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income by component, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2020: 

Losses on Cash Flow Hedges 

Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Available for Sale Securities 

Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Held to Maturity Securities 

Total 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax effect 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

There were amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended December 31, 2020 . 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding (basic) 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Common stock equivalent shares from stock options 

Weighted-average shares outstanding (diluted) 

Net earnings attributable to Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Investment in banking subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Line of credit 

Subordinated debt, net 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Dividends from Guaranty Bank Trust 

Expenses 

Interest expense 

Other expenses 

(Loss) income before income tax and equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

(Loss) income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

() 

() 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Net earnings 

Comprehensive income 

Adjustments: 

Equity in undistributed subsidiary earnings 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Change in other assets 

() 

() 

Change in other liabilities 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds of borrowings 

Repayments of borrowings 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Beginning cash and cash equivalents 

Ending cash and cash equivalents 

F- 54 

<EX-21>
 2
 gnty-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. 
 
 United States 

Guaranty (TX) Capital Trust III 
 
 Delaware 

DCB Financial Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Subsidiaries of Guaranty Bank Trust, N.A. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Guaranty Company, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

GB Com, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

2800 South Texas Avenue, LLC 
 
 Texas 

Pin Oak Realty Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Guaranty Bank Trust Political Action Committee 
 
 Texas 

White Oak Aviation, LLC 
 
 Texas 

Caliber Guaranty Private Account, LLC 
 
 Texas 

Subsidiaries of Pin Oak Realty Holdings, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Pin Oak Asset Management, LLC 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gnty-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261266) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-217801) of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 10, 2023, relating to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Whitley Penn LLP 
 Plano, Texas 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 gnty-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Tyson T. Abston, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Tyson T. Abston 

Tyson T. Abston 

Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 gnty-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Clifton A. Payne, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Clifton A. Payne 

Chief Financial Officer Director 

Clifton A. Payne 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 gnty-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Tyson T. Abston, Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Tyson T. Abston 

Tyson T. Abston 

Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 10, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 gnty-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Clifton A. Payne, Chief Financial Officer Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Clifton A. Payne 

Clifton A. Payne 

Chief Financial Officer Director 

Date: March 10, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 gnty-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 gnty-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 gnty-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 gnty-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 gnty-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

