<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1841968_0000950170-23-010038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21913766</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>509774</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4573786</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9441618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2755784</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4179910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010038.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327165357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			P10, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841968
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40937
		FILM NUMBER:		23765133

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4514 COLE AVENUE, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 999-6063

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4514 COLE AVENUE, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010038.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 px-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filingreflect the correctionof an error to previouslyissued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately million, based on the closing price of 11.12 as reported by the NYSE Stock Market. 
 
 As of March 20 2023, there were shares of the Registrant's Class A common stock and shares of the Registrant's Class B common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 64 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 64 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 64 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 64 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 65 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 66 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 86 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 124 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 124 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 124 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 124 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 125 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 125 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 125 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 125 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 129 

Signatures 
 130 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K includes certain information regarding the historical performance of our specialized investment vehicles, which include specialized funds and customized separate accounts. An investment in shares of our Class A common stock is not an investment in our specialized investment vehicles. In considering the performance information relating to our specialized investment vehicles contained herein, prospective Class A common stockholders should bear in mind that the performance of our specialized investment vehicles is not indicative of the possible performance of shares of our Class A common stock and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of our specialized investment vehicles, even if fund investments were in fact liquidated on the dates indicated, and there can be no assurance that our specialized investment vehicles will continue to achieve, or that future specialized investment vehicles will achieve comparable results. 
 
 We own or have rights to trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. In addition, our names, logos and website names and addresses are owned by us or licensed by us. We also own or have the rights to copyrights that protect the content of our solutions. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Form 10-K are listed without the , and symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights. 
 
 This Form 10-K may include trademarks, service marks or tradenames of other companies. Our use or display of other parties trademarks, service marks, trade names or products is not intended to, and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, the trademark, service mark or tradename owners. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this Form 10-K concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, other third- party sources (including industry publications, surveys and forecasts), and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysts and third-party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on assumptions made by us upon reviewing such data and our knowledge of such industry and markets that we believe to be reasonable. Although we believe the data from these third-party sources is reliable, we have not independently verified any third-party information. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of the future performance of the industry in which we operate and our future performance are necessarily subject to uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 
 Our principal operating brands are RCP Advisors 2, LLC RCP 2 and RCP Advisors 3, LLC RCP3 , and collectively with RCP 2, RCP Advisors ), TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC TrueBridge ), Five Points Capital, Inc. Five Points ), Enhanced Capital Group, LLC ECG or Enhanced ), Bonaccord Capital Partners, LLC Bonaccord ), Hark Capital Advisors, LLC Hark ), P10 Advisors, LLC P10 Advisors ), and Westech Investment Advisors LLC WTI ). 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Form 10-K to we, us, our, the Company, P10 and similar terms refer (i) for periods prior to giving effect to the reorganization transactions described under Organizational Structure, to P10 Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and (ii) for periods beginning on the date of and after giving effect to such reorganization transactions, to P10, Inc. and its subsidiaries. As used in this Form 10-K, (i) the term P10 Holdings refers to P10 Holdings, Inc. for all periods and (ii) the term P10, Inc. refers solely to P10, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and not to any of its subsidiaries. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance, our operations, strategies and expectations. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, plan and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based upon our historical performance and on our current plans, estimates and expectations. The inclusion of this or any forward-looking information 
 2 

should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to global and domestic market and business conditions, our successful execution of business and growth strategies and regulatory factors relevant to our business, as well as assumptions relating to our operations, financial results, financial condition, business prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under Risk Factors. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Form 10-K. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. Below are some of these risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our revenue in any given period is dependent on the number of fee-paying investors in such period. 

Poor performance of our specialized investment vehicles can adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future specialized investment vehicles. 

The success of our business depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our investors and competition for such access is intense. 

Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation; some of our obligations may conflict with interests of our stockholders. 

Our ability to attract, retain, and develop human capital in a highly competitive talent market is critical to our success. 

We intend to expand our business and may enter into new lines of business or geographic markets. Acquisitions pose risks and place significant demands on our resources. 

The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. 

Terms of our indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

Dependence on leverage by certain funds and portfolio companies subjects us to risks related to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets which could adversely affect the ability of our specialized investment vehicles to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments. 

Defaults by investors in our specialized funds could adversely affect that funds' operations. 

Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our investors could result in damage awards against us and/or a reduction in Fee Paying Assets Under Management FPAUM ). 

Misconduct by our employees, advisors or third-party service providers could impair our ability to attract and retain investors and subject us to legal liability and reputational harm. 

Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our specialized investment vehicles can be significantly subjective, and the values of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized. 

Our investment management activities may involve investments in relatively illiquid assets. 

Our specialized investment vehicles may be undiversified investments and investments in companies that we do not control. These investments may rank junior to investments made by other investors. 

3 

We may not be able to maintain our desired fee structure. 

Restrictions on our ability to collect and analyze data regarding our investors investments could adversely affect our business. 

Operational risks, data security breaches, loss or leakage of data and other interruptions of our information technology systems or those of our third-party service providers may disrupt our business, compromise sensitive information related to our business, or prevent us from accessing critical information. We are also subject to stringent privacy laws, information security laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations. 

We may face damage to our professional reputation and legal liability if our services are not regarded as satisfactory and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand would have an adverse impact. 

We are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. 

We may not be able to fully utilize our net operating loss NOL and other tax carryforwards or the IRS could challenge our use of the NOL. 

The collectability of revenue under the Advisory Services Agreement is dependent on future cash flows of Enhanced PC. 

The investment management and investment advisory business is intensely competitive and highly regulated. 

Difficult market conditions, including continuing rising interest rates, can adversely affect our business by reducing the market value of the assets we manage or causing our investors to reduce their investments in private markets. 

Volatile market, political and economic conditions and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic can adversely affect our business and investments made by our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts. 

A change of control of our company, including the occurrence of a Sunset, could result in an assignment of our investment advisory agreements. 

If we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated. 

The protective provision contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Fulfilling our public company financial reporting and other regulatory obligations is expensive and time consuming. 

We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and an emerging growth company. As a result, we qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements and reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 

The disparity in the voting rights among the classes of our common stock and inability of the holders of our Class A common stock to influence decisions submitted to a vote of our stockholders may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. 

4 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Company 
 
 We are a leading multi-asset class private market solutions provider in the alternative asset management industry. Our mission is to provide our investors differentiated access to a broad set of investment solutions that address their diverse investment needs within private markets. We structure, manage and monitor portfolios of private market investments, which include specialized funds and customized separate accounts within primary investment funds, secondary investments, direct investments and co-investments, (collectively, specialized investment vehicles across highly attractive asset classes and geographies in the middle and lower middle markets that generate superior risk-adjusted returns. Our existing portfolio of private solutions include Private Equity, Venture Capital, Impact Investing and Private Credit. Our deep industry relationships, differentiated investment access and structure, proprietary data analytics, and our portfolio monitoring and reporting capabilities provide our investors the ability to navigate the increasingly complex and difficult to access private markets investments. 
 
 Our revenue is composed almost entirely of recurring management and advisory fees, with the vast majority of fees earned on committed capital that is typically subject to ten to fifteen year lock up agreements. We have an attractive business model that is underpinned by highly recurring, diversified management and advisory fee revenues, and strong free cash flow. The nature of our solutions and the integral role that our solutions play in our investors investment decisions have translated into high revenue visibility and investor retention. As of December 31, 2022, we had FPAUM of 21.2 billion. 
 
 We are differentiated by the scale, depth, diversity and investment performance of our solutions, which are bolstered by the investment expertise of our investment team, our long-standing access to leading fund managers, our robust and constantly expanding data capabilities and our disciplined investment process. We market our solutions under well-established brands within the specialized markets in which we operate. These include RCP Advisors, Bonaccord Capital, and P10 Advisors, our Private Equity solutions; TrueBridge, our Venture Capital solution; Enhanced, our Impact Investing solution; and Five Points, Hark Capital, and WTI our Private Credit solutions (which Five Points also offers certain private equity solutions). We believe adding new asset class solutions will foster deeper manager relationships, enabling managers and portfolio companies alike to benefit from our offering and expect to expand within other asset classes and geographies through additional acquisitions and future planned organic growth by providing additional specialized investment vehicles within our existing investment asset class solutions. As of the date of this filing, we are pursuing additional acquisitions and are in discussions with certain target companies, however the Company does not currently have any agreements or commitments with respect to any acquisitions. Refer to Our Growth Strategy for additional information. 
 
 Our success and growth have been driven by our long history of strong performance and our position in the private markets ecosystem. We believe our growing scale in the middle and lower-middle market provides us a competitive advantage with investors and fund managers. In addition, our senior investment professionals have developed strong and long-tenured relationships with leading middle and lower middle market private equity and venture capital firms, which we believe provides us with differentiated access to the relationship-driven middle and lower-middle market private equity and venture capital sectors. As we expand our offerings, our investors entrust us with additional capital, which strengthens our relationships with our fund managers, drives additional investment opportunities, sources more data, enables portfolio optimization and enhances returns, and in turn attracts new investors. We believe this powerful feedback process will continue to strengthen our position within the private markets ecosystem. In addition, our multi-asset class solutions are 
 5 

highly synergistic, and coupled with our vast network of general partners and portfolio companies, drive cross-solution sourcing opportunities. 

Our global investor base includes some of the world s largest institutional investors, including pension funds, endowments, foundations, corporate pensions and financial institutions. In addition, we have a strong footprint within some of the most prominent family offices and high net worth individuals. We have a significant presence within the middle and lower middle-market private markets industry in North America, where the majority of our capital is currently being deployed as we leverage our differentiated solutions to serve our global investors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 234 employees, including 107 investment professionals across 11 offices located in 9 states. Over 100 of our employees have an equity interest in P10, collectively owning approximately 63 of the Company on a fully-diluted basis as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We managed 21.2 billion in FPAUM from which we earn management and advisory fees as of December 31, 2022. In addition, our FPAUM has grown at a CAGR of 17 from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2022, determined on a pro 
 6 

forma basis as if the acquisitions of Five Points, TrueBridge, Enhanced, Bonaccord, Hark, and WTI were completed as of January 1, 2018. 
 
 1. Organic FPAUM is calculated on a pro forma basis assuming the acquisitions of WTI, Five Points, TrueBridge, Enhanced, Bonaccord, and Hark were completed as of January 1, 2018. 
 2. Q4 22 organic FPAUM growth is the pro forma FPAUM growth from Q4 21 to Q4 22. Note: PF refers to calculations made on a pro forma basis. A refers to calculations made on an actual basis. 
 
 Our Solutions 
 
 We operate and invest across private markets through a number of specialized investment solutions. We offer the following solutions to our investors: 
 
 Private Equity Solutions PES 
 
 Under PES, we make direct and indirect investments in middle and lower-middle market private equity across North America. PES also makes minority equity investments in a diversified portfolio of mid-sized managers across private equity, private credit, real estate and real assets. The PES investment team, which is comprised of 39 investment professionals with an average of 25+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing investor and fund manager relationships in the middle and lower-middle market which it has cultivated over the past 20 years, including over 1,900+ investors, 260+ fund managers, 490+ private market funds and 2,000+ portfolio companies. We have 48 active investment vehicles. PES occupies a differentiated position within the private markets ecosystem helping our investors access, perform due diligence, analyze and invest in what we believe are attractive middle and lower-middle market private equity opportunities. We are further differentiated by the scale, depth, diversity and accuracy of our constantly expanding proprietary private markets database 
 7 

that contains comprehensive information on more than 5,000 investment firms, 9,000 funds, 38,000 individual transactions, 30,000 private companies and 250,000 financial metrics. As of December 31, 2022, PES managed 10.8 billion of FPAUM. 
 
 Venture Capital Solutions VCS 
 
 Under VCS, we make investments in venture capital funds across North America and specialize in targeting high-performing, access-constrained opportunities. The VCS investment team, which is comprised of 15 investment professionals with an average of 22+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing investor and fund manager relationships in the venture market which it has cultivated over the past 14+ years, including over 1,000+ investors, 65+ fund managers, 74 direct investments, 300+ private market funds and 8,000+ portfolio companies. We have 18 active investment vehicles. Our VCS solution is differentiated by our innovative strategic partnerships and our vantage point within the venture capital and technology ecosystems, maximizing advantages for our investors. In addition, since 2011, we have partnered with Forbes to publish the Midas List, a ranking of the top value-creating venture capitalists. As of December 31, 2022, VCS managed 5.4 billion of FPAUM. 
 
 Impact Investing Solutions IIS 
 
 Under IIS, we make equity, tax equity, and debt investments in impact initiatives across North America. IIS primarily targets investments in renewable energy development and historic building renovation projects, as well as providing capital to small businesses that are women or minority owned or operating in underserved communities. The IIS investment team, which is comprised of 15 investment professionals with an average of 22+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing relationships in the impact market which it has cultivated over the past 20 years, including deploying capital on behalf of over 100 investors. We currently have 32 active investment vehicles. We are differentiated in both the breadth of impact areas served, the type of capital deployed and the duration of our track record. We have collectively deployed over 3.3 billion into 850+ projects and businesses across 39 states since 1999. We have invested 2.6 billion in Impact Assets across our Small Business Lending, Impact Real Estate and Climate Finance Strategies. Investments in solar assets have generated over 1.6 billion KWh of renewable energy over the lifetime of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, IIS managed 1.9 billion of FPAUM. 
 
 Private Credit Solutions PCS 
 Under PCS, we primarily make debt investments across North America, targeting lower middle market companies owned by leading financial sponsors and also offer certain private equity solutions. PCS also provides loans to mid-life, growth equity, venture and other funds backed by the unrealized investments at the fund level and provide financing for companies that would otherwise require equity. The PCS investment team, which is comprised of 38 investment professionals with an average of 24+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing relationships in the private credit market which it has cultivated over the past 22 years, including 300+ investors across 12 active investment vehicles and 1,600+ portfolio companies with over 9.7 billion capital deployed. Our PCS is differentiated by our relationship-driven sourcing approach providing capital solutions for growth-oriented companies. We are further synergistically strengthened by our PES network of fund managers, characterized by more than 520 credit opportunities annually. We currently maintain 50+ active sponsor relationships and have 45+ platform investments. As of December 31, 2022, PCS managed 3.1 billion of FPAUM. 
 Our Vehicles 
 
 We have a flexible business model whereby our investors engage us across multiple specialized private market solutions through different specialized investment vehicles. Our vehicles have traditional, stable fee structures that generate performance fees, which are not accrued to P10 due to our structure. P10 s revenue associated with the funds are from the management fees while employees of P10 receive the performance fees directly from the vehicles. Our average annual fee rates remain stable at approximately 1 . We offer the following vehicles for our investors: 
 
 8 

Primary Investment Funds 
 
 Primary investment funds refer to investment vehicles which target investments in new private markets funds, which in turn invest directly in portfolio companies. P10 s primary investment funds include both commingled investment vehicles with multiple investors, as well as our customized separate accounts, which typically include one investor. P10 s primary investments are made during a fundraising period in the form of capital commitments, which are called upon by the fund manager and utilized to finance its investments in portfolio companies during a predefined investment period. We receive a fee stream that is typically based on our investors committed, locked-in capital. Capital commitments typically average ten to fifteen years, though they may vary by fund and strategy. We offer primary investment funds across our private equity and venture capital solutions. Our primary funds comprise approximately 11.7 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Direct and Co-Investment Funds 
 
 Direct and co-investments involve acquiring an equity interest in or making a loan to an operating company, project, property or asset, typically by co-investing alongside an investment by a fund manager or by investing directly in the underlying asset. P10 s direct and co-investment funds include both commingled investment vehicles with multiple investors as well as our customized separate accounts, which typically include one investor. Capital committed to direct investments and co-investments is typically invested immediately, thereby advancing the timing of expected returns on investment. We typically receive fees from investors based upon committed capital, with some funds receiving fees based on invested capital; capital commitments which typically average ten to fifteen years, though they may vary by fund. We offer direct and co-investment funds across our private equity, venture capital, impact investing and private credit solutions. Our direct investing platform comprises approximately 8.0 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Secondaries 
 
 Secondaries refer to investments in existing private markets funds through the acquisition of an existing interest by one investor from another in a negotiated transaction. In so doing, the buyer agrees to take on future funding obligations in exchange for future returns and distributions. Because secondary investments are generally made when a primary investment fund is three to seven years into its investment period and has deployed a significant portion of its capital into portfolio companies, these investments are viewed as more mature. We typically receive fees from investors on committed capital for a decade, the typical life of the fund. We currently offer secondaries funds across our private equity solutions. Our secondary funds comprise approximately 1.5 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our Investors 
 
 9 

We believe our comprehensive value proposition across our private market solutions, vehicles offering, data analytics, portfolio monitoring and reporting has enabled us to build strong relationships with our existing investors and to attract new high-quality investors. We leverage our differentiated approach to serve a broad set of investors across multiple geographies. As of December 31, 2022, we have a global investor base of over 3,100 investors, across 50 states, 59 countries and 6 continents incl uding some of the world s largest pension funds, endowments, foundations, corporate pensions and financial institutions. In addition, we have a strong footprint within some of the most prominent family offices and high net worth individuals. 
 
 The following chart illustrates the diversification of our investor base as of December 31, 2022: 

Our Distribution and Marketing 
 
 We continuously seek to strengthen and expand our relationships with our current and prospective investors. We have a dedicated team of business development and investor relations professionals who maintain an active and transparent dialogue with an expansive list of existing and prospective investors and while we have a significant presence in North America, we have cultivated relationships with a number of international investors 
 
 Our business development and investor relations professionals frequent dialogue with existing and prospective investors, enable us to monitor investor preferences and tailor future product offerings to meet investor demand. Prospective investors that wish to learn more about us often visit our offices to conduct in-depth due diligence of our firm. Our business development and investor relations professionals lead this process, coordinate meetings, and continue to be the prospective investor s principal point of contact throughout their decision-making process. Our business development and investor relations professionals are also responsible for being the principal points of contact for our existing investors, and for our customized separate accounts, we work with each investor to design and implement a specific strategic plan in accordance with the investment guidelines agreed to by us and the investor. 

10 

Our Investment Performance 
 
 We believe our investment performance acts as a key retention mechanism for our existing investors and a primary attribute for prospective investors. We attribute our strong investment performance to several factors, including: our broad private market relationships and access, our diligent and responsible investment process, our tenured investing experience and our premier data capabilities. In concert, these factors enable us to purse attractive, risk-adjusted investment opportunities to meet our investors investment objectives. 
 
 The following table displays our Fund size as of December 31, 2022 and investment performance, which is presented from the inception date of each fund through September 30, 2022: 

11 

For the purposes of the tables above: 
 
 Fund Size refers to the total amount of capital committed by investors and, when applicable, the U.S. Small Business Administration to each fund disclosed; 

Called Capital refers to the amount of capital provided from investors, expressed as a percent of the total fund size; 

Net IRR refers to Internal rate of return net of fees, carried interest and expenses charged by both the underlying fund managers and each of our solutions; and 

Net ROIC refers to return on invested capital net of fees and expenses charged by both the underlying fund managers and each of our solutions. 

When considering the data presented above, you should note that the historical results of our investments are not indicative of the future results you should expect from such investments, from any future funds we may raise or from your investment in our Class A common stock, in part because: 
 market conditions and investment opportunities during previous periods may have been significantly more favorable for generating positive performance than those we may experience in the future; 

the performance of our funds is generally calculated on the basis of net asset value of the funds investments, including unrealized gains, which may never be realized; 

our historical returns derive largely from the performance of our earlier funds, whereas future fund returns will depend increasingly on the performance of our newer funds or funds not yet formed; 

our newly established funds typically generate lower investment returns during the period that they initially deploy their capital; 

changes in the global tax and regulatory environment may affect both the investment preferences of our investors and the financing strategies employed by businesses in which particular funds invest, which may reduce the overall capital available for investment and the availability of suitable investments, thereby reducing our investment returns in the future; 

in recent years, there has been increased competition for investment opportunities resulting from the increased amount of capital invested in private markets alternatives and high liquidity in debt markets, which may cause an increase in cost and reduction in the availability of suitable investments, thereby reducing our investment returns in the future; 

the performance of particular funds also will be affected by risks of the industries and businesses in which they invest. 

Net IRR reflects limited partner returns after allocation of management fees, general fund expenses, investment expenses, income earned on cash and cash equivalents, any carried interest to the general partner, and any other fees and expenses. Not all limited partners pay the same management fee or carried interest. Furthermore, limited partners IRRs may vary based on the dates of their admittance to the fund. There can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations used to calculate the IRRs contained herein and additional fund expenses and investment related expenses to be incurred during the remainder of the fund s term remain unknown and, therefore, are not factored into the calculations. Any anticipated carried interest reduces the net returns of unrealized investments. Calculations used herein which incorporate estimations of the net unrealized value of remaining investments represent valuation estimates made by the companies using the most recent valuation data provided by the general partners of the underlying funds. Such estimates are subject to numerous variables which change over time and therefore amounts actually realized in the future will vary (in some cases materially) from the estimated net unrealized values used in connection with calculations referenced herein. 
 
 Our History 
 
 P10 s mission is to be the premier private markets solutions provider focused on the middle and lower middle market. We provide global institutional investors differentiated access to a broad set of solutions and specialized investment vehicles across attractive asset classes and geographies generating competitive risk-adjusted returns. As of December 31, 2022, we 
 12 

have 21.2 billion in fee paying assets under management. We offer a comprehensive set of investment strategies to clients, including both commingled funds and customized separate accounts within our primary investment funds, secondary, direct investment, co-investment vehicles, and advisory solutions. Since October 2017, we have been focused on building best-in-class solutions aimed at growing our fee paying assets under management. Prior to October 2017, the Company took strategic actions designed to lay the foundation for what is now known as P10. 
 
 The Company's history began with founding P10 Holdings as a Texas corporation in 1992 and reincorporating in Delaware in 2000. On November 19, 2016, P10 Holdings completed the sale of substantially all of its assets and liabilities and operations and became a non-operating company focused on monetizing our retained intellectual property and acquiring profitable businesses and our business primarily consisted of cash, certain retained intellectual property assets and our net operating losses and other tax benefits. In March 2017, P10 Holdings filed for re-organization under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, using a prepackaged plan of reorganization. In connection with the filing, P10 Holdings entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement with 210/P10 Investment LLC, as well as a Restructuring Support Agreement with the 2016 purchaser of our assets. P10 Holdings emerged from bankruptcy on May 3, 2017. A key feature of the Restructuring Support agreement included 210/P10 Investment LLC providing capital and management for the company post-bankruptcy. 
 
 Our entry into the alternative asset management industry originated with the acquisitions of RCP Advisors (RCP 2 and RCP 3). RCP Advisors was founded in 2001 and is a leading sponsor of private equity, funds-of-funds, secondary funds and co-investment funds. On October 5, 2017, we closed on the acquisition of RCP 2 and entered into a purchase agreement to acquire RCP 3 on January 2018. On January 3, 2018, we closed on the acquisition of RCP 3. RCP 2 and RCP 3 are registered investment advisors with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 On April 1, 2020, we completed the acquisition of Five Points Capital, Inc., a leading lower middle market alternative investment manager focused on providing equity and debt capital to private, growth-oriented companies and limited partner capital to other private equity funds. Five Points is focused exclusively in the U.S. lower middle market. Five Points is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 On October 2, 2020, we completed the acquisition of TrueBridge, an investment firm focused on investing in venture capital through fund-of-funds, co-investments, and separate accounts. TrueBridge is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 On December 14, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of 100 of the equity interest in ECG, and a non-controlling interest in Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC ECP , and collectively with ECG, Enhanced ). Enhanced undertakes and manages equity and debt investments in impact initiatives across North America, targeting underserved areas and other socially responsible end markets including renewable energy, historic building renovations, and affordable housing. ECP is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 On September 30, 2021, we completed the acquisitions of Hark Capital and Bonaccord Capital Partners. Hark provides loans to mid-life private equity, growth equity, venture and other funds. These loans are backed by the unrealized investments at the fund level and provide financing for companies that would otherwise require equity. Bonaccord acquires minority equity investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative markets asset managers with a focus on mid-sized managers across private equity, private credit and real assets. 
 
 During 2021, the Company began exploring the benefits of going public on a listed exchange and raising additional capital through an equity issuance. On October, 18, 2021, the Company announced an Initial Public Offering IPO and corporate reorganization that would make P10 Holdings a wholly-owned subsidiary of P10, Inc. The IPO priced on October 20, 2021, and P10 s Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE on October 21, 2021 under the ticker PX . Investors purchased 23,000,000 Class A shares in conjunction with the IPO and the Company gained a top-tier set of institutional investors. The IPO process is described in more detail below. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company formed P10 Advisors, a fully consolidated subsidiary, to manage investment opportunities that are sourced across the P10 platform but do not fit within an existing investment mandate. 
 
 13 

On October 13, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of WTI. WTI provides senior secured financing to early-stage and emerging stage life sciences and technology companies. WTI is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Simultaneously with the acquisition of WTI, the Company completed a restructuring of P10 Intermediate and subsidiaries to LLC entities that are considered disregarded entities for federal income tax purposes. This allowed the WTI sellers to obtain a partnership interest in P10 Intermediate and all of its subsidiaries. As a result of the acquisition, the WTI sellers obtained 3,916,666 membership units of P10 Intermediate, which can be exchanged into 3,916,666 shares of P10 class A common stock, following applicable restrictive periods. 
 
 The results of WTI s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements effective October 13, 2022. The Company reports noncontrolling interest related to the partnership interests which are owned by the WTI sellers. This is recorded as noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Noncontrolling interest is allocated a share of income or loss in the respective consolidated subsidiaries in proportion to their relative ownership interest. Additionally, the Company makes periodic distributions to the WTI sellers for tax related and other agreed upon expenses as disclosed in the purchase agreement. 
 
 As we reflect on 2022, we are exceptionally proud of our accomplishments. We believe we have assembled a premier group of solutions that offer superior risk adjusted returns to global clients. We benefit from strong operating leverage driven by the quality and stability of our revenue base, the strong alignment we have with our respective investment teams, and the leveragability of our platform and back-office operations across our multiple solutions, which together allow us to generate strong contribution margins and free cash flow. 
 
 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 We completed an offering in connection with our IPO and concurrent listing on the New York Stock Exchange. On October 21, 2021, we issued 11,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock to the purchasers in the offering and selling stockholders sold 8,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to our issuance of Class A common stock, we received net proceeds of approximately 129.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions but before expenses based on the initial public offering price of 12.00 per share. On November 19, 2021, we announced that the underwriters of the public offering fully exercised their option to acquire an additional 3,000,000 shares of Class A common stock at the public offering price of 12 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. These shares were sold by certain stockholders of P10 and P10 did not receive any proceeds from the sale. 
 
 Simultaneously with the acquisition of WTI, the Company completed a restructuring of P10 Intermediate and subsidiaries to LLC entities that are considered disregarded entities for federal income tax purposes. This allowed the sellers to obtain a partnership interest in P10 Intermediate and all of its subsidiaries. As a result of the acquisition, the WTI sellers obtained 3,916,666 membership units of P10 Intermediate, which can be exchanged into 3,916,666 shares of P10 class A common stock, following applicable restrictive periods. 
 
 The diagram below illustrates our structure and does not include all unconsolidated entities in which we hold non-controlling equity method investments. 
 14 

Our Class B Common Stock 
 
 We have 73,008,374 outstanding shares of Class B common stock held of record by 2,930 stockholders as of December 31, 2022. Each share of our Class B common stock entitles its holder to ten votes per share until a Sunset Sunset becomes effective. A Sunset is triggered by any of the earlier of the following (a) the Sunset Holders cease to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of 10 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (determined assuming all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock have been converted into Class A Common Stock) (b) the Sunset Holders collectively cease to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least 25 of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (c) upon the tenth anniversary of the effective date of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. After a Sunset becomes effective, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon any transfer except to certain permitted holders. See Voting Rights of Class A and Class B Common Stock. 
 
 Because a Sunset may not take place for some time, it is expected that the Class B common stock will continue to entitle its holders to ten votes per share, and the Class B Holders will continue to exercise voting control over the Company, for the near future. The Class B Holders have approximately 95 of the combined voting power of our common stock. 
 
 Upon any transfer, Class B common stock converts automatically on a one-for-one basis to shares of Class A common stock, except in the case of transfers to certain permitted transferees. In addition, holders of Class B common stock may elect to convert shares of Class B common stock on a one-for-one basis into Class A common stock at any time. 
 
 15 

Our current stockholders believe that the contributions of the current ownership group and management team have been critical in P10 s growth to date. We have a history of employee equity participation and believe that this practice has been instrumental in attracting and retaining a highly experienced team and will continue to be an important factor in maximizing long-term stockholder value. We believe that ensuring that our key decision-makers will continue to guide the direction of P10 results in a high degree of alignment with our stockholders, and that issuing to our continuing voting members the Class B common stock with ten votes per share will help maintain this continuity. 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 The Class A common stock have one vote per share and share ratably with our Class B common stock in all distributions. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement and Registration Rights 
 
 P10, Inc. entered into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement with certain investors, including employees, pursuant to which the investors were granted piggyback and demand registration rights prior to the IPO. 
 
 NYSE Controlled Company Agreement 
 
 P10, Inc. entered into a controlled company agreement (the Controlled Company Agreement on October 20, 2021, with principals of 210 Capital, L.L.C.( 210 Capital and certain of their affiliates (the 210 Group ), RCP Advisors and certain of their affiliates (the RCP Group and TrueBridge and certain of their affiliates (the TrueBridge Group ), granting each party certain board designation rights. So long as the 210 Group continues to collectively hold a combined voting power of (A) at least 10 of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the closing date of the IPO (the Closing Date ), P10, Inc. shall include in its slate of nominees two (2) directors designated by the 210 Group and (B) less than 10 but at least 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the Closing Date, one (1) director designated by the 210 Group. So long as the RCP Group and any of their permitted transferees who hold shares of common stock as of the applicable time continue to collectively hold a combined voting power of at least 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the IPO, P10, Inc. shall include in its slate of nominees one (1) director designated by the RCP Stockholders. So long as TrueBridge and any of its permitted transferees who hold shares of common stock as of the applicable time continue to collectively hold a combined voting power of at least 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the IPO, P10, Inc. shall include in its slate of nominees one (1) director designated by the TrueBridge Group. 
 
 The 210 Group, the RCP Group and TrueBridge Group have the right to designate two, one and one directors, respectively. In addition, the parties to our Controlled Company Agreement will agree to elect three directors who are not affiliated with any party to our Controlled Company Agreement and who satisfy the independence requirements applicable to audit committee members established pursuant to Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. These board designation rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. 
 
 The Controlled Company Agreement provides that, without the prior written consent of P10, Inc., the 210 Group, the RCP Group and the TrueBridge Group will not, and will not publicly disclose an intention to, during the period commencing on the date of the Controlled Company Agreement and ending three years after the date thereof (the Restricted Period ), (a) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock beneficially owned (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) by the 210 Group, RCP Group or the TrueBridge Group or any other Equity Securities (as defined therein) or (b) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Equity Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of common stock or any such other securities, in cash or otherwise. One-third of the original holdings of Equity Securities of each of the 210 Group, RCP Group and TrueBridge Group will be released from the Lock-Up Restrictions, on the first, second and third anniversary of the consummation of the public offering (the Lock-Up Restrictions Release ). 
 
 Company Lock-Up Agreements 
 16 

Certain stockholders, including Messrs. Alpert, Webb and Souder, are subject to Lock-Up Restrictions pursuant to a separate agreement with us (the Company Lock-Up Agreement ), which Lock-Up Restrictions shall be released in accordance with the Lock-Up Restrictions Release. Collectively, approximately 39.8 of our common stock outstanding are subject to such Lock-Up Restrictions pursuant to the Controlled Company Agreement and the Company Lock-Up Agreements. 
 
 Voting Rights of Class A and Class B Common Stock 
 
 Except as provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or by applicable law, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Each share of our Class A common stock will entitle its holder to one vote per share. Each share of our Class B common stock will entitle its holder to ten votes until a Sunset becomes effective. After a Sunset becomes effective, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon any transfer except to certain permitted holders. 
 
 A Sunset is triggered by the earlier of the following: (a) the Sunset Holders cease to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of 10 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (determined assuming all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock have been converted into Class A Common Stock); (b) the Sunset Holders collectively cease to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least 25 of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (c) upon the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 Our Class B common stockholders collectively hold approximately 95 of the combined voting power of our common stock. 
 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 
 We operate in the large and growing private markets industry, which we believe represents one of the most attractive segments within the broader asset management landscape. Specifically, we operate in the Private Equity, Venture Capital, Impact Investing and Private Credit markets, which we believe represent particularly attractive asset classes and puts us at the center of several favorable trends, including the following: 
 
 Accelerating Demand for Private Markets Solutions 
 
 We believe the composition of public markets is fundamentally shifting and will drive investment growth in private markets as fewer companies elect to become public corporations or return to being privately held. According to the 2021 Annual US PE Breakdown PitchBook Report, private equity capital raised has increased 376 from 63.3 billion to 301.3 billion from 2011 to 2021. The report states that elevated multiples in public markets mean many models are predicting significantly lower returns from public equities going forward, further reinforcing LPs shift to alternatives. 
 
 Furthermore, investors continue to increase their exposure to passive strategies in search of lower fee alternatives as relative returns in active public market strategies have compressed. We believe the continued move away from active public market strategies into passive strategies will support growth in private market solutions as investors seek higher risk-adjusted returns. 
 Attractive Historical Private Markets Growth 
 
 The private markets have exhibited robust growth. Since 2010, assets under management have grown by 3.1 times from 2.4 trillion in 2010 to 9.8 trillion in 2022, according to the 2022 McKinsey Report. While private markets saw record levels of fund-raising in 2021 and private markets in 2022 experienced a predictable pullback in their pace of growth, private markets have remained resilient, with about 3 trillion of dry powder available for deployment, a stable pool of locked-in capital, and an active market for secondaries, according to the 2022 McKinsey Report. From 2010 to 2020, the deal value in the lower middle markets has grown by 2.5 times, investments in venture capital have grown by 4.9 times and assets under 
 17 

management of PRI Signatories in impact growth has grown by 4.9 times, according to the 2021 PitchBook Middle Market Report, the 2021 PwC Report, and the Bain Company Reports, respectively. In addition, capital targeted in private credit has grown by 2.5 times from January 2016 to July 2021, according to the 2021 Preqin Report. This private credit growth maintained into 2022, with 172 billion raised in the first three quarters of 2022 which is 80 of last year s record amount, according to the 2022 Preqin report. According to the 2021 PitchBook Private Fund Strategy Report, fundraising has continued to remain strong with nearly a trillion dollars of total capital raised in 2020. According to the 2020 McKinsey Report, global private markets are expected to continue their strong growth trajectory. According to a recent Preqin Ltd. forecast, global private markets assets under management are expected to grow at an approximate 10 CAGR through 2027. This growth is underpinned by investors search for yield in a lower-for-longer rate environment, in which investors increasingly view allocations to private markets as essential for obtaining diversified exposure to global growth. 

Favorable Middle / Lower Middle Market Dynamics 
 
 As more companies choose to remain private, we believe smaller companies will continue to dominate market supply, with significantly less capital in pursuit. According to S P Global Market Intelligence Report for 2022; S P Capital IQ Estimates and PitchBook Data Inc., only 124 billion of capital is available to U.S. Private Equity Funds between 250 million and 1 billion, versus the 589 billion available to Private Equity funds over 1 billion. In contrast, there are only approximately 11,000 companies with revenues greater than 250 million, versus the more than 151,000 companies with revenues between 10 million and 250 million. We believe this favorable middle and lower-middle market dynamic implies a larger pool of opportunities at compelling purchase price valuations with significant return potential. P10 has robust and proprietary data collected over a twenty-year history that is difficult to replicate that allows investment teams to efficiently scope and dimension out middle and lower middle market private equity fund managers. 

Increasing Private Markets Investor Allocations 
 
 18 

We believe that alongside growth in the private markets in which we invest, long-term investor allocations are expected to significantly grow over the next several years, which will serve as a tailwind in growing our business. In a survey conducted by Preqin Ltd., 96 and 90 of long-term investors indicated that they were planning to maintain or increase their allocation to Private Equity and Private Credit, respectively. Additionally, according to the Global Impact Investing Network s 2020 report 2020 Annual Impact Investor Survey , 64 of polled investors noted that they were expecting to increase their allocations to impact investing by more than 5 . Moreover, according to the Global Impact Investing Network 2022 report, the size of the impact investing market currently stands at 1.164 trillion in AUM a significant psychological milestone for an industry still maturing and growing in sophistication. In combination with the broader growth in private markets we believe the increase in long-term investor allocations towards private market asset classes will further drive demand of private market solutions across the investor universe. 
 Democratization of Private Markets 
 
 According to a 2020 PwC Report, the growing wealth of high-net-worth and mass affluent individuals, and the shift in retirement savings from defined benefit to defined contribution plans, have propelled significant growth in the asset management industry over the last decade. At the same time, both high-net-worth and mass affluent investors continue to remain significantly under-allocated to the private markets in comparison with institutional investors. 
 
 As defined contribution plans in the United States continue to grow and become increasingly familiar with private markets, we believe defined contribution plans will be a significant driver of growth in private markets in the future. In addition, on June 3, 2020, the United States Department of Labor issued an information letter confirming that investments in private equity vehicles may be appropriate for 401(k) and other defined contribution plans as a component of the investment alternatives made available under these plans. These plans hold trillions of dollars of assets, and the guidance in the letter may help significantly expand the market for private equity investments over time. 
 
 Importance of Asset Class Access 
 
 The purview of private markets has meaningfully broadened over the last decade. As investors increase their allocations to private markets, we believe the demand for asset class diversification will rise. Furthermore, as part of this evolution we believe investors will seek out private market solutions providers with scale and an ability to deliver multiple asset classes and vehicle solutions to streamline relationships and pursue cost efficiency. 
 
 Proliferation of Private Market Choices 
 
 According to research and data from the SEC and Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), from 2013 to 2021, the number of managers across private markets has increased dramatically. From 2013 to 2021, the number of Private Equity firms, Venture Capital firms, Impact Investing firms and Private Credit firms have more than doubled. We believe that the growing number of private markets focused fund managers increases the operational burden on investors and will lead to a greater reliance on highly trusted advisers to help investors navigate the complexity associated with multi-asset class manager selection. 
 
 Rise of ESG and Impact Investing in Private Markets 
 
 According to the PRI Annual Report, the total assets under management of PRI signatories, the cohort of asset managers that have committed to upholding ESG principles, a barometer for the ESG industry, has increased roughly five-fold since 2010, from 21 trillion to 121.3 trillion by March 31, 2022. According to the 2020 McKinsey Report, an ESG approach to private markets has been one of the most talked about developments of the past several years. According to the 2020 McKinsey Report, as public awareness of and activism relating to ESG driven investing have increased, many prominent investors in Private Equity have followed suit, often requiring general partners to pass an ESG screen as part of their diligence processes demanding transparency into ESG policies, procedures and performance of portfolio assets. These trends have all held true as the McKinsey Report for the 2022 Annual Review of Private Market reemphasizes these movements. In response and in conjunction with regulatory influence, we believe the adoption of ESG and the growth of impact investing will continue to proliferate in private markets. 
 
 Investor Demand for Data, Analytics and Technology 
 19 

We believe many investors do not have an adequate technology and data infrastructure to respond to increasingly complex demands for private market investments. As a result, we believe investors will seek to partner with firms that not only have a proven track record, but also offer tech-enabled non-investment functions, including GP-level reports, enhanced portfolio monitoring, customized performance benchmarking and associated compliance, administrative and tax capabilities. According to the 2022 Global Private Equity Survey by Ernst Young, 26 of the private equity fund managers surveyed reported middle- and back-office process enhancement as one of their top three priorities to support growth in assets and to meet the needs of new investors. In the same report, 43 of investors surveyed believe investments in digital infrastructure would be beneficial or required to support investors needs. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Specialized Multi-Asset Class Solutions and Comprehensive Vehicle Offering 
 
 We believe our specialized multi-asset class solutions offering, distinct market access and wide-ranging relationships continue to be key competitive differentiators for our investors. Our solutions across private equity, venture capital, impact investing and private credit, coupled with our vehicle offerings across primaries, secondaries, direct and co-investments, we believe, provide our investors with a comprehensive framework to successfully navigate and gain exposure to private markets. Our value proposition and solutions offering continue to position us well to compete and win new investor relationships and mandates. 
 
 Distinct Middle and Lower-Middle Market Expertise 
 
 We believe the private markets exhibit compelling investment opportunities with significant return potential. Our investment expertise in private markets, coupled with our scale, distinctly positions our business within the private markets ecosystem. Our investment talent across our different private market solutions is led by senior investment professionals with sustained track records of successful private markets investing. Our investment team consists of 107 investment professionals with deep industry expertise across middle and lower middle market private equity, venture capital, impact investing and private credit. Our leadership team has an average of over 22 years of experience and our investment professionals across the different solutions have a long track record of working together. 
 
 Differentiated Access to Middle and Lower Middle Market Private Equity and Venture Capital Firms 
 
 We believe our investors increasingly seek exposure to the middle and lower-middle markets private equity and venture capital firms but may not have the necessary tools to analyze, diligence and gain access to opportunities offered. Due to our scale and tenure within middle and lower-middle market private equity and venture capital, we have cultivated long-standing relationships with leading middle and lower-middle market private equity and venture capital general partners. We have established relationships with over 265 general partners, which provides us with differentiated access to investment opportunities within private markets, benefiting our investors. 
 
 Highly Diversified Investor Base with High Quality Institutions and Deep High-Net-Worth Channel 
 
 We believe we are a leading provider of private market solutions for a highly diverse global investor base. Our investors include some of the world s largest and most prominent public pension funds, family offices, wealth managers, endowments, foundations, corporate pensions and financial institutions. We believe our multi-asset class solutions have allowed our investors to increase and expand allocations across our various solutions and vehicles, thereby deepening existing and new investor relationships. Our business is well-positioned to continue to service and grow our investor base with a team of professionals dedicated to investor relations and business development. 
 
 Premier Data Analytics with Proprietary Database 
 
 Our premier data and analytic capabilities, driven by our proprietary database, supports our robust and disciplined sourcing criteria, which fuels our highly selective investment process. Our database stores and organizes a universe of managers and opportunities with powerful tracking metrics that we believe drive optimal portfolio management and monitoring and enable a portfolio grading system as well as repository of investment evaluation scorecards. In particular, our 
 20 

proprietary database offers our investors a highly transparent, versatile and informative platform through which they can track, monitor and diligence portfolios, and we believe the expansive data set within our proprietary database, harvested from our robust network of general partners, enables us to make more informed investment decisions and, in turn, drive strong investment performance. As of December 31, 2022, our database contains comprehensive information on more than 4,900 investment firms, 9,800 funds, 44,000 individual transactions, 29,000 private companies and 276,000 financial metrics. 
 
 Strong Investment Performance Track Record 
 
 We believe our investment performance track record is a key differentiator for our business relative to our competitors and acts as a key retention mechanism for our investors and selling tool for prospective investors. We attribute our strong investment performance track record to several factors, including: our broad private market relationships and access, our diligent and responsible investment process, our tenured investing experience and our premier data capabilities. In concert, these factors enable us to pursue attractive, risk-adjusted investment opportunities to meet our investors investment objectives. 
 
 Attractive, Recurring Fee-based Financial Profile 
 
 We believe our financial profile and revenue model have the following important attributes: 
 
 Highly Predictable Fee-based Revenue Model 
 
 Virtually all of our revenue is derived from management and advisory fees based on committed capital typically subject to multi-year commitment periods, usually between ten and fifteen years. As a result, we believe our revenue stream is contractual and highly predictable. The weighted average duration of remaining capital under management is 6.1 years as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Well Diversified Revenue and Investor Base 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 118 revenue generating vehicles across our solutions with over 3,100 investors across public pensions, family offices, wealth managers, endowments, foundations, corporate pension and financial institutions, across 50 states, 59 countries and 6 continents. We therefore believe our busin ess model is highly diversified across both revenue and investor bases. 
 
 Attractive Profitability Profile and Operating Margin 
 
 We believe our scaled business model, differentiated solutions across middle and lower-middle markets as well as an efficient back-office model has allowed us to achieve a highly competitive profitability profile and operating margin. 
 
 Exceptional Management and Investing Teams with Proven M A Track Records 
 
 Our biggest asset is our people and we therefore focus on recruiting, nurturing and retaining top talent, all of whom are proven leaders in their respective field. Our management team has a successful track record of sourcing and executing mergers and acquisitions and is supported by a deep bench of talent consisting of 107 investment professionals. 
 Ownership Structure Aligned with Investors 
 
 The alignment between our stockholders, investors and investment professionals is one of our core tenets and is, we believe, imperative for value creation. Our revenue is comprised almost entirely of recurring management and advisory fees is earned largely on committed capital, which is typically subject to ten to fifteen year lock up agreements. We believe this offers our investors an attractive, highly predictable revenue stream. Furthermore, we have structured carried interest to stay with investment professionals to maximize economic incentive for investment professionals to outperform on behalf of investors. Ultimately, we believe FPAUM follows investment performance and the more aligned our investment professionals are to the performance of investor capital, the better our company performance will be. Over 100 of our 
 21 

employees have an equity interest in us, collectively owning approximately 63 of the Company on a fully diluted basis as of December 31, 2022. In addition, our employees have committed separately to our investment vehicles as of December 31, 2022, as part of our General Partner commitment, which is typically 1 of total commitments of each fund. 
 
 22 

Our Growth Strategy 
 
 We aim to utilize our differentiated positioning and our core principles and values to continue to grow and expand our business. Our growth strategy includes the following key elements: 

Maximize Investor Relationships 
 
 Enhance Existing Investor Mandates 
 
 We believe our current investor base presents a large opportunity for growth as we continue to expand our broad set of solutions and vehicles. As existing and prospective investors reduce the number of managers with whom they work across asset classes, we believe there are significant opportunities to have investors invest with a consistent, single-source multi-asset class private market solutions provider, positioning us to be a platform of choice. As such, our comprehensive solutions, we believe, will lend itself well to compelling cross-selling opportunities with existing investors. Furthermore, as our investors continue to grow their asset bases and expand utilization of our solutions and vehicles, the number of touchpoints with our investors will broaden, deepening our investor relationships even further. 
 
 Capture New Investors and Allocations to Private Markets 
 
 We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the growth in private markets and capture additional investors and market share through our differentiated middle and lower-middle market sourcing capabilities, our attractive multi-asset class solutions and vehicles, and our strong investment performance track record. Our long-standing, established relationships across our broad set of solutions provide us extensive access to fund managers and investment opportunities across these asset classes and we remain highly committed to leveraging our best practices from serving our existing investors to similarly situated prospective investors that may benefit from our experience and broad set of private market solutions. 
 
 Expand Distribution Channels 
 
 We believe we are well positioned in some of the most sought-after segments of the private markets and we believe our differentiated private market solutions will continue to attract both new institutional and private wealth investors. In particular, investible assets of high-net-worth individuals are expected to increase significantly and compared to institutional investors, high-net-worth individuals tend to have lower private market allocations. Our investment platform is designed to 
 23 

provide high-net-worth investors access to private markets and we currently serve over 1,820 high-net-worth investors, which we believe positions us well to continue to capture increasing demand from private wealth investors. 
 
 Expand Asset Class Solutions, Broaden Geographic Reach and Grow Private Markets Network Effect 
 
 Expand Asset Class Solutions 
 
 Our scalable business model is well positioned to expand our multi-asset class offering and we have the capacity and desire to explore adjacent asset classes, broaden our private market solutions capabilities and diversify our business mix. For example, our business development team actively explores the launch of new specialized investment vehicles across both our Venture Capital and Impact Investing solutions to meet increasing investor demand to access middle and lower-middle market venture capital as well as to gain exposure to impact investing trends in private markets. By doing so, we believe we will be able to grow our footprint, continue to develop our position within the private markets ecosystem and further leverage our synergistic solutions offering with additional manager relationships and sourcing opportunities. 
 
 Broaden Geographic Reach 
 
 We have a significant presence in North America where a majority of our capital is currently being deployed. We believe expanding our presence in Europe and Asia can be a significant growth driver for our business as investors continue to seek a geographically diverse private market exposure. We believe our global investor base will facilitate such potential market penetration and our robust investment process, existing relationships and proven investment capabilities will continue to be core tenets of an international growth strategy. 
 
 Grow Private Markets Network Effect 
 
 Expanding into additional asset class solutions will enable us to further enhance our integrated network effect across private markets. We believe adding new asset class solutions will foster deeper manager relationships, enabling managers and portfolio companies alike to benefit from our offerings. As an example, our PCS solution is able to capitalize on the sourcing advantages presented by PES s expansive network of GPs and portfolio companies. Similarly, a portfolio company held by a manager in our PES solution may benefit directly from our IIS solution. 
 
 Leverage Data Capabilities 
 
 Our proprietary database provides access to valuable data and analytical tools that are the foundation of our investing process. We believe our experience and insights will be increasingly impactful to the decision making processes of our investment team and our investors. Moreover, we believe our differentiated data capabilities allow us to further support the private markets activities of our investors, enhance our investors experience and drive new innovative solutions. 
 
 Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and Relationships 
 
 We focus on growing organically but may complement our growth with selective strategic acquisition opportunities that expand our footprint, broaden our investor base, and further strengthen our solutions offering. Specifically, we target opportunities with a market leading differentiated platform, an established and committed investor base, strong margins with operating leverage, management and advisory fee-based revenue, strong investment performance and a proven management team. Our leadership team has a proven track record of identifying, acquiring and integrating companies to drive long-term value creation, and we will continue to maintain a highly disciplined approach to pursuing accretive acquisitions. In September 2021, Enhanced entered into a strategic relationship with Crossroads, parent company of CPF, to promote impact credit. See Related Party Transactions Strategic Relationship with Crossroads Systems, Inc. On September 30, 2021, P10 Holdings closed on the purchases of Hark and Bonaccord from the global investment company and asset manager Aberdeen Capital Management LLC and certain related parties. The Bonaccord APA provided for the acquisition of certain assets related to the business of acquiring minority equity interests in alternative asset management companies focused on private market strategies which may include private equity, private credit, real estate and real assets strategies, for total consideration of approximately 56 million. In addition, the Bonaccord APA provides for potential earn-out payments of up to 20 million, during the 72-month period beginning on October 1, 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions. The 
 24 

Hark APA provided for the acquisition of certain assets related to the business of making loans to portfolio companies that are owned or controlled by financial sponsors, such as private equity funds or venture capital funds, and which do not meet traditional direct lending underwriting criteria, but where the repayment of the loan by the portfolio company is guaranteed by its financial sponsor, for a purchase price of approximately 5 million. In addition, the Hark APA provides for potential earn-out payments of up to 5.4 million, during the 60-month period beginning on October 1, 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions. We believe these acquisitions further strengthened our position as a premier private markets solutions provider and added approximately 900 million in FPAUM. The aggregate purchase price was paid using existing cash on balance sheet plus an additional draw on our credit facility of 35 million, plus potential future cash earn-outs based upon operating performance. Consistent with this strategy, we continue to evaluate ongoing opportunities, some of which may be significant. In October 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of WTI through its subsidiary for total consideration of 105.2 million and an aggregate of 3,916,666 membership units of P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC, which can be exchanged into 3,916,666 shares of P10 class A common stock, following applicable restrictive periods. Further, the purchase agreement includes additional earnout milestones as EBITDA grows, with a total of 70 million available in earnout payments, in the form of cash or shares of P10 common stock, if EBITDA builds to 25 million and if the eligible employees are still employed by the Company. 
 
 As a pioneer in venture debt, WTI has deployed 7.8 billion in loan commitments across more than 1,400 venture-backed companies since its founding in 1980. Many leading publicly traded technology companies, representing over 1 trillion in aggregate market capitalization, count WTI as an early lender and partner. Adding WTI to our solutions portfolio strengthens our market position by adding a strategy capable of delivering growth, and good fund performance, in various market cycles. Consistent with this strategy, we continue to evaluate ongoing opportunities, some of which may be significant. 
 
 Our Investment Process 
 
 We maintain rigorous investment, monitoring and risk management processes across each of our specialized private market solutions, all unified by a common philosophy and a focus on comprehensive analysis of fund managers and/or portfolio companies. 
 
 We believe our investment performance is attributable to a number of factors, including most notably our seasoned, dedicated investment teams and our methodical approach to investing that help us consistently source and analyze opportunities effectively. Our investment professionals are responsible for sourcing, selecting, evaluating, underwriting, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting our investments. In addition, our investment professionals regularly develop new investor relationships and networks of industry insiders to proactively source new investments. Our ability to access top-tier, capacity constrained fund managers through a proactive and systematic sourcing process we believe is a significant differentiating factor for our investors. 
 
 Our investment committee members across our solutions have significant private markets experience and fully participate in the diligence process, which ensures consistent application of investment strategy, process, diversification and portfolio construction. In addition, the investment committees of our respective solutions review and evaluate investment opportunities through a comprehensive framework that includes both a qualitative and a quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. 
 
 The details of our investment process are outlined below: 
 
 25 

Opportunities Tracked 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we track thousands of potential investment opportunities across private markets, spanning primary investment funds, secondaries and direct and co-investments. Our attractive positioning within the private markets ecosystem, coupled with our synergistic network of general partners and extensive database has enabled us to cultivate a comprehensive funnel of what we believe are premier investment opportunities. 
 
 Initial Screen 
 
 Leveraging our extensive database, investment professionals submit investment opportunities for initial review, subject to delineated exceptions set forth in our funds investment committee charters or resolutions. To facilitate the initial review, the investment team summarizes the opportunity in a preliminary evaluation report and the opportunity is subsequently reviewed by senior members of the team for potential further consideration and investment. 
 
 Annual Due Diligence 
 
 For each potential investment opportunity, the responsible investment team gathers, analyzes and reviews available information on the underlying asset. The due diligence process is augmented further by our extensive database, which enables us to analyze and compare the investment opportunity to what we believe are precedent transactions. As part of the due diligence process, we also conduct operational due diligence and legal diligence, which evaluate the potential risks associated with the investment opportunity s operational framework and legal standing. More specifically, our operational due diligence team focuses on legal, financial, IT and background checks, while our legal due diligence team focuses on review of legal documents, fund agreements and compliance. 
 
 Annual Investments Made 
 
 After our due diligence is completed, the responsible investment team works with the relevant Investment Committee to validate that each investment opportunity meets the investment objective of the portfolio at hand. The Investment Committee provides feedback on the general partner (and investment merits in the case of secondaries and direct and co-investments), risks and prospects of each investment opportunity. Provided that the opportunity meets the appropriate criteria, the investment committee issues an indicative approval to proceed with confirmatory due diligence. Upon successful confirmatory due diligence the Investment Committee will reconvene to review the investment for a final vote. Once final approval has been obtained, the investment team may proceed with commitments or funding. 

Our Risk Management Process 
 
 Our risk management process includes risk identification, measurement, mitigation, monitoring and management/reporting, with particular risk assessments tailored by solution, vehicle and individual client. We apply our risk management framework across three distinct areas of our investment process: (a) the general partner, (b) the investment fund, and (c) the portfolio company. We seek to mitigate risk through prudent portfolio diversification and through comprehensive due diligence on general partners, investment funds and portfolio companies. 
 
 General Partner 
 
 We perform extensive, upfront due diligence on general partners prior to making an investment and all our current period partners are subject to our ongoing risk management framework. Key components of our ongoing risk management of general partners include monitoring the firm s historical and current strategy, historical track record and anticipated performance, current team composition and remuneration, decision-making process, ability to add value, deal flow and fund terms. Furthermore, our risk management processes include reviewing information related to the general partners target asset classes, sector/sub-sectors, investment specialties, key personnel, and primary geographical regions in which the general partner invests. 
 
 Investment Fund 
 26 

Investment Funds are also subject to our due diligence and risk management framework. Key components of our ongoing risk management of investment funds include monitoring vintage year, fund size, currency, as well as measures of historical performance (including percent of commitments called, distributions to paid in capital, residual value to paid in capital, net total value multiple of invested capital, net internal rate of return, and the date performance results were last updated), historical investments and benchmarking. 
 
 Portfolio Company 
 
 Key components of our ongoing risk management of portfolio companies include monitoring cash flow details, financial and operating metrics, and other relevant performance measurements. Our investments in our portfolio companies include both debt and equity. 
 
 In addition to our distinct ongoing risk management processes we participate in board meetings, investment funds annual meetings, maintain membership on limited partnership boards and advisory boards and remain in frequent dialogue with portfolio companies in an effort to remain appraised of relevant developments in the investment funds. We are also recipients of monthly and quarterly performance reporting packages, annual audited financial statements, along with K-1 tax reporting packages and evaluations of the state of the market generally. 
 
 Our ongoing monitoring efforts culminate in annual summaries featuring extensive qualitative and quantitative information of each portfolio company. The annual summaries help us benchmark each general partner to ensure each portfolio we invest in to ensure each portfolio is performing as expected. 
 
 Our Responsible Investment Philosophy 
 
 Responsible investment, which encompasses environmental, social and governance ESG and impact investing considerations, is important to our operating and investment philosophies. We believe that integration of an ESG framework into both our investment process and internal operations may improve long-term, risk-adjusted returns for our clients. Certain of our subsidiaries have developed a responsible investment policy. In addition, two of our subsidiaries are a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment UNPRI ). We aim to continually improve and evolve, and plan to review our policy annually. 
 
 Given our scale and position in the private markets ecosystem, we believe we are well positioned to help educate the broader investor and fund manager community on how best to integrate responsible investment considerations in their investment process and programs. 
 
 Our Fee-Paying AUM 
 
 Fee-Paying AUM (FPAUM) 
 
 FPAUM reflects the assets from which we currently earn management and advisory fees. Our vehicles typically earn management and advisory fees based on committed capital, and in certain cases, net invested capital, depending on the fee terms. Management and advisory fees based on committed capital are not affected by market appreciation or depreciation. 
 
 Our FPAUM has grown from approximately 9.9 billion as of December 31, 2018 to approximately 21.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 determined on a pro forma basis. 
 
 27 

1. Organic FPAUM is calculated on a pro forma basis assuming the acquisitions of WTI, Five Points, TrueBridge, Enhanced, Bonaccord, and Hark were completed as of January 1, 2018. 2. Q4 22 organic FPAUM growth is the pro forma FPAUM growth from Q4 21 to Q4 22. Note: PF refers to calculations made on a pro forma basis. A refers to calculations made on an actual basis. 
 
 Our Fees and Other Key Contractual Terms 
 
 Specialized Investment Vehicles 
 
 While the terms of each fund may vary, we have outlined the key terms of the customized separate accounts and commingled funds within our specialized investment vehicles below: 
 
 Commingled Investment Vehicles 
 
 Capital Commitments 
 
 Investors in our investment funds generally make commitments to provide capital at the outset of a fund and deliver capital when called upon by us, as investment opportunities become available and to fund operational expenses and other obligations. The commitments are generally available for investment for 1 to 5 years, during what we call the commitment period. We typically have invested the capital committed to our funds, over a 3 to 5-year period. 
 
 Structure 
 
 Our investment funds are structured as limited partnerships organized by us accepting commitments or funds from our investors. Our investors become limited partners in our funds and a separate entity that we form and control acts as the general partner. Our capital commitment to the limited partnership is generally 1 of total capital commitments. Contingent upon the solution, each investment fund will have a designated Manager, which generally serves as the investment manager of the fund, responsible for all investment diligence, decision making and monitoring. 
 28 

Fees 
 
 We earn management and advisory fees based on a percentage of investors capital commitments to, in funds or deployed capital. Management and advisory fees during the commitment period are charged on capital commitments and after the commitment period (or a defined anniversary of the fund s initial closing) is reduced by a percentage of the management and advisory fees for the preceding years or charged on net invested capital or NAV, in selected cases. 
 
 Duration and Termination 
 
 Our primary investment funds, secondaries funds and direct and co-investment funds are typically ten to fifteen years in duration, terminating either on a specific anniversary date, or after a determined number of years after the fund s final close. Our funds are generally subject to extensions for up to 3 years at the discretion of the general partner and thereafter if consent of the requisite majority of investors, or in some cases, the fund s advisory committee is obtained. 
 
 Separate Accounts 
 
 Capital Commitments 
 
 Investors in our separate accounts generally make commitments to provide capital at the outset of a fund and deliver capital when called upon by us, as investment opportunities become available and to fund operational expenses and other obligations. The commitments are generally available for investment for 4 to 5 years, during what we call the commitment period. We typically have invested the capital committed to our investment funds, over a 5-year period. 
 
 Structure 
 
 Most of our separate accounts are contractual arrangements involving an investment management agreement between us and our investor. Within agreed-upon investment guidelines, we generally have full discretion to buy, sell or otherwise effect investment transactions involving the assets in the account, in the name and on behalf of our investor, although in some cases certain investors have the right to veto investments. The discretion to invest committed capital generally is subject to investment guidelines established by our investors or by us in conjunction with our investors. In some cases, at the investor s request, we establish a separate investment vehicle, generally a limited partnership with our investor as the sole limited partner and a wholly owned subsidiary as the general partner. Our capital commitment to the limited partnership is typically 1 of total capital commitments. We manage the limited partnership under an investment management agreement between our investor and us. 
 
 29 

Fees 
 
 We earn management and advisory fees based on a percentage of investors capital commitments to or, in selected cases, net invested capital in, or NAV of, our investment funds. These fees often decrease over the life of the contract due to built-in declines in contractual rates and/or as a result of lower net invested capital balances or NAV as capital is returned to investors. 
 Duration and Termination 
 
 Separate account contracts typically can be terminated by our investors for specified reasons, but specific terms vary significantly from investor to investor and certain contracts may be terminated for any reason, typically with 5 to 90 days notice. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 We compete in all aspects of our business with a large number of asset management firms, commercial banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. With respect to our investment strategies, we primarily compete with other private markets solutions providers within North America that specialize in private equity, venture capital, impact investing and private credit. We seek to maintain excellent relationships with general partners and managers of investment funds, including those in which we have previously made investments for our investors and those in which we may invest in the future, as well as sponsors of investments that might provide co-investment opportunities in portfolio companies alongside the sponsoring fund manager. However, because of the number of investors seeking to gain access to investment funds and co-investment opportunities managed or sponsored by the top performing fund managers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the opportunity to invest on behalf of our investors in all or a substantial portion of the investments we select, or that the size of the investment opportunities available to us will be as large as we would desire. Access to secondary investment opportunities is also highly competitive and is often controlled by a limited number of general partners, fund managers and intermediaries. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract highly qualified investment professionals and retain existing employees. 
 
 In order to grow our business, we must maintain our existing investor base and attract new investors. Historically, we have competed principally on the basis of the factors listed below: 
 
 Access to private markets investment opportunities through our size, expertise, reputation and strong relationships with fund managers; 

Brand recognition of the platforms through which we operate and reputation within the investing community; 

Performance of investment strategies; 

Quality of service and duration of investor relationships; 

Data and analytics capabilities; 

Ability to customize product offerings to investor specifications; 

Ability to provide cost effective and comprehensive range of services and products; and 

Investors perceptions of our independence and the alignment of our interests with theirs created through our investment in our own products. 

The asset management business is intensely competitive, and in addition to the above factors, our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract highly qualified investment professionals and retain existing employees. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Matters 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation in the United States at both the federal and state level and, in certain circumstances, outside the United States. Under these laws and regulations, the SEC, relevant state securities authorities and other foreign regulatory agencies have broad administrative powers, including the power to limit, restrict or prohibit an 
 30 

investment advisor from carrying on its business if it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Possible sanctions that may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time, revocation of investment advisor and other registrations, censures and fines. 
 
 SEC Regulation 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of P10 are registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. As a registered investment adviser, each is subject to the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder, as well as to examination by the SEC s staff. The Investment Advisers Act imposes substantive regulation on virtually all aspects of our business and our relationships with our investors and funds. Applicable requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to investors, engaging in transactions with investors, maintaining an effective compliance program, political contributions, personal trading, incentive fees, allocation of investments, conflicts of interest, custody, advertising, recordkeeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. The Investment Advisers Act also regulates the assignment of advisory contracts by the investment adviser. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Investment Advisers Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an investment adviser s registration. The failure of any Adviser to comply with the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act or the SEC could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our separate accounts and funds are not registered under the Investment Company Act because we generally only form separate accounts for, and offer interests in our funds to, persons who we reasonably believe to be qualified purchasers as defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, certain funds are not registered under the Investment Company Act because we limit such funds to 100 or fewer persons as defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, certain WTI funds are registered under the Investment Company Act and must comply with the reporting and governance requirements of the Investment Company Act. Compliance with the Investment Company Act can be complex and failure to comply can result in significant fines, penalties, loss to reputation and other material adverse effects on us. 
 
 ERISA-Related Regulation 
 
 Some of our funds are treated as holding plan assets as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), as a result of investments in those funds by benefit plan investors. By virtue of its role as investment manager of these funds, each Adviser is a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to such benefit plan investors. ERISA and the Code impose certain duties on persons that are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving benefit plans and parties in interest or disqualified persons to those plans, and provide monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. With respect to these funds, each Adviser relies on particular statutory and administrative exemptions from certain ERISA prohibited transactions, which exemptions are highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. The failure of any Adviser or us to comply with these various requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, with respect to other investment funds in which benefit plan investors have invested, but which are not treated as holding plan assets, each Adviser relies on certain rules under ERISA in conducting investment management activities. These rules are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties that we do not control. If for any reason these rules were to become inapplicable, each Adviser could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Foreign Regulation 
 
 We provide investment advisory and other services and raise funds in a number of countries and jurisdictions outside the United States. In many of these countries and jurisdictions, which include the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area EEA , the individual member states of each of the EU and EEA, Central and South America, Australia and other countries in the South Pacific, we and our operations, and in some cases our personnel, are subject to regulatory oversight and requirements. In general, these requirements relate to registration, licenses for our personnel, periodic inspections, the provision and filing of periodic reports, and obtaining certifications and other approvals. Across the EU, we are subject to the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive AIFMD requirements regarding, among other things, registration for marketing activities, the structure of remuneration for certain of our personnel and reporting obligations. 
 31 

Individual member states of the EU have imposed additional requirements that may include internal arrangements with respect to risk management, liquidity risks, asset valuations, and the establishment and security of depositary and custodial requirements. 
 
 It is expected that additional laws and regulations will come into force in the UK, the EEA, the EU, and other countries in which we operate over the coming years. There have also been significant legislative developments affecting the private equity industry in Europe and there continues to be discussion regarding enhancing governmental scrutiny and/or increasing regulation of the private equity industry. 
 
 SBA Regulations 
 
 Several of our Advisers provide investment advisory and other services to funds which operate as Small Business Investment Companies SBICs and are licensed by the Small Business Administration SBA ). SBICs supply small businesses with financing in both the equity and debt arenas. There are various requirements that apply to SBICs under SBA rules and regulations. These rules and regulations are sometimes highly complex. The SBA is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of rules and regulations applicable to SIBCs, including forcing the liquidation of an SBIC. The failure of an Adviser to comply with the requirements of the SBA could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Privacy and Cyber Security Regulation 
 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the E.U. or other non-U.S. jurisdictions and/or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, including the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the EU s GDPR and the Australian Privacy Act. The GDPR has heightened our privacy compliance obligations, impacted our businesses collection, processing and retention of personal data and imposed strict standards for reporting data breaches. The GDPR also provides for significant penalties for non-compliance. In addition, California and several other states have recently enacted, or are actively considering, consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with regard to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. For more information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry. 
 
 Future Developments 
 
 The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators have in recent years increased their regulatory activities, including regulation, examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms. 
 
 As described above, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal framework that requires us to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by financial regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. 
 
 Compliance 
 
 Each Adviser has a Chief Compliance Officer. Certain Advisers also maintain in-house legal staff as well as additional compliance staff. Each Adviser generally engages outside counsel to review, analyze and negotiate the terms of the documents relating to impact, primary, secondary and direct/co-investments. Because most of our separate account investors and certain of our advisory investors rely on us to negotiate terms, including terms about which certain investors are particularly sensitive or which are investor-specific, our compliance and legal teams work closely with both the investors and outside counsel. Our compliance and legal teams also work closely with our investment teams during negotiations. Typically, outside counsel negotiates directly with fund managers and deal sponsors and their counsel the terms of all limited partnership agreements, subscription documents, side letters, purchase agreements and other documents relating to primary, secondary and direct co-investments. Our compliance and legal teams review and makes recommendations regarding 
 32 

amendments and requests for consents presented by the fund managers from time to time. In addition, our compliance and legal teams work with outside counsel as we deem necessary to prepare, review and negotiate all documents relating to the formation and operation of our funds. 
 
 Each Adviser s compliance team is responsible for overseeing and enforcing our policies and procedures relating to compliance with the laws applicable to our business both U.S. and foreign. This includes our code of ethics and personal trading policies. 
 
 We have an outsourced Internal Audit group, which have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, which are documented and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in accordance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our Internal Audit group independently reports to an audit committee of our board of directors, operates with a global mandate and will be responsible for the examination and evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organization s governance and risk management processes and internal controls, as well as the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities to achieve the organization s stated goals and objectives. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, we may be subject to various legal, judicial and administrative proceedings. Currently, there are no material proceedings pending or, to our knowledge, threatened against us. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 234 total employees, including 107 investment professionals. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 

Facilities 
 
 We lease our corporate headquarters and principal offices, which are located at 4514 Cole Avenue, Suite 1600, Dallas, Texas 75205. We also lease additional office space in Illinois, California, North Carolina, New York, Louisiana, Missouri, Maryland and Colorado. We do not own any real property. We believe our current facilities are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Company believes that a strong focus on human capital through the talent we hire and retain is critical to maintaining our competitiveness. As of December 31, 2022, we have 234 full-time equivalent employees, primarily located in the United States. Our employees are not represented by a collective bargaining group. We consider our employee relations to be strong. 
 
 Human Capital Objectives 
 Our business is built on strong, trusted and relationships with stakeholders: employees, limited partners, general partners, and our public stockholders. As such, attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining diverse talent is vital to our success. The Company is focused on supporting our employees, and we consider talent management to be essential to the ongoing success of our business. Our Board of Directors and Committees provide oversight of our human capital management strategy. 
 
 Sustainability 
 The Company s executive leadership team and Board recognize that ESG is a strategic and operational imperative and established an internal team that is tasked with driving progress. In partnership with our employees, we are committed to protecting the natural environment and our communities through sustainable practices. We emphasize a culture of accountability and conduct our business in a manner that is fair, ethical, and responsible to earn the trust of our employees. 
 
 33 

Employee Attraction, Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 We are also committed to pay equity and regularly review our compensation model to ensure fair and inclusive pay practices across our business. We offer competitive benefits packages that reflect the needs of our workforce. In the U.S., we provide all full-time employees medical, dental, and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, parental leave, education reimbursement, and paid time off. We provide retirement benefits including a 401(k)-match program. In addition to base salary, our employees participate in incentive plans that support our organizational philosophy of pay and performance. Our executive compensation program is designed to align incentives with achievement of the Company s strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. 
 
 Health Safety 
 We take the health and safety of our employees seriously. We expect each employee to follow our safety standards and protocols. We continue to utilize employee feedback and surveys to gather information to best serve our team members. Members of our human resource department annually review benefits to ensure we can meet the well-being of our employees and their families. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion D I starts with our goal of developing a workforce that is diverse in background, knowledge, skill, and experience. We have implemented policies and training focused on non-discrimination and harassment prevention. We embrace diversity and inclusion, which we believe fosters leadership through new ideas and perspectives. In 2022, we continued the evolution of our D I strategy and objectives and recognize it as an ongoing business imperative. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 39 of our total work force and 17 of our senior leaders were female, while approximately 17 of our total work force and none of our senior leaders were minorities. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 We maintain a website with the address https://ir.p10alts.com/. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Form 10-K. Through our website, we make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports in a timely manner after we provide them to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 34 

Item 1A. R isk Factors. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our revenue in any given period is dependent on the number of fee-paying investors in such period. While most of our revenue is derived from management and advisory fees based on committed capital that is typically subject to multi-year lock up agreements, under certain limited circumstances, the committed capital can be withdrawn early, or we can be removed or terminated as the adviser or general partner to a particular client. 
 
 Our revenue is comprised virtually entirely of management and advisory fees from our registered investment adviser subsidiaries (each, an Adviser ), with the vast majority of fees earned on committed capital that is typically subject to between 10 and 15 year lock up agreements, although in many cases, the contractual fees decline over the period, after the investment period of three to five years ends. Our investors engage us across multiple private market solutions through different vehicles, including primary investment funds, direct and co-investment funds and secondary funds. Primary investment funds and direct and co-investment funds include both commingled investment vehicles with multiple investors as well as customizable separate accounts, which typically include one customer. Our revenue in any given period is dependent on the number of fee-paying investors in such period. For our specialized, commingled funds, our fees may terminate if we are removed for certain cause events such as a key person event or without cause by a super majority of investors. Our customized separate account and advisory account business operates in a highly competitive environment. While investors of our separate account and advisory account businesses may have multi-year contracts, certain of these contracts only provide for fees to the extent a client elects to make an investment. In addition, the separate accounts and advisory contracts may be terminated by the client for cause or without cause upon advance notice to us. In connection with these terminable contracts, we may lose investors as a result of the sale or merger of an investor, a change in an investor s senior management, competition from other financial advisors and financial institutions and other causes. Moreover, certain of our contracts with state government-sponsored investors are secured through such government s request for proposal process, and can be subject to renewal. If multiple investors were to exercise their termination rights or fail to renew their existing contracts or investors removed us from managing a fund and we were unable to secure new investors, our fees would decline. In the case of any such events, the management fees and advisory fees we earn in connection with managing such account would immediately cease, which could result in an adverse effect on our revenues. If we experience a change of control (as defined under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Advisers Act ), or as otherwise set forth in the governing documents of our funds), continuation of the investment management agreements of our funds and our separate account clients would be subject to investor or client consent. We cannot assure you that required consents will be obtained if a change of control occurs. 
 
 If the investments we make on behalf of our specialized investment vehicles perform poorly, our ability to raise capital for future specialized investment vehicles may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our revenue from our investment management business is derived from fees earned for our management of our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts and with respect to certain of our specialized investment vehicles. We have no economic interest, ownership in or beneficiary interest in the performance of the funds (except for a 5 carried interest in RCP FF Small Buyout Co-Investment Fund, LP). RCP 2 and RCP 3 serve as the advisors of the affiliated private equity funds, funds-of-funds, secondary funds and co-investment funds and receive management and advisory fees for the services performed. In the event that our specialized investment vehicles or individual investments perform poorly, the fund manager s revenues and earnings derived from incentive fees will decline, which may result in a decrease in our management and advisory fee revenue and make it more difficult for us to raise capital for new specialized funds or gain new customized separate account investors in the future. 
 
 The historical performance of our investments should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investments or our operations. 
 
 In considering the performance information contained in this Form 10-K, our stockholders should be aware that past performance of our specialized investment vehicles or the investments that we recommend to our investors is not necessarily indicative of future results or of the performance of our Class A common stock. An investment in our Class A common stock is not an investment in any of our specialized investment vehicles. In addition, the historical and potential future returns of specialized investment vehicles that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our Class A common stock. Therefore, you should not conclude that continued positive performance of our specialized investment vehicles or the investments that we recommend to our investors will necessarily result in positive returns on our Class A common stock. However, poor 
 35 

performance of our specialized investment vehicles could cause a decline in our ability to raise additional funds, and could therefore have a negative effect on our performance and on returns on our Class A common stock. The historical performance of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future performance of these funds or of any future funds we may raise, in part because: 
 market conditions and investment opportunities during previous periods may have been significantly more favorable for generating positive performance than those we may experience in the future; 

the performance of our funds is generally calculated on the basis of net asset value of the funds investments, including unrealized gains, which may never be realized; 

our historical returns derive largely from the performance of our earlier funds, whereas future fund returns will depend increasingly on the performance of our newer funds or funds not yet formed; 

our newly established funds typically generate lower returns during the period that they initially deploy their capital; 

changes in the global tax and regulatory environment may affect both the investment preferences of our investors and the financing strategies employed by businesses in which particular funds invest, which may reduce the overall capital available for investment and the availability of suitable investments, thereby reducing our investment returns in the future; 

in recent years, there has been increased competition for investment opportunities resulting from the increased amount of capital invested in private markets alternatives and high liquidity in debt markets, which may cause an increase in cost and reduction in the availability of suitable investments, thereby reducing our investment returns in the future; and 

the performance of particular funds also will be affected by risks of the industries and businesses in which they invest. 

The success of our business depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our investors. 
 
 Our success largely depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our investors, and in particular the success of funds in which our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts invest. The availability of investment opportunities will be subject to market conditions and other factors outside of our control and the control of the private markets and fund managers with which we invest. 
 
 Past returns of our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts have benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not continue or reoccur, including favorable borrowing conditions in the debt markets. There can be no assurance that our specialized investment vehicles, advisory accounts or the underlying funds in which we invest will be able to avail themselves of comparable opportunities and conditions. 
 
 Further, there can be no assurance that the private markets funds we select will be able to identify sufficient attractive investment opportunities to meet their investment objectives. 
 
 Competition for access to investment funds and other investments we make for our investors is intense. 
 
 We compete in all aspects of our business with a large number of asset management firms, commercial banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. With respect to our investment strategies, we primarily compete with other private markets solutions providers within North America that specialize in private equity, venture capital, impact investing, NAV loans, GP stakes, and private credit. We seek to maintain excellent relationships with general partners and managers of investment funds, including those in which we have previously made investments for our investors and those in which we may invest in the future, as well as sponsors of investments that might provide co-investment opportunities in portfolio companies alongside the sponsoring fund manager. However, because of the number of investors seeking to gain access to investment funds and co-investment opportunities managed or sponsored by the top performing fund managers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the opportunity to invest on behalf of our investors in all or a substantial portion of the investments we select, or that the size of the investment opportunities available to us will be as large as we would desire. Access to secondary investment opportunities is also highly competitive and is often controlled by a 
 36 

limited number of general partners, fund managers and intermediaries. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract highly qualified investment professionals and retain existing employees. 

Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 As we expand the scope of our business, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our advisory and investment management businesses. For example, we may recommend that various of our advisory investors invest in specialized funds managed by our investment management business. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Certain of our subsidiaries are registered investment advisors and they owe their investors a fiduciary duty and are required to provide disinterested advice. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including an inability to raise additional funds and reluctance of our existing investors to continue to do business with us. 

We have obligations to investors and may have obligations to other third parties that may conflict with interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our subsidiaries that serve as the general partners of, or advisers to, our funds, or to our specialized investment vehicles have fiduciary and contractual obligations to the investors in those funds and accounts, and some of our subsidiaries may have contractual duties to other third parties. As a result, we may take actions with respect to the allocation of investments among our specialized investment vehicles or funds (including funds and accounts that have different fee structures), the purchase or sale of investments in our specialized investment vehicles or funds, the structuring of investment transactions for those specialized investment vehicles or funds, the advice we provide or other actions in order to comply with these fiduciary and contractual obligations. 
 
 Our ability to retain our senior leadership team and attract, retain and develop human capital in a highly competitive talent market is critical to our success. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to retain our senior leadership team and to attract, retain, and develop additional qualified investment, sales and other professionals. However, we may not be successful in our efforts to retain our senior leadership team, as the market for investment professionals is extremely competitive. The individuals that comprise our senior leadership team possess substantial experience and expertise and, in many cases, have significant relationships with certain of our investors. Accordingly, the loss of any one of our senior leadership team could adversely affect certain investor relationships or limit our ability to successfully execute our investment strategies, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in asset management firms is significant. Turnover and associated costs of rehiring, the loss of human capital through attrition, death, or disability and the reduced ability to attract talent could impair our ability to implement our growth strategy and maintain our standards of excellence. Our future success will depend upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate highly-skilled and highly-qualified individuals. We seek to provide our personnel with competitive benefits and compensation packages. However, our efforts may not be sufficient to enable us to attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals to support our growth. Moreover, if our personnel join competitors or form businesses that compete with ours, that could adversely affect our ability to raise new or successor funds. In addition, certain of our specialized funds have key person provisions that are triggered upon the loss of services of one or more specified employees and could, upon the occurrence of such event, provide the investors in these funds with certain rights such as rights providing for the termination or suspension of our funds investment periods and/or wind-down of our funds. Any change to our senior leadership team could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We intend to expand our business and may enter into new lines of business or geographic markets, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our business. 
 
 Virtually all of our revenue is derived from management and advisory fees based on committed capital that is typically subject to multi-year lock up agreements, typically between 10 and 15 years. We continue to grow our business by offering 
 37 

additional products and services, by entering into new lines of business and by entering into, or expanding our presence in, new geographic markets, including Europe and Asia. Introducing new types of investment structures, products and services could increase our operational costs and the complexities involved in managing such investments, including with respect to ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and the terms of the investment. To the extent we enter into new lines of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, the required investment of capital and other resources and the loss of investors due to the perception that we are no longer focusing on our core business. In addition, we may from time to time explore opportunities to grow our business via acquisitions, partnerships, investments or other strategic transactions. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify, negotiate or complete such transactions, that any completed transactions will produce favorable financial results or that we will be able to successfully integrate an acquired business with ours. 
 
 Entry into certain lines of business or geographic markets or introduction of new types of products or services may subject us to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. In addition, certain aspects of our cost structure, such as costs for compensation, occupancy and equipment rentals, communication and information technology services, and depreciation and amortization will be largely fixed, and we may not be able to timely adjust these costs to match fluctuations in revenue related to growing our business or entering into new lines of business. If a new business generates insufficient revenue or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Future transactions and recent acquisitions could pose risks. 
 
 We frequently evaluate strategic opportunities and tactical acquisitions. We expect from time to time to pursue additional business opportunities and may decide to eliminate or acquire certain businesses, products or services. Such acquisitions or dispositions could be material. There are various risks and uncertainties associated with potential acquisitions and divestitures, including: (1) availability of financing; (2) difficulties related to integrating previously separate businesses into a single unit, including product and service offerings, operational capabilities and business cultures; (3) general business disruption; (4) managing the integration process; (5) diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations; (6) assumption of costs and liabilities of an acquired business, including unforeseen or contingent liabilities or liabilities in excess of the amounts estimated; (7) failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; (8) potentially substantial costs and expenses associated with acquisitions and dispositions; (9) failure to retain and motivate key employees; and (10) difficulties in applying our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures to an acquired business. Any or all of these risks and uncertainties, individually or collectively, could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Unforeseen liabilities may also arise from recent and future acquisition activity. We have operations in numerous states, and continue to review potential acquisitions in states throughout the United States, each of which has its own regulatory and compliance requirements. Each of our current and future businesses is required to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. From time to time states may conduct inquiries or investigations as to compliance with such requirements. Any such inquiry or investigation could be for periods prior to or subsequent to our acquisition. In the event (i) it was determined that an acquisition or subsidiary was found to have violated an applicable law, rule or regulation, or other requirement, (ii) such violation was determined to be material and (iii) to the extent that we were liable for claims for which indemnification under our acquisition agreement or other coverage is not available, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our organic growth with selective strategic acquisitions in recent years may be difficult to sustain, as it may place significant demands on our resources and employees and may increase our expenses. 
 We have grown organically and further evolved by adding complementary solutions and integrating these solutions into our existing offerings to generate cross-selling opportunities across our existing investor base, as demonstrated by the recent acquisitions of Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI. The substantial growth of our business has placed, and if it continues, will continue to place, significant demands on our infrastructure, our investment team and other employees, and will increase our expenses. In addition, we are required to continuously develop our infrastructure as a result of becoming a public company and in response to the increasingly complex investment management industry and increasing sophistication of investors. Legal and regulatory developments also contribute to the level of our expenses. The future growth of our business will 
 38 

depend, among other things, on our ability to maintain the appropriate infrastructure and staffing levels to sufficiently address our growth and may require us to incur significant additional expenses and commit additional senior management and operational resources. We may face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and operational controls as well as implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures. Training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and cost-effective basis may also pose challenges. In addition, our efforts to retain or attract qualified investment professionals may result in significant additional expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our growing business effectively or that we will be able to continue to grow, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses. 
 
 Acquired businesses may not perform as expected, leading to an adverse effect on our earnings and revenue growth. 
 Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including the following, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and our earnings and revenue growth: (i) incurring costs in excess of what we anticipated; (ii) potential loss of key wealth management professionals or other team members of the predecessor firm; (iii) inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset transaction costs; (iv) inability to retain investors following an acquisition; (v) incurring expenses associated with the amortization or impairment of intangible assets, particularly for goodwill and other intangible assets; and (vi) payment of more than fair market value for the assets of the acquired business. 
 
 While we intend that our completed acquisitions will improve profitability, past or future acquisitions may not be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet operational or strategic expectations. The failure of any of our acquired businesses to perform as expected after acquisition may have an adverse effect on our earnings and revenue growth. These risks are present for our recent acquisitions, including the Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI acquisitions, as well as acquisitions we may enter into in the future. 
 
 The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. 
 Before making or recommending investments for our investors, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental and legal issues. Outside consultants, legal advisors and accountants may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment and the parties involved. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, we rely on the resources available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third-party investigations. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts that are necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. Moreover, such an investigation will not necessarily result in the investment ultimately being successful. In addition, a substantial portion of our specialized funds are funds-of-funds, and therefore we are dependent on the due diligence investigation of the general partner or co-investment partner leading such investment. We have little or no control over their due diligence process, and any shortcomings in their due diligence could be reflected in the performance of the investment we make with them on behalf of our investors. Poor investment performance could lead investors to terminate their agreements with us and/or result in negative reputational effects, either of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our indebtedness and our future indebtedness may expose us to substantial risks. 
 
 We expect to continue to utilize debt to finance our operations and potential future acquisitions, which will expose us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage. Significant future borrowings could make it more difficult for us to withstand adverse economic conditions or business plan variances, to take advantage of new business opportunities, or to make necessary capital expenditures. Any portion of our cash flow required for debt service would not be available for our operations, distributions, dividends or other purposes. Any substantial decrease in net operating cash flows or any substantial increase in expenses could make it difficult for us to meet our debt service requirements or force us to modify our operations. 
 
 39 

Restrictive covenants in agreements and instruments governing our debt may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 The terms in our agreements and instruments governing our debt contain various provisions that limit our and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 create or incur any lien; 

incur additional indebtedness; 

make or pay any Restricted Junior Payment (as defined in the Facility); 

create or permit any consensual encumbrance or restriction; 

enter into any merger or consolidation, or liquidate, wind-up or dissolve itself, or dispose of all or any part of its business, assets or property of any kind; 

make any acquisition or purchase any management fee tails; 

sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any capital stock of any of its subsidiaries; 

enter into sale-leaseback transactions; 

enter into certain transactions or business activities with affiliates, including any joint venture; and 

make certain modifications to organizational or debt documents or certain material contracts, including any change to fiscal year. 

The restrictions in the agreements and instruments governing our debt may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our business, and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We also may incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will largely depend on our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements or instruments if for any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements and instruments. The breach of any of these covenants and restrictions could result in a default under the agreements and instruments governing our debt which could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness. 
 
 Dependence on leverage by certain funds and portfolio companies subjects us to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets and could adversely affect the ability of our specialized investment vehicles to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments. 
 
 Certain of the specialized funds we manage, the funds in which we invest and portfolio companies within our funds and customized separate accounts currently rely on leverage or may in the future rely on leverage. If our specialized funds or the companies in which our specialized investment vehicles invest raise capital in the structured credit, leveraged loan and high yield bond markets, the results of their operations may suffer if such markets experience dislocations, contractions or volatility, for instance due to future or worsening impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such events could adversely impact the availability of credit to businesses generally, the cost or terms on which lenders are willing to lend, or the strength of the overall economy. 
 
 The absence of available sources of sufficient credit and/or debt financing for extended periods of time or an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those investments. Certain investments may also be financed through fund-level debt facilities, which may or may not be available for refinancing at the end of their respective terms. Finally, the interest payments on the indebtedness used to finance our specialized funds investments are generally deductible expenses for income tax purposes, subject to limitations under applicable tax law and policy. Any change in such tax law or policy to eliminate or substantially limit these income tax deductions, as has been discussed from time to time in various jurisdictions, would reduce the after-tax rates of return on the affected investments, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 40 

Similarly, private markets fund portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets to obtain additional financing for their operations. Leverage incurred by a portfolio company may cause the portfolio company to be vulnerable to increases in interest rates and may make it less able to cope with changes in business and economic conditions. Any adverse impact caused by the use of leverage by portfolio companies in which we directly or indirectly invest could in turn adversely affect the returns of our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts. If the investment returns achieved by our funds are reduced, it could result in negative reputational effects, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Defaults by investors in certain of our specialized funds could adversely affect that fund s operations and performance. 
 Our business is exposed to the risk that investors that owe us money may not pay us. If investors in our specialized investment vehicles default on their obligations to us, there may be adverse consequences on the investment process, and we could incur losses and be unable to meet underlying capital calls. For example, investors in most of our specialized funds make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling and honoring their commitments when we call capital from them for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations when due. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to several possible penalties, including having a meaningful amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the impact of the penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund. 
 
 If an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. Failure to fund capital calls may occur more frequently in the event of an economic slowdown. In addition, changes to asset allocation policies may restrict or prohibit investors from investing in new or successor funds or funding existing commitments. A failure of investors to honor a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds could have a material adverse effect on the operation and performance of those funds. 
 
 Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our investors could result in damage awards against us or a reduction in FPAUM, either of which would cause our earnings to decline and adversely affect our business. 
 When investors retain us to manage assets on their behalf, certain guidelines are agreed to regarding investment allocation and strategy that we are required to observe in the management of their portfolios. Our failure to comply with these guidelines and other limitations could result in investors causing the termination of the investment management agreement with us, as these agreements generally are terminable without cause on generally 90 days notice. Investors could also sue us for breach of contract and seek to recover damages from us. In addition, such guidelines may restrict our ability to pursue certain allocations and strategies on behalf of our investors that we believe are economically desirable, which could similarly result in losses to an investor account or termination of the account and a corresponding reduction in FPAUM. Even if we comply with all applicable investment guidelines, an investor may be dissatisfied with its investment performance or our services or fees and may terminate their customized separate accounts or advisory accounts or be unwilling to commit new capital to our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts. Any of these events could cause a reduction to FPAUM and consequently cause our earnings to decline and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Misconduct by our employees, advisors or third-party service providers could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. 
 There is a risk that our employees, advisors or third-party service providers could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our advisory and investment management businesses and our discretionary authority over the assets we manage. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees, advisors or third-party service providers would adversely affect our investors and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies and funds in which we may invest for our investors. If our employees, advisors or third-party service providers were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could be subject to legal or regulatory action and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. It is not always possible to detect or deter employee, advisor or third-party service provider misconduct, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If one of our employees, advisors or third-party service providers were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be materially and adversely affected. 
 41 

Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our specialized investment vehicles can be significantly subjective, and the values of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our specialized investment vehicles. 
 There are no readily ascertainable market prices for a large number of the investments in our specialized investment vehicles, advisory accounts or the funds in which we invest. The value of the investments of our specialized investment vehicles is determined periodically by us based on the fair value of such investments as reported by the underlying fund managers. Our valuation of the funds in which we invest is largely dependent upon the processes employed by the managers of those funds. The fair value of investments is determined using a number of methodologies described in the particular funds valuation policies. These policies are based on a number of factors, including the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, the length of time the investment has been held, restrictions on transfer and other recognized valuation methodologies. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on a variety of estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments, and actual results related to the investment may vary materially as a result of the inaccuracy of such assumptions or estimates. In addition, because the illiquid investments held by our specialized investment vehicles, advisory accounts and the funds in which we invest may be in industries or sectors that are unstable, in distress, or undergoing some uncertainty, such investments are subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. 
 
 Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of, illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in a fund s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained if such investments were sold. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in fund net asset values could result in losses for the applicable fund and the loss of potential incentive fees by the fund s manager and us. Also, a situation in which asset values turn out to be materially different from values reflected in fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us and may, in turn, result in difficulties in our ability to raise additional capital, retain investors or attract new investors. 
 
 Further, the SEC has highlighted valuation practices as one of its areas of focus in investment advisor examinations and has instituted enforcement actions against advisors for misleading investors about valuation. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in our methodologies or procedures, we and/or members of our management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our investment management activities may involve investments in relatively illiquid assets, and we and our investors may lose some or all the amounts invested in these activities or fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time. 
 The investments made by our specialized investment vehicles and recommended by our advisory services may include illiquid assets. The private markets funds in which we invest capital generally invest in securities that are not publicly traded. Even if such securities are publicly traded, many of these funds may be prohibited by contract or applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period. Accordingly, the private markets funds in which we and our investors invest capital may not be able to sell investments when they desire and therefore may not be able to realize the full value of such investments. Particularly in the case of securities, such funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. Accordingly, the private markets funds in which we invest our investors capital may not be able to sell securities when they desire and therefore may not be able to realize the full value of such securities. The ability of private markets funds to dispose of investments is dependent in part on the public equity and debt markets, to the extent that the ability to dispose of an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held or the ability of a prospective buyer of the portfolio company to raise debt financing to fund its purchase. Furthermore, large holdings of publicly traded equity securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial period, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the disposition period. Contributing capital to these funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire amount of our specialized funds and our investors investments or the investment made by our funds. Poor investment performance could result in negative reputational effects, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, our specialized funds directly or indirectly invest in businesses with capital structures that have significant leverage. The leveraged capital structure of such businesses increases the exposure of the funds portfolio companies to 
 42 

adverse economic factors such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of such business or its industry. If these portfolio companies default on their indebtedness, or otherwise seek or are forced to restructure their obligations or declare bankruptcy, we could lose some or all our investment and suffer reputational harm. 
 
 The portfolio companies in which private markets funds have invested or may invest will sometimes involve a high degree of business and financial risk. These companies may be in an early stage of development, may not have a proven operating history, may be operating at a loss or have significant variations in operating results, may be engaged in a rapidly changing business with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, may be subject to extensive regulatory oversight, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position, may have a high level of leverage, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition. In addition, these portfolio companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. Portfolio companies in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be subject to additional risks, including changes in currency exchange rates, exchange control regulations, risks associated with different types (and lower quality) of available information, expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse political developments. 
 
 In addition, during periods of difficult market conditions, or slowdowns in a particular investment category, industry or region, portfolio companies may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased costs. During these periods, these companies may also have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations and may be unable to pay their expenses as they become due. A general market downturn or a specific market dislocation may result in lower investment returns for the private markets funds or portfolio companies in which our specialized investment vehicles invest, which consequently would materially and adversely affect investment returns for our specialized investment vehicles. 
 
 Our specialized investment vehicles may face risks relating to undiversified investments. 
 We cannot give assurance as to the degree of diversification that will be achieved in any of our specialized investment vehicles. Difficult market conditions or slowdowns affecting a particular asset class, geographic region or other category of investment could have a significant adverse impact on a given specialized investment vehicle if its investments are concentrated in that area, which would result in lower investment returns. Accordingly, a lack of diversification on the part of a specialized investment vehicle could adversely affect its investment performance and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our specialized investment vehicles make investments in funds and companies that we do not control. 
 Investments by most of our specialized investment vehicles will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Our specialized investment vehicles may invest through co-investment arrangements or acquire minority equity interests and may also dispose of a portion of their equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in their retaining a minority investment. Consequently, the performance of our specialized investment vehicles will depend significantly on the investment and other decisions made by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on the returns achieved by our specialized investment vehicles. Portfolio companies in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree. In addition, the majority stakeholders or our management may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. If any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of our investments and the investments we have made on behalf of investors could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result. 
 
 Investments by our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts may in many cases rank junior to investments made by other investors. 
 In many cases, the companies in which our specialized investment vehicles invest have indebtedness or equity securities or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investors investments in our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts. By their terms, these instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our investors investments. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which one or more of our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts hold an investment, holders of securities ranking senior to our investors investments would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investors investments. After repaying senior security holders, the 
 43 

company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our investors investments. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investors investments would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made from those assets. Also, during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, our ability to influence a company s affairs and to take actions to protect investments by our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts may be substantially less than that of those holding senior interests. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain our desired fee structure as a result of industry pressure from private markets investors to reduce fees, which could have a material adverse effect on our profit margins and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain our current fee structure for our funds as a result of industry pressure from private markets investors to reduce fees. In order to maintain our desired fee structure in a competitive environment, we must be able to continue to provide investors with investment returns and service that incentivize our investors to pay our desired fee rates. While in our acquisitions, we typically do not purchase the incentive fees, or carried interest, from the owners, but rather only acquire the management and advisory fees, which provide a stable source of extended-term revenue, we cannot assure that we will succeed in providing investment returns and service that will allow us to maintain our desired fee structure. Fee reductions on existing or future new business could have a material adverse effect on our profit margins and results of operations. 

Our risk management strategies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. 
 
 Risk management applies to our investment management operations as well as to the investments we make for our specialized investment vehicles. We have developed and continue to update strategies and procedures specific to our business for managing risks, which include market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and reputational risk. Management of these risks can be very complex. These strategies and procedures may fail under some circumstances, particularly if we are confronted with risks that we have underestimated or not identified. In addition, some of our methods for managing the risks related to our investors investments are based upon our analysis of historical private markets behavior. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations to arrive at quantifications of some of our risk exposures. Historical analysis of private markets returns requires reliance on valuations performed by fund managers, which may not be reliable measures of current valuations. These statistical methods may not accurately quantify our risk exposure if circumstances arise that were not observed in our historical data. In particular, as we enter new lines of business, our historical data may be incomplete. Failure of our risk management techniques could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the fund manager s right to receive incentive fees, which may result in a decrease in our management and advisory fee revenue. 

Restrictions on our ability to collect and analyze data regarding our investors investments could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our proprietary database supports our robust and disciplined sourcing criteria, which fuels our highly selective investment process. We rely on our database to provide a highly transparent, versatile and informative platform through which investors can track, monitor and diligence portfolios. We depend on the continuation of our relationships with the fund managers and sponsors of the underlying funds and investments to maintain current data on these investments and private markets activity. The termination of such relationships by a critical mass of such fund managers and sponsors or the imposition of widespread restrictions on our ability to use the data we obtain for our reporting and monitoring services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Operational risks, data security breaches, loss or leakage of data and other interruptions of our information technology systems or those of our third-party service providers may disrupt our business, compromise sensitive information related to our business, or prevent us from accessing critical information, which may result in losses or limit our growth. 
 
 We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, compliance, monitoring, reporting and other data processing systems. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information including but not limited to intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. A failure or interruption of our systems, including the loss of data, whether caused by fire, other natural disaster, power or telecommunications failure, service interruptions, system malfunction, computer viruses, acts of terrorism or war or otherwise, could result in a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage, and thus materially and adversely affect our 
 44 

business. Although we have back-up systems in place, including back-up data storage, our back-up procedures and capabilities in the event of a failure or interruption may not be adequate. In recent years, we have substantially upgraded and expanded the capabilities of our data processing systems and other operating technology, and we expect that we will need to continue to upgrade and expand these capabilities in the future to avoid disruption of, or constraints on, our operations. We may incur significant costs to further upgrade our data processing systems and other operating technology in the future. 
 
 We are dependent on the effectiveness of our information security policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data such systems contain or transmit. An external information security breach, such as a hacker attack, a virus or worm, or an internal problem with information protection, including inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt our business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. We may not be able to anticipate all types of security threats, and we may not be able to implement preventive measures effective against all such security threats. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as third-party service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, or hostile foreign governments or agencies. Any such failure or breach could result in material financial loss, regulatory actions, breach of investor contracts, reputational harm or legal liability. The costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and exceed the limits of the cybersecurity insurance we maintain against such risks. 
 
 As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to comply with new cyber-related regulations, continue to enhance our information security measures or investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service. This could also impact the cost and availability of cyber insurance to us. In the event we incur a cyber breach and it is advisable to disclose, such disclosure could cause harm to our operations. 
 
 Furthermore, significant disruptions of our information technology systems or security breaches could result in the loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, confidential information, which could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. For example, any such event that leads to unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal information, including personal information regarding our investors or employees, could harm our reputation directly, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure and reputational damages that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology and administration of our specialized funds. If the information technology systems of our third-party service providers become subject to disruptions or security breaches, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties and we may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the funds operations and could affect our reputation and hence adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may face damage to our professional reputation and legal liability if our services are not regarded as satisfactory or for other reasons. 
 
 As a leading provider of private market solutions, we depend to a large extent on our relationships with our investors and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors. As a result, if an investor is not satisfied with our services, such dissatisfaction may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses. The importance of our reputation may increase as we seek to expand our investor base and into new private markets. 
 
 In recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial advisors has been increasing. Our asset management and advisory activities may subject us to the risk of significant 
 45 

legal liabilities to our investors and third parties, including our investors stockholders or beneficiaries, under securities or other laws and regulations for materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities and other transactions. In our investment management business, we make investment decisions on behalf of our investors that could result in substantial losses. Any such losses also may subject us to the risk of legal and regulatory liabilities or actions alleging negligent misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty or breach of contract. These risks often may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We may incur significant legal expenses in defending litigation. In addition, litigation or regulatory action against us may tarnish our reputation and harm our ability to attract and retain investors. Substantial legal or regulatory liability could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. 

Our business depends on a strong and trusted brand, and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand would have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Investor and institutional recognition of the P10 trademark and related brands and the association of these brands with our products and services are an integral part of our business. The occurrence of any events or rumors that cause investors and/or institutions to no longer associate these brands with our products and services may materially adversely affect the value of our brand names and demand for our products and services. 
 
 In addition, trademarks or trade names that we own now or in the future may be challenged, infringed, declared generic, or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition with potential investors. Moreover, third parties may file for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks; if they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to develop brand recognition of our products and services. Furthermore, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

International operations are subject to certain risks, which may affect our revenue. 
 
 We intend to grow our non-U.S. business, including growth into new regions with which we have less familiarity and experience, and this growth is important to our overall success. While we have a significant presence within the middle and lower middle-market private markets industry in North America, where the majority of our capital is currently being deployed, we intend to leverage our differentiated solutions to serve our global investors. Our international operations, presently in existence or which we may establish in the future, carry special financial and business risks, which could include the following: 
 greater difficulties in managing and staffing foreign operations; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely affect our results; 

unexpected changes in trading policies, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers; 

longer transaction cycles; 

higher operating costs; 

local labor, protections conditions and regulations; 

adverse consequences or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; 

potentially adverse tax consequences, such as trapped foreign losses; 

less stable political and economic environments; 

terrorism, political hostilities, war, outbreak of disease and other civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity; 

cultural and language barriers and the need to adopt different business practices in different geographic areas; and 

46 

difficulty collecting fees and, if necessary, enforcing judgments. 

As part of our day-to-day operations outside the United States, we would be required to create compensation programs, employment policies, compliance policies and procedures and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. We would also be required to communicate and monitor standards and directives across our global operations. Our failure to successfully manage and grow our geographically diverse operations could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with non-U.S. standards and procedures. 
 
 Any payment of distributions, loans or advances to and from our subsidiaries could be subject to restrictions on or taxation of dividends or repatriation of earnings under applicable local law, monetary transfer restrictions, foreign currency exchange regulations in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate or other restrictions imposed by current or future agreements, including debt instruments, to which our non-U.S. subsidiaries may be a party. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted, possibly materially, if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of international operations in a volatile environment. If our international business increases relative to our total business, these factors could have a more pronounced effect on our operating results or growth prospects. 

We are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. 
 
 Many of our funds depend on the services of custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions and other administrative services. We are subject to risks of errors and mistakes made by these third parties, which may be attributed to us and subject us or our investors to reputational damage, penalties or losses. The terms of the contracts with these third-party service providers are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight. We may be unsuccessful in seeking reimbursement or indemnification from these third-party service providers. 
 
 Our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. Any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. Moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. This inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur. In addition, our risk-management models may not accurately anticipate the effects of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses. 
 
 In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. As a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the custodian s or counterparty s unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as collateral. In addition, our funds cash held with a custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the custodian s or counterparty s own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance 
 47 

Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Access to funding sources and other credit arrangements by us, investors in our funds, and our co-investors could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. 
 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us, investors in our funds or our co-investors to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our financial or other obligations. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to fully utilize our net operating loss NOL and other tax carryforwards which may have the effect of devaluing significant deferred tax assets of the company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 177 million of federal NOL carryforwards, a portion of which will expire each year if not used to reduce taxable income. Our ability to utilize NOLs and other tax carryforwards to reduce taxable income in future years could be limited for various reasons, including if we had one or more ownership changes under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 382 ), if future taxable income is insufficient to recognize the full benefit of such NOL carryforwards prior to their expiration and/or if the IRS successfully asserts that a transaction or transactions were concluded with the principal purpose of evasion or avoidance of U.S. federal income tax. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient taxable income in later years to enable us to use the NOLs before they expire, or that the IRS will not successfully challenge the use of all or any portion of the NOLs. 
 
 Section 382 subjects us to limitations in the use of NOLs if we experience an ownership change. For the purposes of Section 382, an ownership occurs if the owner shift, as calculated under Section 382 is greater than 50 . We are uncertain if subsequent offerings will increase the owner shift to be greater than 50 . 
 
 If an owner shift as calculated under Section 382 greater than 50 occurs, we will be limited in our ability to realize a tax benefit from the use of our deferred tax assets, whether or not we are profitable in future years. These consequences include, without limitation, limiting the amount of federal NOL that can be used to offset taxable income to the Section 382 annual limitation. Generally, the annual limitation equals the product of (i) the fair market value of all of our outstanding equity immediately prior to the ownership change, multiplied by (ii) the applicable federal long-term, tax-exempt rate. 
 
 In addition, if we have a net unrealized built-in gain (generally determined by comparing market capitalization plus total liabilities to the adjusted tax basis of assets) at the time of the ownership change, certain built-in gains recognized within five years after the ownership change (the recognition period may increase the amount of the otherwise available annual limitation. Any such recognized built-in gains that are unused may be carried forward to later post-change years. Internal Revenue Service IRS Notice 2003-65 provides an approach which treats built-in gain assets of our Company as generating recognized built-in gain each year without regard to whether such assets are not disposed of at a gain during the recognition period. However, in September 2019 the IRS released proposed Section 382 regulations that would eliminate the beneficial provisions of IRS Notice 2003-65. If finalized as proposed, these regulations would limit the increase in the annual Section 382 limitation for recognized built-in gains to those gains that are actually realized through the disposition of built-in gain assets. These regulations have not been finalized but provide for an effective date of 30 days after the final regulations are published. For transactions that have been announced to the public or for which a binding commitment has been entered into when the final regulations are published, the provisions of IRS Notice 2003-65 should still be available. 
 
 48 

The unused portion of the recognized built-in gain carries forward to later post-change years. We have not calculated any recognized built-in gain with respect to the potential ownership change but we expect to do so subsequent to such ownership change and would expect to apply for such recognition. 
 
 The collectability of revenue under the Advisory Services Agreement is dependent on future cash flows of Enhanced PC. While we expect Enhanced PC s cash flows to be sufficient such that it is probable that we will collect all of the promised consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to Enhanced PC, we cannot assure you that the cash flows will be sufficient and we may not collect all of the promised consideration. 
 
 Upon the closing of P10 s acquisition of ECG and non-controlling interest in Enhanced PC (as defined below), the Advisory Services Agreement between ECG and Enhanced PC immediately became effective. Under this agreement, ECG provides advisory services to Enhanced PC related to the assets and operations of the subsidiaries owned by Enhanced PC, which consists of the entities contributed by both ECG and ECP. In exchange for those services, ECG receives advisory fees from Enhanced PC based on a fixed fee schedule under which annual fees decline between 1.0 million and 4.0 million each year, totaling 76.0 million over 7 years. The services contemplated under the Advisory Services Agreement did not previously generate revenues when the Permanent Capital Subsidiaries (as defined below) were owned by ECG. We have assessed the collectability of these revenues in light of the observed losses associated with the Permanent Capital Subsidiaries which were contributed to Enhanced PC and will represent substantially all of the operations of Enhanced PC. We have evaluated the expected future cash flows of Enhanced PC, which are expected to be sufficient such that it is probable that we will collect all of the promised consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to Enhanced PC. However, there can be no assurance that Enhanced PC will achieve the expected future cash flows and would result in us not collecting all of the promised consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to Enhanced PC. 
 
 Rising interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity, the financial condition of our investors and the financial condition of the end customers who ultimately create demand for the capital we supply, all of which could negatively affect demand for our capital. Additionally, an increase in interest rates could make it difficult for us to obtain financing at attractive rates, impacting our ability to execute on our growth strategies or future acquisitions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 
 The investment management and investment advisory business is intensely competitive. 
 
 The investment management and investment advisory business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to investors, brand recognition and business reputation. We compete with a variety of traditional and alternative asset management firms, commercial banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several factors serve to increase our competitive risks: 
 some of our competitors have more relevant experience, greater financial and other resources and more personnel than we do; 

there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new asset management firms, including a relatively low cost of entering these lines of business, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various lines of business have resulted in increased competition; 

some of our competitors have recently raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital, and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities that our funds seek to exploit; 

some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors funds or other available investment products; 

several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit; 

if, as we expect, allocation of assets to alternative investment strategies increases, there may be increased competition for alternative investments and access to fund general partners and managers; 

49 

certain investors may prefer to invest with private partnerships rather than a public company; 

other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us; 

some of our competitors may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated to the extent potential changes to the Code limit the deductibility of interest expense; 

some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities; 

some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do; 

some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their investors; and 

some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region than we do. 

This competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and restrict our ability to raise future funds, either of which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business by reducing the market value of the assets we manage or causing our customized separate account investors to reduce their investments in private markets. 
 The future global market and economic climate may deteriorate because of many factors beyond our control, including rising interest rates or inflation, reduced availability of credit, changes in laws and regulation, terrorism or political uncertainty and severe public health events such as, for example, the recent global COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, volatility and disruption in the equity and credit markets can adversely affect the portfolio companies in which private markets funds invest and adversely affect the investment performance of our funds and advisory accounts. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these market conditions. Market deterioration could cause us, the specialized investment vehicles we manage or the funds in which they invest to experience tightening of liquidity, reduced earnings and cash flow, and impairment charges, as well as challenges in raising additional capital, obtaining investment financing and making investments on attractive terms. These market conditions can also have an impact on our ability and the ability of funds in which we and our investors invest to liquidate positions in a timely and efficient manner. More costly and restrictive financing also may adversely impact the returns of our co-investments in leveraged buyout transactions and therefore, adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of our co-investment funds. 
 
 Our business could generate lower revenue in a general economic downturn or a tightening of global credit markets. These conditions may result in reduced opportunities to find suitable investments and make it more difficult for us, or for the funds in which we and our investors invest, to exit and realize value from existing investments, potentially resulting in a decline in the value of the investments held in our investors portfolios. Such a decline could cause our revenue and net income to decline by causing some of our investors to reduce their investments in private markets in favor of investments they perceive as offering greater opportunity or lower risk, which would result in lower fees being paid to us. 
 
 A general economic downturn, prolonged periods of inflation, increased interest rates or a tightening of global credit markets may also reduce the commitments our investors are able to devote to alternative investments generally and make it more difficult for the funds in which we invest to obtain funding for additional investments at attractive rates, which would further reduce our profitability. 
 
 While our financial profile features a highly predictable, recurring revenue stream of virtually all management and advisory fees, earned primarily on committed capital from long-term, contractually locked up funds, our profitability may be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. If our revenue declines without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. Accordingly, difficult market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 50 

Increased government regulation, compliance failures and changes in law or regulation could adversely affect us. 
 Governmental authorities around the world in recent years have called for or implemented financial system and participant regulatory reform in reaction to volatility and disruption in the global financial markets, financial institution failures and financial frauds. Such reform includes, among other things, additional regulation of investment funds, as well as their managers and activities, including compliance and risk management oversight; restrictions on specific types of investments and the provision and use of leverage; implementation of capital requirements; limitations on compensation to managers; and books and records, reporting and disclosure requirements. We cannot predict with certainty the impact on us, our funds or separate accounts, or on private markets funds generally, of any such reforms. Any of these regulatory reform measures could have an adverse effect on our funds and separate accounts investment strategies or our business model. We may incur significant expense to comply with such reform measures. Additionally, legislation, including proposed legislation regarding executive compensation and taxation of carried interest, may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 
 Our advisory and investment management businesses are subject to regulation in the United States, including by the SEC, the Small Business Administration SBA ), the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and other regulatory agencies, pursuant to, among other laws, the Investment Advisers Act, the Securities Act, the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code ), the Commodity Exchange Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any change in such regulation or oversight may have a material adverse impact on our operating results. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our registration as an investment adviser. Even if a sanction imposed against us or our personnel is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions against us by regulators could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or fail to gain new investors. We also may rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of compliance. Any failure, interruption or deterioration of the services of such third-party service providers could materially adversely affect our ability to provide services to our clients, harm our reputation, business or results of operations or result in regulatory intervention. 
 
 As a result of highly publicized financial scandals, investors have exhibited concerns over the integrity of the U.S. financial markets, and the regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to further regulation in addition to those rules already promulgated. For example, there are a significant number of regulations that may affect our business under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd- Frank Act and other recent SEC proposed or adopted rules. The SEC recently proposed rules that would overhaul the regulation of the private fund industry, to significantly increase disclosure requirements and impose substantive requirements and prohibitions on fund advisory contracts, and if these rules are adopted as proposed, will increase our investment advisors compliance monitoring and reporting obligations, resulting in increased costs of compliance, and may require certain changes to our practices. The SEC recently proposed rules that would significantly change how investment advisers manage and safeguard client assets by expanding the custody rule to apply to all client assets held in its advisory account, and if adopted as proposed, will introduce new challenges and costs to our investment advisory business. In January and August 2022, the SEC proposed rules to significantly increase the amount of information required to be included in private fund reporting, and if adopted as proposed, could significantly increase compliance costs associated with our reporting requirements. The SEC has increased its regulation of the asset management and private equity industries in recent years, focusing on the private equity industry s fees, allocation of expenses to funds, valuation practices, allocation of fund investment opportunities, marketing and advertising, disclosures to fund investors, the allocation of broken-deal expenses and general conflicts of interest disclosures. The SEC has also heightened its focus on the valuation processes employed by investment advisers. The lack of readily ascertainable market prices for many of the investments made by our funds or separate accounts or the funds in which we invest could subject our valuation policies and processes to increased scrutiny by the SEC. We may be adversely affected because of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. Following the exit of the United Kingdom UK from the EU we can no longer rely on passporting privileges that allow issuers approved in the UK to raise capital in EU jurisdictions without restrictions. If we intend to raise capital in any EU jurisdiction, we may become subject to new and increased regulations and we may also be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by EU state governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. 
 
 51 

In addition, global climate change and global climate change transitions could lead to new or enhanced regulation, which may be difficult or costly to comply with, or impact assets that we invest in, which may result in realized and unrealized losses in future periods that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or financial position. It is not possible to foresee the impacts of potential future climate regulation, or which, if any, assets, industries or markets may be materially and adversely affected by global climate change and global climate change transitions, nor is it possible to foresee the magnitude of such effects. The SEC has recently proposed rules that would require substantial standardized climate-related disclosure, and if adopted as proposed, could increase our costs for compliance. 
 
 To the extent that one or more Advisers is a fiduciary under ERISA, with respect to benefit plan investors, it is subject to ERISA, and to regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA and applicable provisions of the Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving ERISA plan investors and provide monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. Our failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a court could find that one of our co-investment funds has formed a partnership-in-fact conducting a trade or business and would therefore be jointly and severally liable for the portfolio company s unfunded pension liabilities. 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of P10 are registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Investment Advisers Act. Such requirements relate to, among other things, restrictions on entering transactions with investors, maintaining an effective compliance program, incentive fees, solicitation arrangements, allocation of investments, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and their advisory investors, as well as general anti-fraud prohibitions. As a registered investment adviser, each Adviser has fiduciary duties to its investors. A failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Advisers Act, including recordkeeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities, could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Several of the Advisers provide investment advisory and other services to funds which operate as Small Business Investment Companies SBICs and are licensed by the SBA. SBICs supply small businesses with financing in both the equity and debt arenas. There are various requirements that apply to SBICs under SBA rules and regulations. These rules and regulations are sometimes highly complex. The SBA is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of rules and regulations applicable to SBICs, including forcing the liquidation of an SBIC. The failure of an Adviser to comply with the requirements of the SBA could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Many of our separate accounts and funds are not registered under the Investment Company Act because we generally only form separate accounts for, and offer interests in our funds to, persons who we reasonably believe to be qualified purchasers as defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, certain funds are not registered under the Investment Company Act because we limit such funds to 100 or fewer persons as defined in the Investment Company Act. Certain WTI funds are registered under the Investment Company Act and must comply with the reporting and governance requirements of the Investment Company Act. Compliance with the Investment Company Act can be complex and failure to comply can result in significant fines, penalties, loss to reputation and other material adverse effects on us. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and protection. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations and actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions to our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue and profits; and other adverse business impacts. 
 
 We are subject to numerous data privacy and protection obligations such as various federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and guidance; industry standards; external and internal privacy notices and policies; contracts; and other obligations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, use and other processing of personal information by us and on our behalf. These obligations may change, are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among relevant jurisdictions in which we operate or from which we collect personal information. The data privacy and protection landscape continues to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, and there has been an increasing focus on data privacy and protection issues with the potential to impact our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business; affect us or our collaborators , service providers , and others ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer, use, share and otherwise process personal information; necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts; cause us to modify our business operations; result in liabilities; or otherwise impose additional compliance costs on us. The cost of compliance with these obligations is high and is likely to increase in the future. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and protection obligations, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. 
 52 

Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely fail to comply with such obligations. For example, any failure by a service provider to comply with applicable data privacy or protection law, regulations, contractual or other obligations could result in adverse impacts against us. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and protection obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections and similar activities); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal information; orders to destroy or not use personal information; imprisonment of company officials; public censure; damage to our reputation; loss of revenue and profits; loss of goodwill; and other adverse business impacts, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In the United States, there are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations relating to personal information privacy and protection. For example, at a federal level, we may be subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA that applies to financial institutions and requires regulated entities to implement and maintain certain data privacy and security safeguards. At the state level, certain states have enacted comprehensive laws governing personal information of consumers, employees and business representatives. For example, we may be subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), as amended. The CCPA, similar to other state privacy laws, imposes obligations that include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording residents certain rights related to their personal information. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation) and provides that a new government agency may implement and enforce the CCPA which could increase the risk of an enforcement action. While the CCPA and other state privacy laws (such as that of Virginia) may contain limited exceptions for financial institutions subject to, for example, the GLBA, these laws implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. If we are or may become subject to state data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement actions against us could increase because we may be subject to additional obligations, and the number of individuals or entities that can initiate actions against us may increase (including individuals via a private right of action and state actors). Further, certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, foreign or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate our compliance efforts. 
 
 In addition, 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and certain other foreign jurisdictions have enacted data breach notification laws that may require us to notify investors, employees, regulators and others in the event of a security breach (for example, unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal information experienced by us or our service providers). These laws may not be consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach may be difficult and costly. We may also be contractually required or otherwise obligated to notify investors and others of a security breach. Although we may have contractual protections against our service providers should they experience a security breach, any actual or perceived security breach could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability and require us to expend significant resources on data security as well as in responding to any such actual or perceived breach. Any contractual protections we may have against relevant counterparties may not be sufficient to protect adequately us from any such liabilities and losses, and we may be unable to enforce any such contractual protections. 
 
 Internationally, many jurisdictions have established their own data privacy and protection legal frameworks with which we may need to comply. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR imposes strict requirements on the processing of personal information. Under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on personal information processing. Potential monetary fines for noncompliance with the EU GDPR are significant up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of global turnover. The EU GDPR provides that European Union EU member states may introduce further conditions, including limitations, to make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal information which could limit our ability to collect, use and share European personal information, or could cause our compliance costs to increase, ultimately having an adverse impact on our business, and harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions, including the EU, UK and China, have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal information transfer laws, which may make it more difficult to transfer personal information across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal information that originates in the EU or in other foreign jurisdictions). Existing mechanisms that facilitate cross-border personal information transfers may change or be invalidated. If we cannot implement and maintain valid compliance mechanisms for cross-border personal information transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against processing or transferring personal information from Europe or elsewhere. We may have to implement different personal information processing activities to address these data localization 
 53 

and cross-border personal information transfer laws. As we expand into countries and jurisdictions outside the U.S., we may be subject to additional data privacy and protection laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. 
 
 Evolving laws and government regulations could adversely affect us. 
 
 Governmental regulation of the global financial markets and financial institutions is intense and is continually evolving. This includes regulation of investment funds, as well as their managers and activities, through the implementation of compliance, risk management and anti-money laundering procedures; restrictions on specific types of investments and the provision and use of leverage; capital requirements; limitations on compensation to fund managers; and books and records, reporting and disclosure requirements. The effects on us, our funds, or on private markets funds generally, of future regulation, or of changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing regulation, could have an adverse effect on our funds investment strategies or our business model. Policy changes and regulatory reform by the U.S. federal government may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds portfolio companies. 
 
 Ongoing political developments could adversely impact our investment management and investment advisory businesses. The financial services industry is currently experiencing an uncertain political and regulatory environment. The U.S. federal government has recently been pursuing deregulatory measures, including changes to the Volcker Rule, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, capital and liquidity requirements, the Financial Stability Oversight Council s authority and other aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act. Various proposals focused on deregulation of the U.S. financial services industry may have the effect of increasing competition for our businesses. For example, increased competition from banks and other financial institutions in the credit markets could have the effect of reducing credit spreads, which may adversely affect the revenues we receive from our credit and other funds whose strategies include the provision of credit to borrowers. On the other hand, it is also possible that the financial services industry may face an increasingly difficult political and regulatory environment. U.S. politicians have expressed support for policies that call for greater regulatory oversight of the financial services industry, including the private equity industry. If these proposals were to become policy such developments could potentially have a material adverse effect on our business and the business of the funds in which our funds and our other investors invest. 
 
 Governmental policy changes and regulatory or tax reform could also have a material effect on our funds. For example, regulatory or tax reform in jurisdictions where we may be conducting business and jurisdictions in which our investors in our funds are located may increase administrative costs, increase taxes borne by our funds or our investors, or otherwise adversely affect our funds or our ability to successfully fundraise on behalf of our funds. A prolonged environment of regulatory uncertainty may make the identification of attractive investment opportunities and the deployment of capital more challenging. In addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory and other changes that may have a material effect on the businesses in which we choose to invest. The failure to accurately predict the possible outcome of policy changes and regulatory reform could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds investments and our revenues. 
 
 In recent years, the United States has imposed tariffs on various products imported into the United States. These tariffs have resulted in, and may continue to trigger, retaliatory actions by affected countries, including the imposition of tariffs on the United States by other countries. Certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing trade sanctions on certain U.S. goods and denying U.S. companies access to critical raw materials. Governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies, could increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from outside of the United States. In addition, if we fail to monitor and adapt to changes in policy and the regulations to which we are or may become subject, we could be subject to enforcement actions, which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

The IRS could challenge the amount, timing and/or use of our NOL carryforwards, and new information could also impact the usability of our NOL carryforwards. 
 
 The amount of our NOL carryforwards has not been audited or otherwise validated by the IRS. Among other things, the IRS could challenge the amount, the timing and/or our use of our NOLs. Any such challenge, if successful, could significantly limit our ability to utilize a portion or all our NOL carryforwards. In addition, calculating whether an ownership change has occurred within the meaning of Section 382 is subject to inherent uncertainty, both because of the complexity of applying Section 382 and because of limitations on a publicly traded and over-the-counter traded company s knowledge as to 
 54 

the ownership of, and transactions in, its securities. Moreover, future offerings may result in an ownership change under Section 382, as discussed above, depending on the amount of stock we issue. Therefore, the calculation of the amount of our utilizable NOL carryforwards could be changed as a result of a successful challenge by the IRS or as a result of new information about the ownership of, and transactions in, our securities. 
 
 Possible changes in legislation could negatively affect our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards. 
 
 The rules relating to U.S. federal income taxation are periodically under review by persons involved in the legislative and administrative rulemaking processes, by the IRS and by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes, including decreases in the tax rate. Future revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely impact our ability to use some or all of the tax benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards, even if these carryforwards are not otherwise subject to limitation, as described above, or in addition to such other limitations. 

Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the IRS or a court may disagree with tax positions taken by us, which may result in adverse effects on our financial condition or the value of our common stock. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly affected U.S. tax law, including by changing how the U.S. imposes tax on certain types of income of corporations and by reducing the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to 21 . It also imposed new limitations on several tax benefits, including deductions for business interest, use of net operating loss carryforwards, taxation of foreign income, and the foreign tax credit, among others. 
 
 The CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, further amended the U.S. federal tax code, including in respect of certain changes that were made by the TCJA, generally on a temporary basis. There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of the corporate income tax significantly, impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits, or make other changes that may adversely affect our business, cash flows or financial performance. In addition, the IRS has yet to issue guidance on a few important issues regarding the changes made by the TCJA and the CARES Act. In the absence of such guidance, we will take positions with respect to several unsettled issues. There is no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree with the positions taken by us, in which case tax penalties and interest may be imposed that could adversely affect our business, cash flows or financial performance. 
 
 Other future changes in tax laws or regulations, or the interpretation thereof, tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration and the practices of tax authorities could adversely affect us. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the tax rate applicable to operating income, investment income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends paid, or the taxation of partnerships and other passthrough entities. For example, in August 2022, the United States enacted a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks by public companies and a 15 alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income as part of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. We are unable to predict what tax reform may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes could affect our financial position and overall or effective tax rates in the future, reduce after-tax returns to our stockholders, and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. If our effective tax rate increases, our operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected. Our effective income tax rate can vary significantly between periods due to a few complex factors including, but not limited to, projected levels of taxable income, tax audits conducted and settled by tax authorities, and adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of income tax returns. 

Federal, state and foreign anti-corruption and sanctions laws create the potential for significant liabilities and penalties and reputational harm. 
 
 We are also subject to several laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to political persons or other third parties, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA as well as trade sanctions and export control laws administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State. The FCPA is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign governments and their officials and political parties and requires public companies and investment advisers in the United States to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect those companies transactions. OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce various export control laws and regulations, including economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations and 
 55 

individuals. These laws and regulations relate to a few aspects of our business, including servicing existing fund investors, finding new fund investors, and sourcing new investments, as well as activities by the portfolio companies in our investment portfolio or other controlled investments. 
 
 Similar laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as EU sanctions or the U.K. Bribery Act, as well as other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, or sanction or other export control laws in the U.S. and abroad, may also impose stricter or more onerous requirements than the FCPA, OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State, and implementing them may disrupt our business or cause us to incur significantly more costs to comply with those laws. Different laws may also contain conflicting provisions, making compliance with all laws more difficult. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to claims for damages, civil or criminal financial penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of our employees, restrictions on our operations and other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may be subject to successor liability for FCPA violations or other acts of bribery, or violations of applicable sanctions or other export control laws committed by companies in which we or our funds invest or which we or our funds acquire. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA and other anti-corruption, sanctions and export control laws in jurisdictions in which we operate, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption, sanctions or export control laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations or the market value of our Class A common stock. 

Regulation of investment advisors outside the United States could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 
 While the majority of our capital deployment is in the United States, we provide investment advisory and other services and raise funds in a number of countries and jurisdictions outside the United States. In many of these countries and jurisdictions, which include the European Union and the Cayman Islands, we and our operations, and in some cases our personnel, are subject to regulatory oversight and requirements. In general, these requirements relate to registration, licenses for our personnel, periodic inspections, the provision and filing of periodic reports, and obtaining certifications and other approvals. Across the EU, we are subject to the European Union Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive AIFMD ), under which we are subject to regulatory requirements regarding, among other things, registration for marketing activities, the structure of remuneration for certain of our personnel and reporting obligations. Individual member states of the EU have imposed additional requirements that may include internal arrangements with respect to risk management, liquidity risks, asset valuations, and the establishment and security of depository and custodial requirements. Because some EEA countries have not yet incorporated the AIFMD into their agreement with the EU, we may undertake marketing activities and provide services in those EEA countries only in compliance with applicable local laws. Outside the EEA, the regulations to which we are subject primarily to registration and reporting obligations. 
 
 It is expected that additional laws and regulations will come into force in the EEA, the EU and other countries in which we operate over the coming years. These laws and regulations may affect our costs and manner of conducting business in one or more markets, the risks of doing business, the assets that we manage or advise, and our ability to raise capital from investors. Any failure by us to comply with either existing or new laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to increasing scrutiny from institutional investors with respect to ESG costs of investments made by our funds, which may constrain investment opportunities for our funds and adversely affect our ability to raise capital from such investors. 
 
 In recent years, certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on environmental, social and governance ESG implications of investments made by private equity and other funds to which they commit capital. Certain investors have also demonstrated increased activism with respect to existing investments, including by urging asset managers to take certain actions that could adversely affect the value of an investment, or refrain from taking certain actions that could improve the value of an investment. At times, investors have conditioned future capital commitments on the taking or refraining from taking of such actions. Investors increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may constrain our investment opportunities. In addition, institutional investors may decide to not commit capital to future fundraises as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of the ESG cost of investments made by us. To 
 56 

the extent our access to capital from such investors is impaired, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our products investments. 
 
 There is evidence of global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our products and their investments may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our investments if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our investments financial condition through, for example, decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. 

Volatile market, political and economic conditions can adversely affect investments made by our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts. 
 
 Since 2008, there has been continued volatility and disruption in the global financial markets. Volatility and disruption in the equity and credit markets could adversely affect the portfolio companies in which the private markets funds invest, which, in turn, would adversely affect the performance of our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts. For example, the lack of available credit or the increased cost of credit may materially and adversely affect the performance of funds that rely heavily on leverage such as leveraged buyout funds. Disruptions in the debt and equity markets may make it more difficult for funds to exit and realize value from their investments, because potential buyers of portfolio companies may not be able to finance acquisitions and the equity markets may become unfavorable for initial public offerings. In addition, the volatility will directly affect the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and may adversely affect the valuation of the investments of our specialized investment vehicles and advisory accounts. Any or all of these factors may result in lower investment returns. Governmental authorities have undertaken, and may continue to undertake, a variety of initiatives designed to strengthen and stabilize the economy and the financial markets. However, there can be no assurance that these initiatives will be successful, and there is no way to predict the ultimate impact of the disruption or the effect that these initiatives will have on the performance of our specialized investment vehicles or advisory accounts. 
 
 Investments in many industries have experienced significant volatility over the last several years. The ability to realize investments depends not only on our investments and the investments made by the private markets funds and portfolio companies in which we invest and their respective results and prospects, but also on political and economic conditions, which are out of our control. Continued volatility in political or economic conditions, including an outbreak or escalation of major hostilities, declarations of war, terrorist actions or other substantial national or international calamities or emergencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 A change of control of our company, including the occurrence of a Sunset, could result in an assignment of our investment advisory agreements. 
 
 Under the Investment Advisers Act, each of the investment advisory agreements for the funds and other accounts we manage must provide that it may not be assigned without the consent of the particular fund or other investor. An assignment may occur under the Investment Advisers Act if, among other things, an Adviser undergoes a change of control. After a Sunset becomes effective, the Class B common stock will convert into Class A common stock that is one vote per share instead of ten votes per share, and the Controlled Company Agreement will expire, meaning that the Class B Holders party thereto will no longer control the appointment of directors or be able to direct the vote on all matters that are submitted to our stockholders for a vote. These events could be deemed a change of control of an Adviser, and thus an assignment. If such a deemed assignment occurs, we cannot be certain that each Adviser will be able to obtain the necessary consents from its funds and other investors, which could cause us to lose the management fees and advisory fees we earn from such funds and other investors. 
 
 57 

If we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as a result of our ownership of our subsidiaries, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 An issuer will generally be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act if: 
 it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or 

absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. 

We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing alternative asset management investment services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an alternative asset management investment firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that either P10 or any subsidiary is or will be, an orthodox investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act and described in the first bullet point above. Further, P10 does not have significant assets other than its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries and voting interests of certain general partner entities for our sponsored funds. The general partner entities hold no underlying assets other than being parties to the investment management agreements with our Advisors for their respective funds and serve to allocate carried interest to employees of the Advisors. We do not believe the equity interests of P10 in its wholly owned subsidiaries or the voting interests in the general partners of these subsidiaries are investment securities. As a result, we believe that less than 40 of P10 s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis comprises assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe P10 is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40 test in section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act as described in the second bullet point above. In addition, we believe P10 is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the Investment Company Act because it is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. 
 
 The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options, and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that P10 will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if anything were to happen that would cause P10 to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among the Advisors, the general partners, the funds, us or our senior leadership team, or any combination thereof and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The protective provision contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which is intended to help preserve the value of certain income tax assets, primarily tax net operating loss carryforwards, may have unintended negative effects. We also have a shareholder rights plan to provide similar protection. 
 
 Pursuant to Code Sections 382 and 383, use of our NOLs may be limited by an ownership change as defined under Section 382 of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. In order to protect the Company s significant NOLs, we included a provision to protect our NOLs in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Protective Provision ). 
 
 The Protective Provision is designed to assist the Company in protecting the long-term value of its accumulated NOLs by limiting certain transfers of the Company s common stock. The Protective Provision s transfer restrictions generally restrict any direct or indirect transfers of the common stock if the effect would be to increase the direct or indirect ownership of the common stock by any person from less than 4.99 to 4.99 or more of the common stock, or increase the percentage of the common stock owned directly or indirectly by a person owning or deemed to own 4.99 or more of the common stock (with percentage ownership determined under applicable U.S. federal income tax rules). Any direct or indirect transfer 
 58 

attempted in violation of the Protective Provision will be void as of the date of the prohibited transfer as to the purported transferee. 
 
 The Protective Provision also requires any person attempting to become a holder of 4.99 or more of our common stock to seek the approval of our Board. We also have a shareholder rights plan that prohibits anyone becoming a holder of 4.99 or more of our common stock (as determined for tax purposes) without prior board of directors approval. 
 
 The Protective Provision and shareholder rights plan may have an unintended anti-takeover effect because our Board may be able to prevent any future takeover. Similarly, any limits on the amount of stock that a shareholder may own could have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to replace current management. Additionally, because the Protective Provision may have the effect of restricting a shareholder s ability to dispose of or acquire our common stock, the liquidity and market value of our common stock might suffer. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, and the federal district courts as the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain what such stockholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other employees, or agents. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we, in writing, select or consent to the selection of an alternative forum, all complaints asserting any internal corporate claims (defined as claims, including claims in the right of our company: (i) that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer, employee, or stockholder in such capacity; or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery), to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, subject matter jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware). Further, unless we select or consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our choice-of-forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. It is possible that a court may find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, in which case we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic severely disrupted the global financial markets and business climate and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Beginning in March 2020, the global financial markets and business climate have been adversely affected by the global outbreak of COVID-19. The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic throughout the world led many countries to institute a variety of measures, including stay-at-home orders, restrictions on travel, bans on public gatherings, the closing of nonessential businesses or limiting their hours of operation, and other restrictions on businesses and their operations, to contain viral spread. These measures in turn caused reductions in demand for certain goods and services, reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and significant financial market volatility. While many of the initial restrictions have been relaxed or lifted to generate more economic activity, the risk of future COVID-19 outbreaks remains, and restrictions have been and may continue to be imposed to mitigate risks to public health in jurisdictions where additional outbreaks have been detected. Moreover, even where restrictions are and remain lifted, the availability of viable treatment options could lead people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at prepandemic levels for a prolonged period, potentially further delaying global economic recovery. As a result, we are unable to predict the ultimate duration and adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. COVID-19 has impacted, and may further impact, our business in various ways. 
 
 59 

We believe COVID-19 s future adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations will be 
 significantly driven by a number of factors that we are unable to predict or control, including, for example: the severity and duration of the pandemic, including the availability of a treatment for COVID-19; the pandemic s impact on global financial markets and business conditions; the timing, scope and effectiveness of additional governmental responses to the pandemic; the timing and path of economic recovery; and the negative impact on our investors, third-party fund managers, counterparties, investee portfolio companies, vendors and other business partners that may indirectly adversely affect us. 

Fulfilling our public company financial reporting and other regulatory obligations is expensive and time consuming. 
 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the NYSE, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting and implementation of public company corporate governance practices. We expect that compliance with these requirements will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. We may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur as a result of becoming a public company or the timing of such costs. 
 
 Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as regulatory and governing bodies provide new guidance. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We will continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information as a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If the claims are successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified colleagues, executive officers and members of our board of directors. 
 
 We also expect that operating as a public company will make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance on desired terms. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors or our board committees or to serve as executive officers. 

60 

We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and, as a result, we qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 
 So long as no Sunset has occurred, the Class B stockholders who are party to the Controlled Company Agreement hold approximately 60 of the Company s outstanding voting power and thereby control the outcome of matters submitted to a stockholder vote. As a result of the voting power held by those Class B stockholders who are party to the Controlled Company Agreement, we qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement that (i) a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (ii) director nominees be selected or recommended to the board by independent directors and (iii) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting do not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 that we will eventually be required to meet as a public company. 
 
 Section 404 defines the requirements for attestation of internal controls over financial reporting. Section 404(a) requires management to provide an annual attestation of the adequacy of design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) adds the requirement to obtain an opinion over the design and effectiveness of controls from a company s independent registered public accounting firm. Emerging growth companies are exempt from this requirement for a period of five years, or until it no longer qualifies as an emerging growth company, whichever occurs first. We maintain internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404(a), which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. At such time as we are to acquire an attestation, confidence in the reliability of our financial statements is likely to suffer if our independent registered public accounting firm reports a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting. This could materially and adversely affect us and lead to a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. In addition, we will incur incremental costs in order to improve our internal control over financial reporting and comply with Section 404, including increased auditing and legal fees and costs associated with hiring additional accounting, operational and administrative staff. We may need to hire additional personnel to design and apply controls to areas of significant complex transactions and technical accounting matters once we are a public company. 
 
 As an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) until the later of either the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
 
 The disparity in the voting rights among the classes of our common stock and inability of the holders of our Class A common stock to influence decisions submitted to a vote of our stockholders may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on almost all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitle the respective holders to identical non-economic rights, except that each share of our Class A common stock will entitle its holder to one vote on all matters to be voted on by stockholders generally, while each share of our Class B common stock will entitle its holder to ten votes until a Sunset becomes effective. After a Sunset becomes effective, each share of our Class B common stock will convert into Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Class B Holders have approximately 95 of the combined voting power of our common stock. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. The difference in voting rights could adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock to the extent that investors view, or any potential future purchaser of our company views, the superior voting rights and implicit control of the Class B common stock to have value. 

61 

Our dual class structure may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our dual class structure may result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers restrict inclusion of companies with dual or multiple class share structures in certain of their indexes, including the S P 500. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of dual or multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure of our common stock may prevent the inclusion of our Class A common stock in certain indices and may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. Any such exclusion from indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could also adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. 

We are an emerging growth company, and reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to continue to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering. We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock, and the price of our Class A common stock may be more volatile. 

We may pay dividends to our stockholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure and applicable provisions of Delaware law. 
 We may pay cash dividends to our stockholders. Our board of directors may, in its discretion, decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our stockholders is subject to Delaware law (which may limit the amount of funds available for dividends). If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient distributions from our business, we may not be able to make, or may be required to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our Class A common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that: 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, chief executive officer(s), or the chairman of our board of directors; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

62 

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; and 

reflect two classes of common stock, as discussed above. 

These and other provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, we will be a Delaware corporation and governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Section 203 of the DGCL generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. While we have elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have similar effects as Section 203 of the DGCL, except that they provide that the Sunset Holders, their affiliates, groups that include the Sunset Holders and certain of their direct and indirect transferees will not be deemed to be interested stockholders, regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them, and accordingly will not be subject to such restrictions. 
 63 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to various legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings from time to time. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such proceedings, our management does not believe it is probable that any pending or, to our knowledge, threatened legal proceeding or claim would individually or in the aggregate materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 64 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PX . There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,104 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and there were 2,930 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We declared a quarterly dividend of 0.30 per share of our common stock to record holders in each fiscal quarter of 2022. 
 
 The declaration and payment by us of any future dividends to holders of our common stock is at the sole discretion of our board of directors. Our board intends to cause us to continue to pay a comparable cash dividend on a quarterly basis. Subject to funds being legally available, we intend to cause P10 Intermediate to make pro rata distributions to its members, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay all applicable taxes and to pay our corporate and other overhead expenses, including dividend payments to our stockholders. 
 
 Issure Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information about our repurchase activity with respect to shares of our common stock for the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program (1) 
 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 

October 1 - 31, 2022 
 
 192,654 

10.30 

192,654 

November 1 - 30, 2022 
 
 994,950 

9.45 

994,950 

December 1 - 31, 2022 
 
 759,161 

9.68 

759,161 

19,787,024 

Total 
 
 1,946,765 

9.62 

1,946,765 

(1) On May 12, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the date of authorization, not to exceed 20 million (the Stock Repurchase Program ). On December 27, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an additional 20 million for repurchases under the Stock Repurchase Program. The authorization provides us the flexibility to repurchase shares in the open market, in block trades, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, and/or through other legally permissible means, in privately negotiated transactions, from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors. The Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate P10 to acquire any particular amount of common stock and it may be terminated or amended by the Board of Directors at any time. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph and table depict the total return to stockholders from the closing price on October 21, 2021 (the date our Class A common stock began trading on NYSE) through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the S P 500 Index and Dow Jones U.S. Asset Managers Index. The graph and table assume 100 invested on October 21, 2021, and dividends reinvested in the security or index. 
 
 65 

The performance graph and table are not intended to be indicative of future performance. The performance graph and table shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company's filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 66 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the activities and operations of P10. As used in this section, P10, the Company , we or our includes P10 and only its consolidated subsidiaries. The following information should be read in conjunction with our selected financial and operating data and the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our historical results discussed below, and the way we evaluate our results, may differ significantly from the descriptions of our business and key metrics used elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K due to the effects of acquisitions which occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, but may not have had a material impact on our statements of operations due to the limited period of time which they were included in our consolidated results. This annual report reflects the historical results of operations and financial position of P10 Holdings, our predecessor for accounting purposes, prior to the Reorganization and IPO. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflects our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, particularly in Risk Factors , the Summary of Risk Factors and the Forward-Looking Information. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 are to our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Business Overview 
 We are a leading multi-asset class private market solutions provider in the alternative asset management industry. Our mission is to provide our investors differentiated access to a broad set of solutions and investment vehicles across highly attractive asset classes and geographies that generate superior risk-adjusted returns. Our success and growth have been driven by our position in the private markets ecosystem, providing investors with specialized private market solutions across a comprehensive set of investment strategies, including primary investment funds, secondary investment, direct investment and co-investments and advisory solutions. As investors entrust us with additional capital, our relationships with our fund managers are strengthened, which drives additional investment opportunities, sources more data, enables portfolio optimization and enhances returns, and in turn attracts new investors. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed several acquisitions to expand the private market solutions available to our investors. On April 1, 2020, we completed our acquisition of Five Points to serve as our Private Credit solution (which also offers certain private equity solutions). Five Points results are included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations beginning with the period from April 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and forward. On October 2, 2020, we completed our acquisition of TrueBridge Capital Partners, LLC (TrueBridge) to serve as our Venture Capital solution. TrueBridge s results are included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations beginning with the period from October 2, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and forward. On December 14, 2020, we completed our acquisition of 100 of the equity interest in ECG to serve as our Impact Investing solution. ECG s results are included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations beginning with the period from December 14, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and forward. These acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations, and these entities are reported as consolidated subsidiaries of P10. Additionally, on December 14, 2020, we completed our acquisition of approximately 49 of the voting interests and 50 of the economic interests in ECP, which is a related party of ECG. As we only acquired a non-controlling interest in ECP, it is reported as an equity method investment in accordance with ASC 323, Equity Method and Joint Ventures ASC 323 ). 
 On September 30, 2021, we completed the acquisitions of Hark Capital Advisors, LLC Hark and Bonaccord Capital Advisors, LLC Bonaccord to further expand on solutions available to our investors. The effect of these acquisitions is reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021 and 2022 and the Consolidated Statement of Operations beginning with the period from September 30, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and forward. These acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations and are reported as consolidated subsidiaries of P10. 
 On October 20, 2021, P10 Holdings, in connection with its Initial Public Offering IPO ), completed a reorganization and restructure. In connection with the reorganization, P10, Inc. P10 became the parent company and all of the existing equity of P10 Holdings, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of P10, and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the convertible preferred units of P10 Intermediate were converted into common stock of P10. The offering and reorganization included a reverse stock split of P10 Holdings common stock on a 0.7-for-1 basis pursuant to which every outstanding share of common stock decreased to 0.7 shares. Net proceeds from the sale of our Class A common stock, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions but before expenses was approximately 129.4 million. Of the proceeds, 86.8 million was used to paydown the outstanding term loan balance, 12.4 million was used to pay off the RCP Seller Notes, 1.1 million cash settled certain option awards, 1.0 million funded the dividend on P10 Intermediate's preferred stock and 4.5 million was used to pay expenses incurred in connection with the offering. 
 67 

Following the reorganization and IPO, P10 has two classes of common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes while each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. 
 On December 22, 2021, P10 entered into a 250 million credit agreement with a syndicate of banks, including JP Morgan Chase Bank and Texas Capital Bank as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 125 million (the term loan and revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of 125 million (the revolver with a four year term and an additional 125 million accordion feature. The variable interest rate is 210 basis points over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Borrowings were used to pay down the outstanding balance under the previous credit facility with HPS and related transaction expenses, pay off Seller's Notes related to the RCP acquisition and to finance working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. The facility includes the option to exercise a 125.0 million accordion feature. The accordion feature was exercised in order to complete the acquisition of Western Technology Investment LLC WTI on October 13, 2022. The outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 was 293.4 million. 
 On October 13, 2022, we completed the acquisition of WTI that again further expanded on solutions available to our investors by entering into the venture debt space. The effect of this acquisition is reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 and Consolidated Statement of Operations from October 13, 2022 to December 31, 2022. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and WTI is reported as a consolidated subsidiary of P10. 
 During the 2022, the Board approved up to 40.0 million to repurchase stock. These shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and/or through other legally permissible means. The timing and amount of any repurchases pursuant to the program will depend on various factors including, the market price of its Class A Common Stock, trading volume, ongoing assessment of P10 s working capital needs, general market conditions, and other factors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 19.8 million has been spent to buy back shares under this program. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our private market solutions were comprised of the following: 
 Private Equity Solutions (PES) . Under PES, we make direct and indirect investments in middle and lower- middle market private equity across North America. PES also makes minority equity investments in a diversified portfolio of mid-sized managers across private equity, private credit, real estate and real assets. The PES investment team, which is comprised of 39 investment professionals with an average of 25+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing investor and fund manager relationships in the middle and lower-middle market which it has cultivated over the past 20 years, including over 1,900+ investors, 260+ fund managers, 490+ private market funds and 2,000+ portfolio companies. We have 48 active investment vehicles. PES occupies a differentiated position within the private markets ecosystem helping our investors access, perform due diligence, analyze and invest in what we believe are attractive middle and lower-middle market private equity opportunities. We are further differentiated by the scale, depth, diversity and accuracy of our constantly expanding proprietary private markets database that contains comprehensive information on more than 5,000 investment firms, 9,000 funds, 38,000 individual transactions, 30,000 private companies and 250,000 financial metrics. As of December 31, 2022, PES managed 10.8 billion of FPAUM. 

Venture Capital Solutions (VCS). Under VCS, we make investments in venture capital funds across North America and specialize in targeting high-performing, access-constrained opportunities. The VCS investment team, which is comprised of 15 investment professionals with an average of 22+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing investor and fund manager relationships in the venture market which it has cultivated over the past 14+ years, including over 1,000+ investors, 65+ fund managers, 74 direct investments, 300+ private market funds and 8,000+ portfolio companies. We have 18 active investment vehicles. Our VCS solution is differentiated by our innovative strategic partnerships and our vantage point within the venture capital and technology ecosystems, maximizing advantages for our investors. In addition, since 2011, we have partnered with Forbes to publish the Midas List, a ranking of the top value-creating venture capitalists. As of December 31, 2022, VCS managed 5.4 billion of FPAUM. 

Impact Investing Solutions (IIS). Under IIS, we make equity, tax equity, and debt investments in impact initiatives across North America. IIS primarily targets investments in renewable energy development and historic building renovation projects, as well as providing capital to small businesses that are women or minority owned or operating in underserved communities. The IIS investment team, which is comprised of 15 investment professionals with an average of 22+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing relationships in the impact market which it has cultivated over the past 20 years, including deploying capital on behalf of over 100 investors. 

68 

We currently have 32 active investment vehicles. We are differentiated in both the breadth of impact areas served, the type of capital deployed and the duration of our track record. We have collectively deployed over 3.3 billion into 850+ projects and businesses across 39 states since 1999. We have invested 2.6 billion in Impact Assets across our Small Business Lending, Impact Real Estate and Climate Finance Strategies. Investments in solar assets have generated over 1.6 billion KWh of renewable energy over the lifetime of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, IIS managed 1.9 billion of FPAUM . 

Private Credit Solutions (PCS). Under PCS, we primarily make debt investments across North America, targeting lower middle market companies owned by leading financial sponsors and also offer certain private equity solutions. PCS also provides loans to mid-life, growth equity, venture and other funds backed by the unrealized investments at the fund level and provide financing for companies that would otherwise require equity. The PCS investment team, which is comprised of 38 investment professionals with an average of 24+ years of experience, has deep and long-standing relationships in the private credit market which it has cultivated over the past 22 years, including 300+ investors across 12 active investment vehicles and 1,600+ portfolio companies with over 9.7+ billion capital deployed. Our PCS is differentiated by our relationship-driven sourcing approach providing capital solutions for growth-oriented companies. We are further synergistically strengthened by our PES network of fund managers, characterized by more than 520 credit opportunities annually. We currently maintain 50+ active sponsor relationships and have 45+ platform investments. As of December 31, 2022, PCS managed 3.1 billion of FPAUM. 

Sources of Revenue 
 Our sources of revenue currently include fund management fee contracts, advisory service fee contracts, consulting agreements, referral fees, subscriptions and other services. The majority of our revenues are generated through long-term, fixed fee management and advisory contracts with our investors for providing investment solutions in the following vehicles for our investors: 
 Primary Investment Funds. Primary investment funds refer to investment vehicles which target investments in new private markets funds, which in turn invest directly in portfolio companies. P10 s primary investment funds include both commingled investment vehicles with multiple investors as well as customizable separate accounts, which typically include one investor. Primary investments are made during a fundraising period in the form of capital commitments, which are called upon by the fund manager and utilized to finance its investments in portfolio companies during a predefined investment period. We receive a fee stream that is typically based on our investor s committed, locked-in capital; capital commitments that typically average ten to fifteen years, though they may vary by fund and strategy. We offer primary investment funds across private equity and venture capital solutions. Often, the fees are structured such that they step down, or decrease, over the life of the fund. Our primary funds comprise approximately 11.7 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 

Direct and Co-Investment Funds. Direct and co-investments involve acquiring an equity interest in or making a loan to an operating company, project, property, alternative asset manager, or asset, typically by co-investing alongside an investment by a fund manager or by investing directly in the underlying asset. P10 s direct and co- investment funds include both commingled investment vehicles with multiple investors as well as customizable separate accounts, which typically include one investor. Capital committed to direct investments and co-investments is typically invested immediately, thereby advancing the timing of expected returns on investment. We typically receive fees from investors based upon committed capital, with some funds receiving fees based on invested capital; capital commitments, typically average ten to fifteen years, though they may vary by fund. We offer direct and co-investment funds across our private equity, venture capital, impact investing and private credit solutions. Often, the fees are structured such that they step down, or decrease, over the life of the fund. Our direct investing platform comprises approximately 8.0 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 

Secondaries. Secondaries refer to investments in existing private markets funds through the acquisition of an existing interest in a private markets fund by one investor from another in a negotiated transaction. In so doing, the buyer agrees to take on future funding obligations in exchange for future returns and distributions. Because secondary investments are generally made when a primary investment fund is three to seven years into its investment period and has deployed a significant portion of its capital into portfolio companies, these investments are viewed as more mature. We typically receive fees from investors on committed capital for a decade, the typical life of the fund. We currently offer secondaries funds across our private equity solutions. Often, the fees are structured such that they step down, or decrease, over the life of the fund. Our secondary funds comprise approximately 1.5 billion of our FPAUM as of December 31, 2022. 

69 

Operating Segments 
 We operate our business as a single operating segment, which is how our chief operating decision makers (our Co-Chief Executive Officers) evaluate financial performance and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Our business is affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in the financial markets and economic and political conditions in the North American markets in which we operate, as well as changes in global economic conditions, and regulatory or other governmental policies or actions, which can materially affect the values of the funds our platforms manage, as well as our ability to effectively manage investments and attract capital. Despite rising interest rates and the global economy outlook remaining uncertain, we continue to see investors turning towards alternative investments to achieve consistent and higher yields with our contractually guaranteed fee rate. 
 The continued growth of our business may be influenced by several factors, including the following market trends: 
 Accelerating demand for private markets solutions. Our ability to attract new capital is dependent on investor demand for private markets solutions. We believe the composition of public markets is fundamentally shifting and will drive growth in private markets investing as fewer companies elect to become public corporations, while more companies are choosing to stay privately held or return to being privately held. Furthermore, investors continue to increase their exposure to passive strategies in search for lower fee alternatives as relative returns in active public market strategies have compressed. We believe the continued move away from active public market strategies into passive strategies will support growth in private market solutions as investors seek higher risk-adjusted returns. Additional trends driving investor demand are (a) increasing long-term investor allocations towards private market asset classes, (b) legislation that allows retirement plans to add private equity vehicles as an investment option, and (c) the adoption of Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance ESG and impact investing by the institutional and high net worth investor community. 

Favorable lower and lower-middle market dynamics, and data driven sourcing. We attribute our strong investment performance track record to several factors, including: our broad private market relationships and access to fund managers and investments, our diligent and responsible investment process, our tenured investing experience and our premier data, technology, and analytic capabilities. Our ability to continue generating strong returns will be impacted by lower and lower-middle market dynamics and our ability to source deals efficiently and effectively using data analytics. As more companies choose to remain private, we believe smaller companies will continue to dominate market supply, with significantly less capital in pursuit. This favorable lower and lower-middle market dynamic implies a larger pool of opportunities at compelling purchase price valuations with significant return potential. In addition, our premier data and analytic capabilities, driven by our proprietary database, support our robust and disciplined sourcing criteria, which fuels our highly selective investment process. Our database stores and organizes a universe of managers and opportunities with powerful tracking metrics that we believe drive optimal portfolio construction, management, and monitoring and enable a portfolio grading system, as well as repository of investment evaluation scorecards. Our ability to maintain our data advantage is dependent on several factors, including our continued access to a broad set of private market information on an on-going basis. 

Expanding asset class solutions, broaden geographic reach and grow private markets network effect. Our ability to continue growing is impacted by our scalability and ability to maximize investor relationships. The purview of private markets has meaningfully broadened over the last decade. As investors increase their allocations to private markets investments, we believe the demand for asset class diversification will rise. Furthermore, as part of this evolution we believe investors will seek out private market solutions providers with scale and an ability to deliver multiple asset classes and vehicle solutions to streamline relationships and pursue cost efficiency. Our scalable business model is well positioned to expand and grow our footprint as we develop our position within the private markets ecosystem to further leverage our synergistic solutions offering. We currently have a leading presence in North America, but believe that expanding our investor presence into international markets can be a significant growth driver for our business as investors continue to seek geographically diverse private market exposure. Further, expanding into additional asset class solutions can enable us to further enhance our integrated network effect across private markets by, among other benefits, fostering deeper manager relationships. We believe that the growing number of private markets focused fund managers increases the operational burden on investors and will lead to a greater reliance on highly trusted advisors to help investors navigate the complexity associated with multi- asset class manager selection. 

70 

Increasing regulatory requirements and political uncertainty. The complex regulatory and tax environment could restrict our operations and subject us to increased compliance costs and administrative burdens, as well as restrictions on our business activities. There is additional uncertainty around potential legal, regulatory, and tax changes, which may impact our profitability or impact our ability to operate and grow our business. 

Our ability to raise capital to fund acquisitions and strategic growth initiatives. In addition to organic growth of our existing solutions and services, our growth will continue to depend, in part, on our ability to identify, evaluate and acquire high performing and high-quality asset management businesses to expand our team of asset managers and advisors, as well as expand the industries and end markets which we serve. These acquisitions may require us to raise additional capital through debt financing or the issuance of equity securities. Our ability to obtain debt with acceptable terms will be influenced by the corporate debt markets and prevailing interest rates, as well as our current credit worthiness. The funding available through the issuance of equity securities will be determined in part by the market price of our shares. 

Increased competition to work with top private equity fund managers. There has been a trend amongst larger private markets investors to consolidate the number of general partners in which they invest and work with. At times, this has led to certain funds being oversubscribed due to the increasing flow of capital. This has resulted in some investors, primarily smaller investors or less strategically important investors, not being able to gain access to certain funds. Our ability to invest and maintain our sphere of influence with these high-performing fund managers is critical to our investors success and our ability to maintain our competitive position and grow our revenue. 

Data advantage relative to competitors. We believe that the general trend towards transparency and consistency in private markets reporting will create new opportunities for us to leverage our databases and analytical capabilities. We intend to use these advantages afforded to us by our proprietary databases, analytical tools and deep industry knowledge to drive our performance, provide our clients with customized solutions across private markets asset classes and continue to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. Our ability to maintain our data advantage is dependent on several factors, including our continued access to a broad set of private market information on an on-going basis, as well as our ability to maintain our investment scale, considering the evolving competitive landscape and potential industry consolidation. 

Consolidation of Manager relationships and flight to quality. As global financial markets continue to remain uncertain and private markets investors evaluate their exposure and allocation to private markets, a trend of consolidating managers has emerged. Our strategies, with long-track records of success, deep industry experience, well-established relationships, and high-quality investment opportunities, can benefit from a trend toward reducing the number of managers to which capital is allocated. Furthermore, we believe that by offering investors access to access-constrained investment opportunities, investors may favor our strategies as they make decisions on market exposure and allocation levels. 

Counter-cyclical strategies can thrive in a higher-rate environment. Some strategies are counter-cyclical in nature and can take advantage of a higher rate environment. Specifically, private credit products, including our NAV lending strategy, with floating rate terms, benefit from the current environment, with floating rates and longer duration. The higher rate environment also benefits our venture debt strategy as rates float throughout the investment period. 

Key Financial Operating Metrics 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily from management fees and advisory contracts, and to a lesser extent, other consulting arrangements and services. See Significant Accounting Policies in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the way revenues are recognized. 
 We earn management and advisory fees based on a percentage of investors capital commitments to, in funds or deployed capital. Management and advisory fees during the commitment period are charged on capital commitments and after the commitment period (or a defined anniversary of the fund s initial closing) is reduced by a percentage of the management and advisory fees for the preceding years or charged on net invested capital or NAV, in selected cases. Fee schedules are generally fixed and set for the expected life of the funds, which typically are between ten to fifteen years. These fees are typically staged to decrease over the life of the contract due to built-in declines in contractual rates and/or as a result of lower net invested capital balances as capital is returned to investors. We also earn revenues through catch-up fees catch 
 71 

up fees on the funds we manage. Catch-up fees are earned from investors that make commitments to the fund after the first fund closing occurs during the fundraising period of funds originally launched in prior periods, and as such the investors are required to pay a catch-up fee as if they had committed to the fund at the first closing. While catch-up fees are not a significant component of our overall revenue stream, they may result in a temporary increase in our revenues in the period in which they are recognized. 
 Other revenue consists of subscription and consulting agreements and referral fees that we offer in certain cases. Subscription and consulting agreements provide advisory and/or reporting services to our investors such as monitoring and reporting on an investor s existing private markets investments. The subscription and consulting agreements typically have renewable one-year lives, and revenue is recognized ratably over the current term of the subscription or the agreement. If subscriptions or fees have been paid in advance, these fees are recorded as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Referral fee revenue is recognized upon closing of opportunities where we have referred credit opportunities that do not match our investment criteria. 
 The Company recognizes an accrued contingent liability and contingent payments to customers in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for an agreement between ECG and a third party. The agreement requires ECG to share in certain revenues earned with the third party and also includes an option for the third party to sell back the revenue share to ECG at a set multiple. Additionally, ECG holds the option to buy back 50 of the revenue share at a set multiple. The options to repurchase the revenue share are not exercisable until July of 2025. The Company believes it is probable that the third party will exercise its option to sell back the revenue share and has recognized a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has also recognized a contingent payments to customers asset associated with the agreement and will amortize the asset against revenue over the period the option is expected to be exercised. The amortization is reported in management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Compensation and benefits are our largest expense and consists of salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, employee benefits and employer-related payroll taxes. Despite our general operating leverage that exists, we expect to continue to experience an incremental rise in compensation and benefits expense commensurate with expected growth in headcount and with the need to maintain competitive compensation levels as we expand into new markets to create new products and services. In substantially all instances, the Company does not hold carried interests in the funds that we manage. Carried interest is typically structured to stay with the investment professionals. As such, while this does not impact the compensation we pay to our employees, it allows our investment professionals to receive additional benefit and provides economic incentive for them to outperform on behalf of our investors. This structure differs from that of most of our competitors, which we believe better aligns the objectives of our stockholders, investors and investment professionals. 
 Professional fees primarily consist of legal, advisory, accounting and tax fees which may include services related to our strategic development opportunities such as due diligence performed in connection with potential acquisitions. Our professional fees will fluctuate commensurate with our strategic objectives and potential acquisitions, and certain recurring accounting advisory, audit and tax expenses are expected to increase as our Company has become an SEC registrant and we must comply with additional regulatory requirements. 
 General, administrative and other includes occupancy, travel and entertainment, technology, insurance and other general costs associated with operating our business. 
 Strategic alliance expense is included in operating expenses. This expense is driven by a Strategic Alliance Agreement SAA that Bonaccord entered into with an investor at the time Bonaccord was acquired in exchange for a portion of net management fee earnings and net distributable carried interest at the time of acquisition. 
 Other Income/(Expense) 
 Interest expense includes interest paid and accrued on our outstanding debt, along with the amortization of deferred financing costs, amortization of original issue discount and the write-off of deferred financing costs due to the repayment of previously outstanding debt. Interest expense also includes the effects of the imputed interest on certain non-interest-bearing notes payable. 
 Income Tax Benefit/(Expense) 
 72 

Income tax benefit/(expense) is comprised of current and deferred tax benefit/(expense). Current income tax benefit/(expense) represents our estimated taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. 
 Fee-Paying Assets Under Management, or FPAUM 
 FPAUM reflects the assets from which we earn management and advisory fees. Our vehicles typically earn management and advisory fees based on committed capital, and in certain cases, net invested capital, depending on the fee terms. Management and advisory fees based on committed capital are not affected by market appreciation or depreciation. 
 Results of Operations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

REVENUES 

(in thousands) 

Management and advisory fees 

196,546 

149,424 

66,125 

Other revenue 

1,814 

1,110 

1,243 

Total revenues 

198,360 

150,534 

67,368 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Compensation and benefits 

94,297 

54,755 

24,529 

Professional fees 

12,856 

11,508 

13,953 

General, administrative and other 

18,522 

9,870 

4,710 

Contingent consideration expense 

1,717 

3,472 

21 

Amortization of intangibles 

26,867 

30,431 

15,466 

Strategic alliance expense 

678 

152 

Total operating expenses 

154,937 

110,188 

58,679 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

43,423 

40,346 

8,689 

OTHER (EXPENSE)/INCOME 

Interest expense implied on notes payable to sellers 

(825) 

(988) 

Interest expense, net 

(9,505) 

(21,360) 

(10,732) 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

(15,312) 

Other income 

1,545 

848 

Total other (expense) 

(7,960) 

(36,649) 

(11,720) 

Net income before income taxes 

35,463 

3,697 

(3,031) 

Income tax (expense)/benefit 

(6,064) 

7,070 

26,837 

NET INCOME 

29,399 

10,767 

23,806 

Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Our revenue is composed almost entirely of recurring management and advisory fees, with the vast majority of fees earned on committed capital that is typically subject to ten to fifteen year lock up agreements, therefore our average fee rates have remained stable at approximately 1.03 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1.00 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, revenues increased 47.8 million or 32 due to higher management fees primarily from the impact of organic growth in 2022. 
 Management and advisory fees increased 47.1 million, or 32 , to 196.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily from additional fund closings and capital raised. The full year of revenues from Hark and Bonaccord who were both acquired in the last day of the third quarter in 2021 and a partial quarter of revenue in 2022 from the acquisition of WTI attributed 14.9 million of the increase in management fee revenue. Catch up fees for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were 6.1 million associated with the fund closings at TrueBridge and RCP. 
 Other revenues, which represent ancillary elements of our business, increased by 0.7 million or 63 to 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 driven primarily by an increase of 
 73 

0.6 million of interest income and 0.1 million of facility fee revenues, offset by a decrease of 0.2 million to referral fee revenues. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Our revenue is composed almost entirely of recurring management and advisory fees, with the vast majority of fees earned on committed capital that is typically subject to ten to fifteen year lock up agreements, therefore our average fee rates have remained stable at approximately 1 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, revenues increased 83.2 million or 123 due to higher management fees primarily from the impact of 2020 acquisitions. 
 Management and advisory fees increased 83.3 million, or 126 , to 149.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due primarily to the acquisitions of TrueBridge and ECG during the fourth quarter of 2020, which contributed management fee and advisory revenues of 53.8 million. Acquisitions of Five Points in the second quarter of 2020 and Bonaccord and Hark on September 30, 2021, contributed management fee and advisory revenues of 7.4 million. The remaining increase of 22.1 million represents an increase in the Company s management fees due to increases in FPAUM, primarily from capital raised and additional fund closings during the third and fourth quarters of 2021. Catch up fees for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were 6.1 million associated with the fund closings at TrueBridge and RCP. 
 Other revenues, which represent ancillary elements of our business, decreased by 0.1 million or 11 to 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 driven primarily by a decrease of 0.1 million of interest income and 0.1 million of facility fee revenues, offset by a decrease of 0.1 million to referral fee revenues. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 (in thousands) 

Compensation and benefits 

94,297 

54,755 

24,529 

Professional fees 

12,856 

11,508 

13,953 

General, administrative, and other 

18,522 

9,870 

4,710 

Contingent consideration expense 

1,717 

3,472 

21 

Amortization of intangibles 

26,867 

30,431 

15,466 

Strategic alliance expense 

678 

152 

Total operating expenses 

154,937 

110,188 

58,679 

Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Total operating expenses increased by 44.7 million, or 41 , to 154.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits as well as general, administrative, and other expenses primarily due to the acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord on September 30, 2021 and WTI on October 13, 2022 as well as increased operating expenses related to organizational growth and public company expenses. 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased by 39.5 million, or 72 , to 94.3 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Stock compensation accounts for 18.6 million of the increase. This was driven by RSUs and stock options granted to employees during the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first, third and fourth quarters of 2022 as well as RSAs granted in late 2021 and the third quarter of 2022. The Bonaccord and Hark Units that are discussed in Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements account for 8.3 million of the 18.6 million of increased stock compensation expense. The acquisitions of Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI contributed 12.3 million to the increase in compensation expense. Five Points made a 1.7 million one-time payment to buyout the employment contracts for the prior partners during the first quarter of 2022. There was a 2.1 million increase associated with the build out of P10 back office to meet compliance needs of a public company. Finally, an additional 4.8 million related to increases in headcount and performance incentives across all subsidiaries. 
 74 

Professional fees increased by 1.3 million, or 12 , to 12.9 million primarily driven by both timing of acquisitions in 2021 and 2022 as well as public company filing and compliance costs. 
 General, administrative and other increased by 8.7 million, or 88 to 18.5 million, due primarily to the acquisitions of Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI as well as public company expenses. The additions of Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI brought an additional 2.6 million of expense in 2022. The Company also entered into a D O insurance policy following the IPO in October 2021. This brought an additional 1.9 million of expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company entered into two new leases since September 30, 2021 which added an additional 1.4 million of expense. The remaining 2.8 million of additional general and administrative expense is derived from additional information technology expenses and increased travel since last year. 
 Contingent consideration expense decreased 1.8 million, to 1.7 million, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This was driven by quarterly revaluations of the contingent consideration from the acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord. 
 Amortization of intangibles decreased by 3.5 million, or 12 , to 26.9 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is driven by an intangible asset that fully amortized in 2021 at RCP and less amortization at ECG in 2022 than in 2021 driven by unique syndication fee contracts. This was offset by the addition of 65.2 million of gross finite lived intangible assets in the acquisitions of Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Total operating expenses increased by 51.4 million, or 88 , to 110.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits as well as amortization of intangibles associated with the acquisitions of TrueBridge, Five Points, and ECG completed in fiscal year 2020 as well as the acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord completed on September 30, 2021. 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased by 30.2 million, or 123 , to 54.8 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The primary driver for the increase in compensation and benefits were the acquisitions completed after the first quarter of 2020 which resulted in a total of 17.1 million of additional compensation expense during 2021, reflecting a full year of compensation expense. Hark and Bonaccord, which were acquired at the end of Q3 2021, contributed to 1.7 million of the increase in compensation expense. There was also an increase in headcount and compensation cost related to building out the corporate function as the Company prepared for its initial public offering of 4.0 million. A smaller driver of the increase was 1.8 million in compensation cost for acquisition related employee incentive bonuses. There was an additional 1.4 million of stock-based compensation expense incurred related to the accelerating of vesting associated with the IPO. Additionally, there was an increase in compensation cost for employees across all entities of 4.2 million due to an increase in headcount and annual salary increases. 
 Professional fees decreased by 2.4 million, or 18 , to 11.5 million primarily driven by the decline in acquisitions from 2020 to 2021 in size and complexity. The 4.3 million decrease in professional fees due to less acquisition costs was offset by an increase at the newly acquired subsidiaries of 2.4 million due to the partial years activity in 2020. The remaining decline in professional fees was a 0.5 million decline in legal expenses at RCP. 
 General, administrative and other increased by 5.2 million, or 110 to 9.9 million, due primarily to the acquisitions of TrueBridge, Five Points and ECG. The acquisitions resulted in an increase in general and administrative costs of 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. due to a full year of costs in 2021. General, administrative and other expenses increased by 0.9 million due to additional expenses and costs related to building out a corporate function in order to operate as a public company. The additional 0.2 million was recognized at RCP, Hark and Bonaccord in line with the normal course of business. 
 Contingent consideration expense increased 3.5 million, to 3.5 million, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. This was driven by remeasurement of the contingent consideration from the acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord post acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Amortization of intangibles increased by 15.0 million, or 97 , to 30.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase is due to the addition of 119.8 million of gross finite lived intangible assets in the acquisitions of Hark, Bonaccord, TrueBridge, Five Points and ECG. 
 75 

Other Income/(Expense) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Other expenses decreased by 28.7 million, or (78) , to 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by the early extinguishment of the credit and guaranty facility on December 22, 2021. The Company incurred 15.3 million of expense associated with early extinguishment of the credit and guaranty facility and subsequent pay off of Notes payable to sellers from the RCP acquisition. This consisted of 4.8 million of penalties paid for early principal paydowns, 2.1 million of non-cash write offs of debt issuance cost amortization associated with the credit and guaranty facility, and 8.4 million of remaining amortization on the Notes payable to sellers. Those non-recurring expenses coupled with lower interest rates through the majority of 2022 as a product of the refinance are attributable to the decrease in other expenses. Our interest rate on the credit and guaranty facility was 7 , where as the existing credit facility is 2.1 plus SOFR. The average interest rate on our 2022 debt was 4.11 . 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Other expenses increased by 24.9 million, or 213 , to 36.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily driven by the early extinguishment of the credit and guaranty facility on December 22, 2021. The Company incurred 15.3 million of expense associated with early extinguishment of the credit and guaranty facility and subsequent pay off of Notes payable to sellers from the RCP acquisition. This consisted of 4.8 million of penalties paid for early principal paydowns, 2.1 million of non-cash write offs of debt issuance cost amortization associated with the credit and guaranty facility, and 8.4 million of remaining amortization on the Notes payable to sellers. There was also a 10.6 million increase in interest expense related to the credit and guaranty facility as a result of the 194.4 million principal increases under the credit and guaranty facility to fund the acquisitions of TrueBridge, ECG, and Bonaccord. This increase was offset by 0.8 million in other income driven by ECG s income from unconsolidated subsidiaries during 2021. 
 On December 22, 2021, the Company refinanced its debt outstanding through entering into a new term loan and revolving credit facility, and using the proceeds to pay down and extinguish the remaining balance on the credit and guaranty facility and Notes payable to sellers. In doing so, the Company obtained more favorable interest terms. In 2021 the Company incurred 20.9 million in interest expense associated with the credit and guaranty facility as well as the Notes payable to sellers. The expected interest expense for 2022 with the new term loan and revolving credit facility is 7.3 million thus saving the Company 13.6 million annually in interest expense. 
 Income Tax Benefit/Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Income taxes increased by 13.1 million to an expense of 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a benefit of 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease of deferred tax assets during 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Income tax benefit decreased by 19.8 million to 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a benefit of 26.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the increase of deferred tax assets during 2021, which is largely driven by the prior year's large release in valuation allowance. 
 76 

FPAUM 
 The following table provides a period-to-period roll-forward of our fee earning AUM on a pro forma basis as if Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI were acquired on January 1, 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

(in millions) 

Balance, Beginning of period 

19,031 

14,567 

Add: 

Acquisitions 

Capital raised (1) 

2,454 

4,294 

Capital deployed (2) 

1,056 

735 

Net Asset Value Change (3) 

(151) 

(4) 

Less: 

Scheduled fee base stepdowns 

(578) 

(499) 

Expiration of fee period 

(607) 

(62) 

Balance, End of period 

21,205 

19,031 

(1) Represents new commitments from funds that earn fees on a committed capital fee base. 

(2) In certain vehicles, fees are based on capital deployed, as such increasing FPAUM. 

(3) Net asset value change consists primarily of the impact of market value appreciation (depreciation) from funds that earn fees on a net asset value basis. 

77 

The following table provides a period-to-period roll-forward of our fee-earning AUM on an actual basis. 

For the Year Ended 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

(in millions) 

Balance, Beginning of period 

17,263 

12,706 

Add: 

Acquisitions 

1,694 

952 

Capital raised (1) 

2,454 

3,384 

Capital deployed (2) 

940 

697 

Net Asset Value Change (3) 

9 

13 

Less: 

Scheduled fee base stepdowns 

(547) 

(427) 

Expiration of fee period 

(607) 

(62) 

Balance, End of period 

21,206 

17,263 

(1) Represents new commitments from funds that earn fees on a committed capital fee base. 

(2) In certain vehicles, fees are based on capital deployed, as such increasing FPAUM. 

(3) Net asset value change consists primarily of the impact of market value appreciation (depreciation) from funds that earn fees on a net asset value basis. 

FPAUM as of December 31, 2022 
 FPAUM increased 2.2 billion, or 11.4 , to 21.2 billion on a pro forma basis and 3.9 billion or 22.8 to 21.2 billion on an actual basis for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to an increase in capital raised from our private equity and venture capital solutions as well as the acquisition of WTI. Our FPAUM growth and concentration across solutions and vehicles has been relatively consistent over time but can vary in particular periods due to the systematic fundraising cycles of new funds, which typically lasts 12-24 months. We expect to continue to expand our fundraising efforts and grow FPAUM with the launch of new specialized investment vehicles and asset class solutions. 
 FPAUM as of December 31, 2021 
 FPAUM increased 3.9 billion, or 29.3 , to 17.3 billion on a pro forma basis and 4.6 billion or 35.9 to 17.3 billion on an actual basis for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to an increase in capital raised from our private equity and venture capital solutions. Our FPAUM growth and concentration across solutions and vehicles has been relatively consistent over time but can vary in particular periods due to the systematic fundraising cycles of new funds, which typically lasts 12-24 months. We expect to continue to expand our fundraising efforts and grow FPAUM with the launch of new specialized investment vehicles and asset class solutions. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Below is a description of our unaudited non-GAAP financial measures. These are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be construed as a substitute for the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are reconciled below. These measures have limitations as analytical tools, and when assessing our operating performance, you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP measures. Other companies may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 We use Adjusted Net Income, or ANI, as well as Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) to provide additional measures of profitability. We use the measures to assess our performance relative to our intended strategies, expected patterns of profitability, and budgets, and use the results of that assessment to adjust our future activities to the extent we deem necessary. ANI reflects our actual cash flows generated by our core operations. ANI is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA, less actual cash paid for interest and federal and state income taxes. 
 In order to compute Adjusted EBITDA, we adjust our GAAP net income for the following items: 
 Expenses that typically do not require us to pay them in cash in the current period (such as depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation), 

78 

The cost of financing our business, 

Acquisition-related expenses which reflects the actual costs incurred during the period for the acquisition of new businesses, which primarily consists of fees for professional services including legal, accounting, and advisory, as well as bonuses paid to employees directly related to the acquisition; 

Registration-related expenses includes professional services associated with our prospectus process incurred during the period, and does not reflect expected regulatory, compliance, and other costs associated with those that were incurred subsequent to our Initial Public Offering, and 

The effects of income taxes. 

Adjusted Net Income in 2021 reflects the cash payments made for interest, which differs significantly from total interest expense that includes non-cash interest on the non-interest-bearing Seller Notes related to our acquisitions of RCP 2 and RCP 3. Similarly, the cash income taxes paid during the 2022 and 2021 periods differ significantly from the net income tax benefit, which is primarily comprised of deferred tax expense as described in the results of operations. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net income 

29,399 

10,767 

23,806 

Add back (subtract): 

Depreciation amortization 

28,028 

30,703 

15,571 

Interest expense, net 

9,505 

37,497 

11,720 

Income tax expense/(benefit) 

6,064 

(7,070) 

(26,837) 

Non-recurring expenses 

9,587 

8,807 

9,832 

Non-cash stock based compensation 

9,587 

2,416 

714 

Acquisition based compensation 

9,029 

Earn out related compensation 

5,612 

Adjusted EBITDA 

106,811 

83,120 

34,806 

Less: 

Cash interest expense 

(6,784) 

(17,997) 

(9,699) 

Cash income taxes, net of taxes related to acquisitions 

(2,114) 

(2,308) 

(1,169) 

Adjusted Net Income 

97,913 

62,815 

23,938 

The 2021 cash paid for interest includes a loss on extinguishment of 4.8 million. 
 Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Selected Statements of Financial Position 

As of 

As of 

December 31. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) 

29,492 

43,482 

(13,990) 
 
 (32) 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

658,433 

547,489 

110,944 

20 

Total assets 

826,360 

676,217 

150,143 

22 

Debt obligations 

289,224 

212,496 

76,728 

36 

Stockholders equity 

433,883 

395,164 

38,719 

10 

There was a decrease in cash and cash equivalents from 43.5 million as of December 31, 2021 to 29.5 million as of December 31, 2022 due to operating cash flows and cash flows from financing activities related to borrowings on the Credit Facility. In addition, cash used for the acquisition of WTI. There was an increase in goodwill and intangible assets of 110.9 million due to the acquisition of WTI of 137.6 million. This was offset by amortization of intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. Remaining total assets also increased in the same period by 53.2 million primarily due to 24.2 million increase in due from related parties. This is driven by the Advisory Agreement at Enhanced. Additionally, deferred 
 79 

tax assets decreased by 3.9 million driven primarily by the release of valuation allowances for state net operating loss carryforwards. 
 Historical Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have continued to support our ongoing operations through the receipt of management and advisory fee revenues. However, to fund our continued growth, we have utilized capital obtained through debt and equity raises. Our ability to continue to raise funds will be critical as we pursue additional business development opportunities and new acquisitions. 
 On December 22, 2021, P10, Inc. entered into a Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.. The term loan and revolving credit facility provides financing for acquisition activity. The term loan provides for a 125.0 million facility and the revolving credit facility provides for an additional 125.0 million. There is also a 125 million accordion feature available in the credit agreement, which we exercised in September 2022. The accordion was not drawn until October 2022, at which point it was divided to 87.5 million of term loan and 37.5 million of revolver. 6.0 million of the revolver was drawn at the time. 
 Both facilities are Term SOFR Loans. The Company can elect one or three months for the Revolver Facility and three or six months for the Term Loan. The Company elected a six month SOFR rate at the time of draw for the term loan and a one month SOFR rate for the Revolver Facility at the time of draw. Principal is contractually repaid at a rate of 1.25 on the term loan quarterly effective March 31, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility has no contractual principal repayments until maturity, which is December 22, 2025 for both facilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Term Loan with a balance of 125.0 million is incurring interest at a SOFR rate of 2.61 . The Term Loan associated with the accordion exercise with a balance of 87.5 million is incurring interest at a SOFR rate of 4.45 . As of December 31, 2022, the Revolver Facility is split into seven tranches. The total principal outstanding is 80.9 million and the average SOFR rate amongst the tranches is 4.32 . The tranches are all incurring interest at a set rate for three month periods and are subsequently reset at the current SOFR rate. 
 The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants typical of such financing transactions, and specific financial covenants which require P10 to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of less than or equal to 3.50. As of December 31, 2022, P10 was in compliance with its financial covenants required under the facility. As of December 31, 2022, the balance drawn on the revolving credit facility is 80.9 million and on the term loan, the balance is 212.5 million. The Company has incurred 8.4 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In September 2022, the Company exercised the accordion feature of the Credit Agreement. There were no draws made until the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company incurred 1.4 million of up front fees during the exercise which are reflected as debt obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 The following table reflects our cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

61,675 

49,019 

10,669 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(98,590) 

(47,400) 

(214,193) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

22,925 

29,080 

196,841 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(13,990) 

30,699 

(6,683) 

Operating Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 80 

Cash from operating activities increased 12.6 million or 26 , to 61.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The components of this net increase primarily consist of a 18.6 million increase in net income as well as of the following changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 An increase of 14.4 million in due from related parties primarily driven by the Advisory Agreement at Enhanced; 

An increase in cash used for accounts payable for the year of 10.2 million, of which 8.6 million related to the distribution of a payable related to the acquisition of WTI; 

A decrease in income tax benefit of 13.1 million primarily driven by a decrease of deferred tax assets. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Cash from operating activities increased 38.3 million or 359 , to 49.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The components of this net increase primarily consisted of the following changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 An increase of 15.0 million in amortization of intangibles primarily due to the acquisitions of TrueBridge, Five Points, ECG, Hark and Bonaccord; 

An increase in amortization expense driven by the write off of existing debt issuance costs associated with the Credit and Guaranty Facility that was paid down in full on December 22, 2021 as well as the write off of the remaining amortization associated with the Notes payable to sellers which was paid down following the refinance; 

A decrease in income tax benefit of 19.8 million primarily driven by an increase of deferred tax assets; 

An increase in due from related parties of 9.4 million, primarily attributable to ECG's advisory agreement with Enhanced PC; 

An increase in deferred revenues driven by new fund closings in the third and fourth quarter of 2021. 

Investing activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 The cash used in investing activities increased by 51.2 million, or 108 to 98.6 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash used in investing activities was due almost entirely to the 2022 acquisition of WTI as compared to the 2021 acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord. The acquistion of WTI resulted in net cash payments of 96.5 million whereas the acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord resulted in net cash payments of 46.9 million during the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 The cash used in investing activities decreased by 166.8 million, or 78 to 47.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease in cash used was due almost entirely to the 2021 acquisitions of Hark Capital and Bonaccord Capital as compared to the 2020 acquisitions of Five Points, Truebridge, and ECG. The acquisitions of Hark and Bonaccord resulted in net cash payments of 46.9 million during the third quarter of 2021 whereas the acquisitions of Five Points, Truebridge and ECG resulted in net cash payments of 213.9 million in 2020. 
 Financing Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 We recorded a net 22.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 of cash provided by financing activities, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 29.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to the following factors: (1) borrowings on the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility of 75.6 million net of 41.0 million of repayments and associated debt issuance costs of 1.9 million, (2) repurchases of common stock of 21.9 million, (3) cash settlement of stock options of 12.5 million, (4) dividends paid of 10.5 million and (5) contingent consideration payments of 7.4 million. The cash provided by financing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to 
 81 

the proceeds from the IPO of 138.0 million, debt drawn on the Credit and Guaranty Facility of 252.9 million to fund acquisition activity and the debt refinance associated with the establishment of the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, and 341.3 million related to the extinguishment of debt associated with establishment of the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 We recorded a net 29.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 of cash provided by financing activities, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 196.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 due to the following factors; (1) the paydown of the Term Loan and Guaranty Facility of 300.2 million, (2) the draw on the new Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility of 215.9 million and (3) proceeds from the IPO of 138.0 million. The cash obtained for financing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to the proceeds from the issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interest of 46.4 million and debt drawn on the Credit and Guaranty Facility of 159.4 million to fund acquisition activity. 
 Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 We generate significant cash flows from operating activities. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements through our cash flows from operating activities, existing cash and cash equivalents, and our external financing activities which may include refinancing of existing indebtedness or the pay down of debt using proceeds of equity offerings. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not invest in any off-balance sheet vehicles that provide liquidity, capital resources, market or credit risk support, or engage in any activities that expose us to any liability that is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter contractual arrangements that require future cash payments. The following table sets forth information regarding our anticipated future cash payments under our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Total 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

(in thousands) 

Operating lease obligations (1) 

21,581 

3,003 

3,881 

2,741 

2,417 

2,338 

7,201 

Debt obligations (2) 

293,400 

10,625 

10,625 

272,150 

Total 

314,981 

13,628 

14,506 

274,891 

2,417 

2,338 

7,201 

1) We lease office space under agreements that expire periodically through 2032. The table only includes guaranteed minimum lease payments under these agreements and does not project other related payments. 

2) Debt obligations presented in the table reflect scheduled principal payments related to the various debt instruments of the Company. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change the underlying assumptions, estimates, or judgements. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 82 

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Management believes it has made all necessary adjustments so that the Consolidated Financial Statements are presented fairly and that estimates made in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements are reasonable and prudent. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries and entities in which the Company is deemed to have a direct or indirect controlling financial interest based on either a variable interest model or voting interest model. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. Certain entities in which the Company holds an interest are investment companies that follow specialized accounting rules under GAAP and reflect their investments at estimated fair value. Accordingly, the carrying value of the Company s equity method investments in such entities retains the specialized accounting treatment. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The Company performs the variable interest analysis for all entities in which it has a potential variable interest. If the Company has a variable interest in the entity and the entity is a variable interest entity VIE ), we will also analyze whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of this entity and if consolidation is required. 
 Generally, VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties, or whose equity holders, as a group, lack one or more of the following characteristics: (a) direct or indirect ability to make decisions, (b) obligation to absorb expected losses or (c) right to receive expected residual returns. A VIE must be evaluated quantitatively and qualitatively to determine the primary beneficiary, which is the reporting entity that has (a) the power to direct activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. 
 To determine a VIE s primary beneficiary, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine which party, if any, has the power to direct activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses and/or receive its benefits. This assessment involves identifying the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and determine whether we, or another party, has the power to direct those activities. When evaluating whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we perform a qualitative analysis that considers the design of the VIE, the nature of our involvement and the variable interests held by other parties. See Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 The Company has determined that certain of its subsidiaries are VIEs, and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entities, because it has the power to direct activities of the entities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and has a controlling financial interest in each entity. Accordingly, the Company consolidates these entities, which include P10 Intermediate, Holdco, RCP 2, RCP 3, TrueBridge, Hark, Bonaccord, and WTI. The assets and liabilities of the consolidated VIEs are presented gross in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The liabilities of our consolidated VIE s are obligations of those entities and their creditors do not generally have recourse to the assets of P10. See Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements for more information on both consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs. 
 Entities that do not qualify as VIEs are assessed for consolidation as voting interest entities under the voting interest model. Under the voting interest model, the Company consolidates those entities it controls through a majority voting interest or other means. Five Points, P10 Inc., P10 Holdings, and ECG are concluded to be consolidated subsidiaries of P10 under the voting interest model. 
 Revenue Recognition of Management Fees and Management Fees Received in Advance 
 Revenue is recognized when the Company transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 While the determination of who is the customer in a contractual arrangement will be made on a contract-by-contract basis, the customer will generally be the investment fund for the Company s significant management and advisory contracts. 
 Management and Advisory Fees 
 The Company earns management fees for asset management services provided to the Funds where the Company has discretion over investment decisions. The Company primarily earns fees for advisory services provided to clients where the Company does not have discretion over investment decisions. Management and advisory fees received in advance reflects the 
 83 

amount of fees that have been received prior to the period the fees are earned. These fees are recorded as deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 For asset management and advisory services, the Company typically satisfies its performance obligations over time as the services are rendered, since the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided as the Company performs the service. The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled based on the terms of the arrangement. For certain funds, management fees are initially calculated based on committed capital during the investment period and on net invested capital through the remainder of the fund s term. Additionally, the management fee may step down for certain funds depending on the contractual arrangement. Advisory services are generally based upon fixed amounts and billed quarterly. Other advisory services include transaction and management fees associated with managing the origination and ongoing compliance of certain investments. 
 Income Taxes 
 Current income tax expense represents our estimated taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. 
 Uncertain tax positions are recognized only when we believe it is more likely than not that the tax position will be upheld on examination by the taxing authorities based on the merits of the position. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. 
 We file various federal and state and local tax returns based on federal and state local consolidation and stand- alone tax rules as applicable. 
 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to a broad range of risks inherent in the financial markets in which we participate, including price risk, interest-rate risk, access to and cost of financing risk, liquidity risk, and counterparty risk. Potentially negative effects of these risks may be mitigated to a certain extent by those aspects of our investment approach, investment strategies or other business activities that are designed to benefit, either in relative or absolute terms, from periods of economic weakness, tighter credit or financial market dislocations. 
 Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment manager for our specialized investment vehicles and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments and overall returns for our investors. Since our management fees are generally based on commitments or net invested capital, our management fee and advisory fee revenue is not significantly impacted by changes in investment values, but unfavorable changes in the value of the assets we manage could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain our investors. 
 Fair value of the financial assets and liabilities of our specialized investment vehicles may fluctuate in response to changes in the value of underlying assets, and interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 293.4 million in outstanding principal under our Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility. The annual interest rate on the Term Loan is based on SOFR, subject to a floor of 0.10 , plus 2.00 . On December 31, 2022, the interest rate on these borrowings was 2.1 + SOFR. We estimate that a 100-basis point increase in the interest rate would result in an approximately 2.1 million increase in interest expense related to the loan over the next 12 months. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are party to agreements providing for various financial services and transactions that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties are unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In such agreements, we depend on the respective counterparty to make payment or otherwise perform. We generally endeavor to minimize our risk of exposure by 
 84 

limiting the counterparties with which we enter into financial transactions to reputable financial institutions. In other circumstances, availability of financing from financial institutions may be uncertain due to market events, and we may not be able to access these financing markets. 
 
 85 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 87 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 88 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 91 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 92 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 94 

86 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors P10, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of P10, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois March 27, 2023 
 
 87 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

As of 

As of 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Note receivable 

Due from related parties 

Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Contingent payments to customers 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Due to related parties 

Other liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Accrued contingent liability 

Deferred revenues 

Lease liabilities 

Debt obligations 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders' equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

88 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated VIE Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

As of 

As of 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Note receivable 

Due from related parties 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Contingent payments to customers 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Contingent consideration 

Accrued contingent liability 

Deferred revenues 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

89 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

REVENUES 

Management and advisory fees 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Compensation and benefits 

Professional fees 

General, administrative and other 

Contingent consideration expense 

Amortization of intangibles 

Strategic alliance expense 

Total operating expenses 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER (EXPENSE)/INCOME 

Interest expense implied on notes payable to sellers 

() 

() 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Other income 

Total other (expense) 

() 

() 

() 

Net income before income taxes 

() 

Income tax benefit/(expense) 

() 

NET INCOME 

Less: preferred dividends attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in P10 Intermediate 

() 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO P10 

Earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Dividends paid per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

90 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Common Stock - Class A 

Common Stock - Class B 

Treasury stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Non Controlling 
 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 
 
 Paid-in-capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Interst 
 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net income attributable to P10 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to P10 

Stock-based compensation 

Exchange of common stock and redeemable noncontrolling interest to Class B common stock 
 
 () 

() 

Issuance of Class A common stock sold in IPO, net of underwriting discounts 

Deferred offering costs 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock awards 

Exchange of Class B common stock for Class A common stock in connection with IPO 

() 

() 

Exchange of Class B units for Class A common stock and redemption of corresponding Class B common stock in connection with registered offering subsequent to reorganization and IPO 

() 

() 

Exchange of Class B common stock for Class A common stock 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred offering costs 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock awards 

Issuance of restricted stock units 

Exchange of Class B common stock for Class A common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Repurchase of common stock for employee tax witholding 

() 

() 

() 

Stock repurchase 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Settlement of stock options 

() 

() 

Capital contributions from non-controlling interest 

Distributions to non-controlling interest 

() 
 
 () 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

91 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash incentive compensation 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangibles 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Measurement of contingent payments to customers 

Remeasurement of contingent consideration 

Post close purchase price adjustment 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Due from related parties 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Due to related parties 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenues 

() 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangible assets 

() 

() 

Note receivable 

() 

() 

Proceeds from note receivable 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

() 

Proceeds from investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

Software capitalization 

() 

Post-closing payments related to acquisitions 

() 

() 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Repayment of notes payable to sellers 

() 

Repayment of loans payable 

() 

Borrowings on debt obligations 

Repayments on debt obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid for extinguishment of debt 

() 

Repurchase of Class A common stock for employee tax withholding 

() 

Repurchase of Class B common stock 

() 

Repurchase of Class A common stock 

() 

Payment of preferred stock dividends 

() 

Proceeds from initial public offering 

Payment of initial public offering underwriting fees 

() 

Payment of contingent consideration 

() 

() 

Deferred offering costs 

() 

Cash settlement of stock options 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of period 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of period 

92 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

P10, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for extinguishment of debt 

Net cash paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH OPERATING, INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interests in acquisition 

Issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interests in exchange for tax amortization benefits 

Issuance of noncontrolling interest in acquisition 

Increase to purchase price of Enhanced for working capital adjustment 

Additions to right-of-use assets 

Additions to lease liabilities 

Additions to contingent payments to customers 

Additions to accrued contingent liability 

Additions to property and equipment 

Additions to accrued compensation and benefits 

Additions to contingent consideration 

Dividends declared 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

93 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 P10, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollar amounts stated in thousands) 
 
 basis pursuant to which every outstanding share of common stock decreased to shares. The number of shares have been retrospectively adjusted within these financial statements to reflect this stock split. The reorganization was considered a transaction between entities under common control. As a result, the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the reorganization and IPO are the consolidated financial statements of P10 Holdings as the predecessor to P10 for accounting and reporting purposes. Following the reorganization and IPO, P10 has two classes of common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes while each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. P10, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company operate as a multi-asset class private market solutions provider in the alternative asset management industry. Our mission is to provide our investors differentiated access to a broad set of solutions and investment vehicles across a multitude of asset classes and geographies. Our existing portfolio of solutions across private equity, venture capital, private credit and impact investing support our mission by offering a comprehensive set of investment vehicles to our investors, including primary fund of funds, secondary investment, direct investment and co-investments, alongside separate accounts (collectively the Funds ). The direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company include P10 Holdings, P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC P10 Intermediate ), which owns the subsidiaries P10 RCP Holdco, LLC Holdco ), Five Points Capital, Inc. Five Points ), TrueBridge Capital Partners, LLC TrueBridge ), Enhanced Capital Group, LLC ECG ), Bonaccord Capital Advisors, LLC Bonaccord ), Hark Capital Advisors, LLC Hark ), P10 Advisors, LLC P10 Advisors ), and Western Technology Investment Advisors LLC WTI ). Prior to November 19, 2016, P10, formerly Active Power, Inc. designed, manufactured, sold, and serviced flywheel-based uninterruptible power supply products and serviced modular infrastructure solutions. On November 19, 2016, we completed the sale of substantially all our assets and liabilities and operations to Langley Holdings plc, a United Kingdom public limited company. Following the sale, we changed our name from Active Power, Inc. to P10 Industries, Inc. and became a non-operating company focused on monetizing our retained intellectual property and acquiring profitable businesses. For the period from December 2016 through September 2017, our business primarily consisted of cash, certain retained intellectual property assets and our net operating losses NOLs and other tax benefits. On March 22, 2017, we filed for re-organization under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, using a prepackaged plan of reorganization. The Company emerged from bankruptcy on May 3, 2017. On December 1, 2017, the Company changed its name from P10 Industries, Inc. to P10 Holdings, Inc. We were founded as a Texas corporation in and reincorporated in in 2000. Our headquarters is in Dallas, Texas. On October 5, 2017, we closed on the acquisition of RCP Advisors 2, LLC RCP 2 and entered into a purchase agreement to acquire RCP Advisors 3, LLC RCP 3 in January 2018. On January 3, 2018, we closed on the acquisition of RCP 3. RCP 2 and RCP 3 are registered investment advisors with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. On April 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Five Points. Five Points is a leading lower middle market alternative investment manager focused on providing both equity and debt capital to private, growth-oriented companies and limited partner capital to other private equity funds, with all strategies focused exclusively in the U.S. lower middle market. Five Points is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. On October 2, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of TrueBridge. TrueBridge is an investment firm focused on investing in venture capital through fund-of-funds, co-investments, and separate accounts. TrueBridge is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. On December 14, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of of the equity interest in ECG, and a noncontrolling interest in Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC ECP (collectively, Enhanced ). Enhanced undertakes and manages equity and debt investments in impact initiatives across North America, targeting underserved areas and other socially responsible end markets including renewable energy, historic building renovations, and affordable housing. ECP is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. On September 30, 2021, the Company completed acquisitions of Bonaccord and Hark. Bonaccord is an alternative asset manager focusing on acquiring minority equity interests in alternative asset management companies focused on private market strategies which may include private equity, private credit, real estate, and real asset strategies. Hark is engaged in the business of making loans to portfolio companies that are owned or controlled by financial sponsors, such as private equity funds or venture capital funds, and which do not meet traditional direct lending underwriting criteria but where the repayment of the loan by the portfolio company is guaranteed by its financial sponsor. See Note 3 for additional information on these acquisitions. In June 2022, the Company formed P10 Advisors, a fully consolidated subsidiary, to manage investment opportunities that are sourced across the P10 platform but do not fit within an existing investment mandate. On October 13, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of WTI. WTI provides senior secured financing to early-stage and emerging stage life sciences and technology companies. WTI is a registered investment advisor with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Simultaneously with the acquisition of WTI, the Company completed a restructuring of P10 Intermediate and subsidiaries to LLC entities that are considered disregarded entities for federal income tax purposes. This allowed the WTI sellers to obtain a partnership interest in P10 Intermediate and all of its subsidiaries. As a result of the acquisition, the WTI sellers obtained membership units of P10 Intermediate, which can be exchanged into shares of P10 class A common stock, following applicable restrictive periods. The results of WTI s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements effective October 13, 2022. The Company reports noncontrolling interest related to the partnership interests which are owned by the WTI sellers. This is recorded as noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Noncontrolling interest is allocated a share of income or loss in the respective consolidated subsidiaries in proportion to their relative ownership interest. Additionally, the Company makes periodic distributions to the WTI sellers for tax related and other agreed upon expenses as disclosed in the purchase agreement. 

Generally, VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties, or whose equity holders, as a group, lack one or more of the following characteristics: (a) direct or indirect ability to make decisions, (b) obligation to absorb expected losses or (c) right to receive expected residual returns. A VIE must be evaluated quantitatively and qualitatively to determine the primary beneficiary, which is the reporting entity that has (a) the power to direct activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. To determine a VIE's primary beneficiary, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine which party, if any, has the power to direct activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses and/or receive its benefits. This assessment involves identifying the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and determine whether we, or another party, has the power to direct those activities. When evaluating whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we perform a qualitative analysis that considers the design of the VIE, the nature of our involvement and the variable interests held by other parties. See Note 7 for further information. The Company has determined that certain of its subsidiaries are VIEs, and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entities, because it has the power to direct activities of the entities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and has a controlling financial interest in each entity. Accordingly, the Company consolidates these entities, which includes P10 Intermediate, Holdco, RCP 2, RCP 3, TrueBridge, Bonaccord, Hark, and WTI. The assets and liabilities of the consolidated VIEs are presented on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result of the reorganization in 2021, and reaffirmed after the 2022 restructure, it was determined that P10 Intermediate no longer qualifies as a VIE, but would still be consolidated under the voting interest model. This change has been retrospectively adjusted. See Note 7 for more information on both consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs. 

million and million, respectively, which approximates fair value. The Company maintains its cash balances at various financial institutions, which may periodically exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured limits. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. 
 
 allowance for doubtful accounts has been established as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. If accounts are subsequently determined to be uncollectible, they will be expensed in the period that determination is made. Management fees are collected on a quarterly basis. Certain subsidiaries management fee contracts are collected at the beginning of the quarter, while others are collected in arrears. The management fees reflected in accounts receivable at period end are those that are collected in arrears. 
 allowance for doubtful accounts has been established as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . If accounts are subsequently determined to be uncollectible, they will be expensed in the period that determination is made. 
 
 - 

Furniture and fixtures 

- 

. Finite-lived management and advisory contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds and investor/customer relationships with a specified termination date, are amortized in line with contractual revenue to be received, which range between and . Certain of our trade names are considered to have finite-lives. Finite-lived trade names are amortized over in line with the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to occur. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually as of September 30 utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is less than the respective carrying value. The reporting unit is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value, then the difference is recorded as an impairment (not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill). At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company determined that there was impairment to goodwill. 
 
 million contingent upon meeting certain EBITDA related hurdles that are contingent on employment. Upon the achievement of million, million, and million of EBITDA, million, million, and million are earned, respectively. . 

. The share price used in the Black Scholes model is based on the trading price of our shares on the public markets. Expected life is based on the vesting period and expiration date of the option. Stock price volatility is estimated based on a group of similar publicly traded companies determined to be most reflective of the expected volatility of the Company due to the nature of operations of these entities. The risk-free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 For business acquisitions, the Company recognizes the fair value of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets, and estimated contingent consideration at the acquisition date as part of purchase price. This fair value measurement is based on unobservable (Level 3) inputs. 

, the Company completed the purchase of Bonaccord for total consideration of million, which includes cash and contingent consideration. Bonaccord is engaged in the business of acquiring minority interests in alternative asset management companies focused on private market strategies which may include private equity, private client, real estate, and real asset strategies. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805. 

Contingent consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

A total of million of the cash consideration was financed through an amendment to the term loan under the Facility with HPS. The additional draw had the same terms as the existing Facility, including the maturity date. Included in total consideration is million of contingent consideration, representing the fair value of expected future payments on the date of the acquisition. The amount ultimately owed to the sellers is based on achieving specific fundraising targets and any amounts paid to the sellers will be paid by October 2027, at which point the contingent consideration expires. Total payment contingent consideration will not exceed million. As of December 31, 2022, million has been paid in contingent consideration. The fair value of the contingent consideration was derived from an analysis of the option pricing model and the scenario based model. The assumptions used in the analysis are inherently subjective; therefore, the ultimate amount of the liability may differ materially from the current estimate. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the remaining contingent consideration totaled million. See Note 11 for more details. In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred a total of million of acquisition-related expenses. Total acquisition-related expenses were million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs are included in professional fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Investment in partnership 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

LIABILITIES 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Net assets acquired 

Value of trade name 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

In connection with the acquisition, Bonaccord assumed a Strategic Alliance Agreement SAA ), providing a third-party the right to receive of the net management fee earnings, which includes the management fees minus applicable expenses, for Bonaccord Fund I Fund I ), and any subsequent fund, paid quarterly, in exchange for funding certain amounts of capital commitments to the fund. See Note 5 for more information. Goodwill The goodwill recorded as part of the acquisition includes the expected benefits that management believes will result from the acquisition, including the Company s build out of its investment product offering. Approximately million of goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition of Hark On , the Company completed the purchase of Hark for total consideration of million, which includes million of cash and million of estimated contingent consideration, with the fair value based on the scenario based method. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805. Hark is engaged in the business of making loans to portfolio companies that are owned or controlled by financial sponsors, such as private equity funds or venture capital funds, and which do not meet traditional direct lending underwriting criteria, but where the repayment of the loan by the portfolio company is guaranteed by its financial sponsor. T he fair value consisted of million in net assets and million in goodwill. The total contingent consideration payment will not exceed million. Acquisition of WTI On , the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of WTI for a total consideration of million and an aggregate of membership units of P10 Intermediate which can be exchanged on a one-for-one basis into shares of P10 class A common stock, subject to certain conditions pursuant to the Exchange Agreement entered into on August 25, 2022. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805. 

Fair value of equity consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

The Company exercised the accordion feature on the Credit Facility to complete the acquisition of WTI. The million available on the accordion was split into million of term loan and million of revolver. The Company drew the million of term loan and million of the available revolver to complete the acquisition and financed the remainder with cash on hand. In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred a total of million of acquisition-related expenses. Total acquisition-related expenses were million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs are included in professional fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The acquisition date fair value of certain assets and liabilities, including intangible assets acquired and related weighted average expected lives are provisional and subject to revision within one year of the acquisition date. As such, our estimates of fair values are pending finalization, which may result in adjustments to goodwill. 

Accounts receivable 

Right-of-use assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets, net 

Total assets acquired 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Net assets acquired 

Value of trade name 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill The goodwill recorded as part of the acquisition includes the expected benefits that management believes will result from the acquisition, including the Company s build out of its investment product offering. Approximately million of goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. To the extent there are payments on EBITDA-related earnouts as discsused in Note 14, those amounts would be amortizable for tax purposes at such time. Identifiable Intangible Assets The fair value of management and advisory contracts acquired were estimated using the excess earnings method. Significant inputs to the valuation model include existing revenue, estimates of expenses and contributory asset charges, the economic life of the contracts and a discount rate based on a weighted average cost of capital. The fair value of trade names acquired were estimated using the relief from royalty method. Significant inputs to the valuation model include estimates of existing and future revenue, estimated royalty rate, economic life and a discount rate based on a weighted average cost of capital. The management and advisory contracts and trade names have a finite useful life. The carrying value of the management fund and advisory contracts and trade names will be amortized in line with the pattern in which the economic benefits arise and are reviewed at least annually for indicators of impairment in value that is other than temporary. Pro-forma Financial Information Current Year Acquisition: 

Net income attributable to P10 

Pro-forma adjustments include revenue and net income (loss) of the acquired business for each period. Other pro forma adjustments include intangible amortization expense, interest expense based on debt issued in connection with the acquisition, and compensation expense contingent on EBITDA (as noted in Note 14) as if the acquisition were completed on January 1, 2021. Additionally, this does not reflect any pro forma adjustments related to the acquisitions which occurred in 2021. Prior Year Acquisitions: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Net income attributable to P10 

Pro-forma adjustments include revenue and net income (loss) of the acquired business for each period. Other pro forma adjustments include intangible amortization expense and interest expense based on debt issued or repaid in connection with the acquisition as if the acquisition was completed on . 

Subscriptions 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

of the net management fee earnings, which includes the management fees minus applicable expenses, for Fund I and subsequent funds, paid quarterly, in exchange for funding certain amounts of capital commitments to the fund. Net management fee earnings the third-party has the right to receive is based on the total capital committed. Within 60 days following the final closing of the next fund, Bonaccord Fund II Fund II ), the third-party has the opportunity to acquire, at the price at the time of the original acquisition, equity interests in Bonaccord based on the amount of commitment made. For each million, up to a maximum of million in irrevocable capital commitments to Fund II, the third-party can acquire 10 basis points up to a maximum of equity in Bonaccord. In addition, net management fee earnings would increase by the same percentage, retroactive to the date of the first close in Fund II. The maximum commitment requirement has been met as of December 31, 2022. The Company believes its probable that the third-party will exercise the option to acquire equity in Bonaccord and has begun to accrue an additional of net management fee earnings. If executed, the purchase price shall be reduced by the amount of management fee distributions which the third-party would have been paid as of the initial closing of Fund II. Similar terms apply for Fund III with the exception that the third-party can acquire 9.8 basis points for every million committed up to . This commitment has not yet been met as of December 31, 2022 as Fund III has not yet started raising capital. If commitment conditions to funds subsequent to Funds II and III are not satisfied, then within 60 days of the final closing of such subsequent fund giving rise to the condition not being satisfied, the Company may elect to repurchase the equity granted to the third-party. The repurchase shall be at the fair market value of such equi ty at that point in time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the strategic alliance expense reported was million . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the strategic alliance expense reported was million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was strategic alliance expense. This is reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as strategic alliance expense in operating expenses. 

 million, of which million was drawn as of December 31, 2022 with a maturity date of . . Interest will be paid on December 31st of each year commencing December 31, 2021, with any unpaid accrued interest being capitalized and added to the outstanding principal balance. There was cash paid for interest as of December 31, 2021 and the outstanding balance was capitalized to the note receivable. In 2022, million of interest was repaid, the remainder was capitalized and added to the outstanding balance. Principal payments will be made periodically from mandatorily required payments from available cash flows at BCP. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance was million and million, respectively. The Company recognized interest income of million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. The liabilities of the consolidated VIEs totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The assets of our consolidated VIE s are owned by those entities and not generally available to satisfy P10 s obligations, and the liabilities of our consolidated VIE s are obligations of those entities and their creditors do not generally have recourse to the assets of P10. Unconsolidated VIEs Through its subsidiary, ECG, the Company holds variable interests in the form of direct equity interests in certain VIEs that are not consolidated because the Company is not the primary beneficiary. The Company's maximum exposure to loss is limited to the potential loss of assets recognized by the Company relating to these unconsolidated entities. 

 million, of which million related to ECG s tax credit finance businesses and million related to ECG s asset management businesses. As of December 31, 2021 , investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries totaled million, of which million related to ECG s asset management businesses and million related to ECG s tax credit finance businesses. Asset Management ECG manages some of its alternative asset management funds through various unconsolidated subsidiaries and records these investments under the equity method of accounting. ECG recorded its share of income in the amount of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , ECG made of capital contributions and received distributions of million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, ECG made of capital contributions and received million in distributions. Tax Credit Finance ECG provides a wide range of tax credit transactions and consulting services through various entities which are wholly owned subsidiaries of Enhanced Tax Credit Finance, LLC ETCF ), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of ECG. Some of these subsidiaries own nominal interests, typically under 1.0 , in various VIEs and record these investments under the measurement alternative described in Note 2 above. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, ECG made of capital contributions and received distributions of . 

 108 
 
 P10, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollar amounts stated in thousands) 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Other 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Purchase price adjustment 

Increase from acquisitions 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Purchase price adjustment 

() 

Increase from acquisition 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Due to new information that became available during the year ended December 31, 2021 and a revision to the Company's outside basis and intangibles from finalizing the tax return, there was an adjustment to Enhanced that resulted in a purchase price adjustment. This was the result of using an estimate as of December 31, 2020 and resulted in a million adjustment to the purchase price. Since this was completed during the measurement period, the adjustment was recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. 

Technology 

Total indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Finite-lived intangible assets: 

Trade names 

() 

Management and advisory contracts 

() 

Technology 

() 

Total finite-lived intangible assets 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Technology 

Total indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Finite-lived intangible assets: 

Trade names 

() 

Management and advisory contracts 

() 

Technology 

() 

Total finite-lived intangible assets 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

Management and advisory contracts and finite lived trade names are amortized over - years and are being amortized in line with pattern in which the economic benefits that are expected to occur. Technology is amortized on a straight-line basis over years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total amortization 

Total liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

Liabilities 

Contingent consideration obligation 

Total liabilities 

For the liabilities presented in the tables above, there were no changes in fair value hierarchy levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Contingent Consideration Liability 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Balance, beginning of period: 

Additions 

Change in fair value 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Balance, end of period: 

The fair value of the contingent consideration liability represents the fair value of future payments upon satisfaction of performance targets. The assumptions used in the analysis are inherently subjective; therefore, the ultimate amount of the contingent consideration liability primarily relate to the expected future payments of obligations with a discount rate applied. The contingent consideration liability is included in contingent consideration on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of the liability are included in contingent consideration expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Revolving credit facility state tax credits, net 

() 

Revolver facility 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Revolver facility, net 

Term loan 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Term loan, net 

Total debt obligations 

The table below summarizes terms of the debt obligations. 

December 31, 2022 

Weighted 

Maturity Date 
 
 Aggregate Facility Size 

Outstanding Debt 

Amount Available 

Net Carrying Value 

Average Interest Rate 

Term Loan 

Revolver Facility 

Total 

Refinancing On December 22, 2021, the Company extinguished its current debt outstanding with HPS, as described below in the Credit and Guaranty Facility section and simultaneously entered into a new credit agreement with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. JP Morgan in order to gain more favorable interest terms. The Company used the proceeds from the new credit agreement with JP Morgan not only to repay the outstanding balance with HPS but also to repay the notes payable to sellers as described below in the Notes Payable to Sellers section. Revolving Credit Facility State Tax Credits Enhanced State Tax Credit Fund III, LLC, a subsidiary of ECG, had a million revolving credit facility with a regional financial institution restricted solely for the purchase of allocable state tax credits from various state tax credit incentive programs. The facility bore interest at above the Prime Rate and matured on . The facility was not renewed upon maturity. Notes Payable to Sellers On October 5, 2017, the Company issued Secured Promissory Notes Payable 2017 Seller Notes in the amount of million to the owners of RCP 2 in connection with the acquisition of that entity. The 2017 Seller Notes were set to mature on . On December 23, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the new credit agreement with JP Morgan to repay the outstanding balance of the 2017 Sellers Notes. On January 3, 2018, the Company issued Secured Promissory Notes Payable 2018 Seller Notes in the amount of million to the owners of RCP 3 in connection with the acquisition of that entity. The 2018 Seller Notes were set to mature on . On December 23, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the new credit agreement with JP Morgan to repay the outstanding balance of the 2018 Sellers Notes. On January 3, 2018, the Company issued tax amortization benefits in the amount of million TAB Payments to the owners of RCP 3 in connection with the acquisition of that entity. The TAB Payments were set to mature on . On December 23, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the new credit agreement with JP Morgan to repay the outstanding balance of the TAB Payments. Non-cash interest expense was recorded on a periodic basis for the Notes payable to sellers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded in interest expense related to the TAB Payments. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, P10 recorded million and million, respectively, in interest expense related to the TAB Payments. Of the million recorded in 2021, million related to the debt extinguishment. The 2017 Seller Notes, the 2018 Seller Notes and the TAB Payments are collectively referred to as Notes payable to sellers on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Credit and Guaranty Facility The Company s subsidiary, Holdco, entered into the Facility with HPS as administrative agent and collateral agent on October 7, 2017. The Facility initially provided for a million senior secured credit facility in order to refinance the existing debt obligations of RCP Advisors and provide for the financing to repay the Seller Notes due resulting from the acquisition of RCP Advisors. The Facility provided for a million term, subject to certain EBITDA levels and conditions, and a million one-year line of credit. The line of credit was repaid and subsequently expired during 2018. Holdco was permitted to draw up to million in aggregate on the term loan in tranches through . On October 2, 2020 and December 14, 2020, in connection with the acquisitions of TrueBridge and Enhanced, the term loan under the Facility was amended adding an additional million and million to the Facility, respectively. On September 30, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Bonaccord, the term loan under the Facility was amended adding an additional million to the Facility. On October 28, 2021, a payment of million was made, which included an optional repayment of million, required prepayment penalty of million, and an accrued interest payment of million. On December 22, 2021, the remaining principal balance of million was repaid using the proceeds of the new credit facility with JP Morgan. In accordance with the Facility, the Company also paid the remaining accrued interest balance of million and an early extinguishment fee of million. Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan On December 22, 2021, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent, and Texas Capital Bank, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and the other loan parties party thereto. The Credit Agreement consists of a revolving credit facility with an available balance of million (the Revolver Facility ), a term loan for million (the Term Loan ), and the Credit Agreement also includes a million accordion feature which was exercised with the acquisition of WTI. In October 2022, the accordion feature was exercised at which point it was split into million worth of term loan and million of revolver. The facilities are Term SOFR Loans meaning loans bearing interest based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate . The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR at the date of election, plus . The Company can elect one or three months for the Revolver Facility and three or six months for the Term Loan. Principal is contractually repaid at a rate of on the term loan quarterly effective March 31, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility has no contractual principal repayments until maturity, which is for both facilities. Certain P10 subsidiaries are encumbered by this debt agreement. The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants typical of such financing transactions, and specific financial covenants which require P10 to maintain a minimum leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, P10 was in compliance with its financial covenants required under the facility. As of December 31, 2022 , the balance drawn on the revolving credit facility is million and on the term loan, the balance is million. The balance as of December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. Debt Payable 

2024 

2025 

Debt Issuance Costs Debt issuance costs are offset against the Revolving Credit Facility State Tax Credits, the Credit and Guaranty Facility, and the Revolver Facility and Term Loan. Unamortized debt issuance costs for the Credit and Guaranty Facility as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs for the Revolving Credit Facility State Tax Credits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and thousand, respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs for the Revolver Facility and Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. Amortization expense related to debt issuance costs totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Of the million of amortization expense recognized in 2021, million relates to the extinguishment of the Credit and Guaranty Facility and is included in loss on extinguishment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , we recorded million and million in debt issuance costs, respectively, which is included in debt obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Most of the debt issuance costs recorded during 2022 relate to the exercise of the accordion feature. 

 thousand, and the lease expires . In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company sublet an additional amount of office space in the corporate headquarters. This contributed an additional thousand monthly. P10 has paid million, million and in rent to 210 Capital, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Effective April 1, 2020, P10 Intermediate pays a quarterly management fee of thousand to Keystone Capital XXX, LLC, which was the holder of the Series B preferred shares issued by P10 Intermediate in connection with the acquisition of Five Points. As a result of that agreement, P10 Intermediate paid , million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This management fee was terminated effective October 20, 2021 when the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interest was converted to shares of Class B common stock in connection with the Company's IPO. As described in Note 1, through its subsidiaries, the Company serves as the investment manager to the Funds. Certain expenses incurred by the Funds are paid upfront and are reimbursed from the Funds as permissible per fund agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the total accounts receivable from the Funds totaled million , of which million related to reimbursable expenses and million related to fees earned but not yet received. As of December 31, 2021 , the total accounts receivable from the Funds totaled million, of which million related to reimbursable expenses and million related to fees earned but not yet received. In certain instances, the Company may incur expenses related to specific products that never materialize. The costs are then removed from the balance sheet and expensed on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The management fees described here are included in accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the reimbursable expenses are included in due from related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon the closing of the Company s acquisition of ECG and ECP, the Advisory Agreement between ECG and Enhanced PC immediately became effective. Under this agreement, ECG provides advisory services to Enhanced PC related to the assets and operations of the permanent capital subsidiaries owned by Enhanced PC, as contributed by both ECG and ECP, and new projects undertaken by Enhanced PC. In exchange for those services, which commenced on January 1, 2021, ECG receives advisory fees from Enhanced PC based on a declining fixed fee schedule, initially totaling million over . As a result of new projects during 2021, ECG will receive additional advisory fees from Enhanced PC totaling million over , based on a declining fixed fee schedule. This agreement is subject to customary termination provisions. Since inception, million of the total million advisory fees have been recognized as revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, advisory fees earned or recognized under this agreement were million, million and , respectively, and is reported in management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance was million and million and is included in due from related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon the closing of the Company s acquisition of ECG and ECP, the Administrative Services Agreement between ECG and Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc. ECH ), the entity which holds a controlling equity interest in ECP, immediately became effective. Under th is agreement, ECG will pay ECH for the use of their employees to provide services to Enhanced PC at the direction of ECG. The Company recognized million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to this agreement within compensation and benefits on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. On September 10, 2021, ECG entered into a strategic partnership with Crossroads Impact Corp Crossroads ), parent company of Capital Plus Financial CPF ), a leading certified development financial institution. Under the terms of the agreement, Enhanced will originate and manage loans across its diverse lines of business including small business loans to women and minority owned businesses, and loans to renewable energy and community development projects. The loans will be held by CPF and CPF will pay an advisory fee to Enhanced. The Company recognized million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. revenues were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2020. On July 6, 2022, Crossroads entered into the Advisory Agreement (the Crossroads Advisory Agreement) with ECG. The Crossroads Advisory Agreement provides for ECG to receive a services fee of per year of the capital deployed by Crossroads under the Crossroads Advisory Agreement quarterly), and an incentive fee of over a hurdle rate. On July 6, 2022, certain funds managed by the Company purchased shares of Crossroads common stock at per shares, for an aggregate amount of approximately million. On August 1, 2022, an additional purchase of shares of Crossroads common stock at per share occurred. The Co-CEOs of the Company are directors of Crossroads . The Company recognized million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. revenues were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Upon the closing of the Bonaccord acquisition on September 30, 2021, an Advance Agreement and Secured Promissory Note was signed with BCP, an entity that was formed by employees of the Company. For details, see Note 6. 

 114 
 
 P10, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollar amounts stated in thousands) 
 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year-ended December 31, 2021 , respectively. Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a reduction to overall expense of million for a rent concession as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. P10 elected the practical expedient, whereby the concessions were treated as a reduction of rent expense during the period received. 

Operating lease liabilities 

Cash paid for lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less discount 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Earnout Payment With the acquisition of WTI, an earnout payment of up to million of cash and common stock may be earned upon meeting certain performance metrics.Upon the achievement of million, million, and million of EBTIDA, million, million, and million are earned, respectively. Of the total amount, million can be earned by the sellers and the remaining million would be allocated to employees of the Company at the time the earnout is earned. Payment to both sellers and employees is contingent on employment and, therefore, these earnout payments are recorded as compensation expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company will evaluate whether each earn-out hurdle is probable of occurring and recognize an expense over the period the hurdle is expected to be achieved. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that only the first two EBITDA hurdles are probable of being achieved. Total payment will not exceed million and any amounts paid will be paid by October 2027, at which point the earnout expires. For the period ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, million, million, and . million were recognized, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022, the balance was million, million, and million and is included in accrued compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. No payments have been made on the earnout. Bonus Payment In connection with the acquisition of WTI, certain employees entered into employment agreements. As part of these employment agreements, certain employees may receive a one-time bonus payment if the employee is employed by the Company as of the fifth anniversary of the effective date and the trailing-twelve month EBITDA of WTI at that time is equal to or greater than million. Payment can be made in cash or stock of P10, provided that no more than million will be payable in cash. Total payment will not exceed million and any amounts will be paid in October 2027, the fifth anniversary of the effective date. For the period ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 30, 2020, the Company recognized million, . million, and million of expense, respectively, which is included in compensation and benefits on the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 30, 2020, the balance was million, million, and million, respectively, and is included in accrued compensation and benefits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue Share Arrangement The Company recognizes an accrued contingent liability and contingent payments to customers asset in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for an agreement that exists between ECG and a third party. The agreement requires ECG to share in certain revenues earned with the third party and also includes an option for the third party to sell back the revenue share to ECG at a set multiple. The Company s contingent liabilities and corresponding contingent payments to customers are recognized once determined to be probable. The contingent payments to customers are amortized and recorded within management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the expected period before exercise of an option occurs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that the put options are probable and have accrued an estimated contingent liability and contingent payments to customers. As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the balance was million, million, and million, respectively, and is included in accrued contingent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The associated contingent payments to customers asset balance was million, million, and million as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. The Company recognized million, million, and million of amortization of contingent payments to customers for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively, which is included in management and advisory fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company will remeasure each period and recognize all changes as if they occurred at inception and recognize changes in revenue. Contingencies We may be involved, either as plaintiff or defendant, in a variety of ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. We evaluated all potentially significant litigation, government investigations, claims or assessments in which we are involved and do not believe that any of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will result in losses that are materially in excess of amounts already recognized, if any. 

State 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Total Deferred 

() 

() 

Total provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Federal statutory rate 

Noncontrolling interest 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

Permanent items and other 

() 

Expiration of net operating losses and tax credits 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance increase/decrease 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

() 

() 

() 

Return to provision adjustments and change in tax rates 

() 

() 

Other 

Effective rate 

() 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. During the year, the Company completed an organizational restructure whereby the majority of it s assets were contributed to a majority owned entity, treated as a partnership for US Federal Income Tax purposes. As a result, the deferred taxes related to the contributed assets and liabilities have been characterized as a deferred tax asset arising from the outside basis difference in the partnership investment. 

Capitalized legal costs 

Stock compensation 

Interest expense 

Other 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Investment in partnership 

Debt obligations 

Suspended losses 

Intangibles 

Net operating losses and credit carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

Investment in partnership 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Right of use assets operating leases 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Due to the uncertainty of realizing the benefits of our domestic favorable tax attributes in future tax returns, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax asset of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance decreased by approximately million and million, respectively. The 2022 decrease is primarily attributable to the release of valuation allowances for state net operating loss carryforwards while the 2021 valuation allowance decrease is due primarily to the release of valuation allowance on partnership outside basis differences. Among other factors in 2022, the Company s long-term management and advisory fee contracts and related projected income serve as the positive evidence to support the release of the valuation allowance. Additionally, the Company s restructuring undertaken in 2021 as part of the IPO transaction introduced new sources of taxable income available to absorb existing loss carry forwards. With the exception of certain deferred tax assets, primarily related to built-in capital losses, management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. As of De cember 31, 2022, the Company had federal and post-apportioned state NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, and research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million. The federal NOL and credit carryforwards may expire beginning in 2023, if not utilized. This includes million of federal NOLs that may expire in 2023, million that may expire in 2024, and million that may expire between 2025-2037. The state NOLs may expire beginning in 2023, if not utilized. This includes million that may expire between 2023 and 2029 and million that may expire between 2030 and 2039. Utilization of the NOLs and tax credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the change of ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credit carryforwards before utilization. Tax positions are evaluated utilizing a two-step process. The Company first determines whether any of its tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position. Once it is determined that a position meets this recognition threshold, the position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

() 

() 

Settlements 

Balance at December 31 

The uncertain tax position is primarily related to transfer pricing, research and development credits and state exposure due to intercompany interest expense. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes to the unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. The Company is not currently under audit in any other income tax jurisdictions. We are generally subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations for all tax years since 1999 due to our net operating loss carryforwards and the utilization of the carryforwards in years still open under statute. 

 On July 20, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the P10 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which replaced the 2018 Incentive Plan 2018 Plan ), our previously existing equity compensation plan. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may issue equity-based awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards. Options previously granted under the 2018 Plan cliff vest over a period of four or s. The term of each option is no more than s from the date of grant. When the options are exercised, the Board of Directors has the option of issuing shares of common stock or paying a lump sum cash payment on the exercise date equal to the difference between the common stock s fair market value on the exercise date and the option price. Terms of all future awards will be granted under the Plan, and no additional awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan. Awards granted under the 2018 Plan continue to follow the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan provided for an initial shares (adjusted for the reverse stock split). The Plan provided for the issuance of shares available for grant, in addition to those approved in the 2018 Plan for a total of shares. On March 15, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the settlement of million options from a grantee with a fair market value option price of , less a negotiated discount of , totaling million. This was paid on April 4, 2022. On June 17, 2022, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the shareholders authorized an increase of shares that may be issued under the Plan creating a total of shares available for grant under the Plan and the 2018 Plan. On October 21, 2022, a special meeting of stockholders was held to increase the number of shares issuable under the Plan by shares. As of December 31, 2022, there are million shares available for grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Settled 

() 

Expired/Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Expected life 
 
 (yrs) 

(yrs) 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

The Company has granted restricted stock units RSUs to certain employees. Holders of RSUs have no voting rights and are not eligible to receive dividends or other distributions paid with respect to any RSUs that have not vested. All of the shares currently vest one year from the grant date excluding the restricted stock units at Hark and Bonaccord which are discussed in more detail below. At the time of the Bonaccord acquisition, the Company entered into a Notice of Restricted Stock Units with certain employees of Bonaccord for grants of Restricted Stock Units Bonaccord Units to be allocated to employees at a later date for meeting certain performance metrics. The Bonaccord Units may not be transferred, sold, pledged, exchanged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by any grantee until it has become vested. On August 16, 2022, allocations were finalized pursuant to which an aggregate a value of million of units may vest at each future achievement of performance metrics . As of December 31, 2022, certain performance metrics have been met and units have been allocated and issued to specific employees. The Company evaluates whether it is probable that the Bonaccord Units will vest and applies the tranche method to determine the amount of expense to recognized during the period. An expense of million has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The unrecognized expense associated with the Bonaccord Units was million as of December 31, 2022. At the time of the Hark acquisition, the Company entered into a Notice of Restricted Stock Units with an employee, which grants Restricted Stock Units Hark Units for meeting a certain performance metric. The Hark Units may not be transferred, s old, pledged, exchanged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by any grantee until they have become vested. As of December 31, 2022, no Hark Units have vested but the Company believes it is probable that the RSUs will be earned. An expense of million has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unvested units are recognized ratably as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and expense is recognized over the expected vesting period. The unrecognized expense associated with the Hark Units was million as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of 

Weighted-Average Grant 

RSUs 

Date Fair Value Per RSU 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value is recognized for these awards over the vesting period and is included in compensation and benefits on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Of the million of stock-based compensation expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, million re lates to the Bonaccord Units and Hark Units. Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding unvested stock options as of December 31, 2022 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Any future forfeitures will impact this amount. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Numerator: 

Numerator for basic calculation Net income 

Numerator for basic calculation Net income attributable to P10 

Adjustment for: 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in P10 Intermediate 

Numerator for earnings per share 

Numerator for earnings per share assuming dilution 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic calculation Weighted- average shares 

Weighted shares assumed upon conversion of partnership units 

Weighted shares assumed upon exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs 

Denominator for earnings per share assuming dilution 

Earnings per share basic 

Earnings per share diluted 

The computations of diluted earnings per share excluded options to purchase million shares of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million options for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively, because the options were anti-dilutive. 

 of the aggregate issued and outstanding share capital of P10 Intermediate with P10 owning the remaining through its ownership of the outstanding common stock of P10 Intermediate. The third-party ownership interest represents a noncontrolling interest in P10 Intermediate, which we have a controlling interest in. Dividends on the preferred shares were recognized as preferred dividends attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In connection with the IPO on October 20, 2021, all preferred shares were contractually converted to Class B common shares. 

 options under the 2021 Incentive Plan. The options vest over and expire from the grant date. On March 9, 2023, the Company granted to employees res tricted stock units under the 2021 Incentive Plan. The options vest over . The Board of Directors of the Company has declared a quarterly dividend of per share of Class A and Class B common stock, payable on March 31, 2023, to the holders of record as of the close of business on March 16, 2023. In accordance with ASC 855, Subsequent Events, the Company evaluated all material events or transactions that occurred after December 31, 2022, the Consolidated Balance Sheet date, through the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were issued, and determined there have been no additional events or transactions that would materially impact the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 123 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgement in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives. 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recent quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 124 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 125 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1. All financial statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not required or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3. Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index of Exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of P10, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of P10, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (incorporate by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, made as of August 18, 2021, by and among Aberdeen Standard Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Standard Life Portfolio Investments US Inc., a Delaware corporation, Aberdeen Capital Managements LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company, the sellers, Bonaccord Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the buyer, and, with respect to Section 15.16, P10 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the buyer parent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, made as of August 18, 2021, by and among Aberdeen Standard Investments Inc., a Delaware corporation, Aberdeen Capital Management LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company, the sellers, Hark Capital Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the buyer, and, with respect to Section 15.16, P10 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the buyer parent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Controlled Company Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among P10, Inc. and the parties listed on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and each of the other persons and entities party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into between the Company and certain of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 P10, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2020, by and among Five Points Capital, Inc., a North Carolina S corporation, David G. Townsend, Trustee of the David G. Townsend Revocable Living Trust Agreement Dated 9-9-2004, Martin P. Gilmore, Trustee of the Martin Paul Gilmore 2008 Revocable Trust dated March 17, 2008, Thomas H. Westbrook and Christopher N. Jones, David G. Townsend, P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and P10 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, solely for 

126 

purposes of Section 11.12 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and among TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TrueBridge Colonial Fund, u/a dated 11/15/2015, MAW Management Co., a Delaware corporation, Edwin Poston, solely for purposes of Sections 8.7 and 11.9, Mel A. Williams, solely for purposes of Sections 8.7 and 11.10, Poston and Williams, P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and P10 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among (i) P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (ii) Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) the parties set forth on Schedule A (the Sellers and each, a Seller ), (iv) solely for purposes of Section 6.18, the parties set forth on Schedule B, (v) solely in its capacity as the representative of the Sellers, Stone Point Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (vi) solely for purposes of Section 5.1, Section 5.2, Section 5.3, Section 5.7, Section 5.8, Section 5.9, Section 6.20, Section 6.24 and Section 11.22, P10 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Joinder and Amendment No. 1 to the Securities Purchase Agreement is made and entered into as of December 14, 2020, by and among (i) P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (ii) Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (iv) solely for purposes of Section 1, Korengold Family Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of January 1, 2021, by and between P10 Holdings, Inc. and Robert Alpert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of January 1, 2021, by and between P10 Holdings, Inc. and C.Clark Webb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of October 6, 2017, by and between RCP Advisors 3, LLC and William F. Souder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among P10 Holdings, Inc., RCP Advisors 3, LLC and William F. Souder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of October 6, 2017, by and between RCP Advisors 3, LLC and Jeff Gehl (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among P10 Holdings, Inc., RCP Advisors 3, LLC and Jeff Gehl (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement re: Sale and Purchase of Five Points Capital, Inc. (Management Fees - Seller), dated January 16, 2020, by and among P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, Five Points Capital, Inc., David G. Townsend, in his individual capacity and as Trustee of the David G. Townsend Revocable Living Trust Agreement Dated 9-9-2004, Martin P. Gilmore in his individual capacity and as Trustee of the Martin Paul Gilmore 2008 Revocable Trust dated March 17, 2008, Thomas H. Westbrook and Christopher N. Jones and each signatory identified as a GP Entity on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement re: Sale and Purchase of Five Points Capital, Inc. (Management Fees - Partners), dated January 16, 2020, by and among P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, Five Points Capital, Inc.,Jonathan B. Blanco, S.Whitfield Edwards, Scott L. Snow and Marshall C. White (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

127 

10.20 
 
 Letter Agreement re: Sale and Purchase of TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC, dated August 24, 2020, by and among P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC, Edwin Poston and Mel A. Williams (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020, by and among P10 RCP Holdco LLC, P10 Holdings, Inc., P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, RCP Advisors 2, LLC, RCP Advisors 3, LLC, Five Points Capital, Inc., TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC and HPS Investment Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Enhanced Reorganization Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Tax Credit Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and solely for purposes of Section 3.1(c), Michael Korengold (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Enhanced Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020, by and among Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Tax Credit Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Enhanced Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2020, but effective as of December 14, 2020, by and among Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Tax Credit Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.25 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and between Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Certain information in this document has been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(6) because it contains personally identifiable information (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021). 

10.26 
 
 Advisory Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and between Enhanced Capital Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on September 27, 2021).Certain information in this document has been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(6) because it contains personally identifiable information. 

10.27 
 
 Form of Company Lock-Up Agreement, by and between P10, Inc. and the party listed on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and among Westech Investment Advisors LLC, P10, Inc., Westech Investment Management, Inc., Maurice C. Werdegar, David R. Wanek, the Bonnie Sue Swenson Survivors Trust and Jay L. Cohan, and David R. Wanek (in his capacity as the Seller Representative) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022). 

10.29 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated August 25, 2022 by and among P10, Inc., P10 Holdings Inc., P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, and the other signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Increase Joinder and Credit Agreement First Amendment, dated August 25, 2022, by and among P10, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Currrent Report in Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022). 

128 

10.31 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2022 by and between P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Amanda Coussens. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as to P10, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 129 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

P10, Inc. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alpert 

Robert Alpert 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Robert Alpert and C. Clark Webb, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

P10, Inc. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alpert 

Robert Alpert 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ C. Clark Webb 

C. Clark Webb 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Amanda Coussens 

Amanda Coussens 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Travis Barnes 

Travis Barnes 

Director 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Edwin Poston 

Edwin Poston 

Director 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ William F. Souder, Jr. 

William F. Souder, Jr. 

Director 

130 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert B. Stewart, Jr. 

Robert B. Stewart, Jr. 

Director 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott Gwilliam 

Scott Gwilliam 

Director 

131 

<EX-10>
 2
 px-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement ), is made and entered into as of November 11, 2022, by and between P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC (the Company ), and Amanda Coussens (the Executive ). 
 
 RECITALS: 
 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company desire to memorialize the terms and conditions of the Executive s employment with the Company and its affiliates by entering into an employment agreement; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth below, it is hereby covenanted and agreed by the Company and the Executive as follows: 
 
 1. Title and Job Duties 

(a) The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive in the position of Chief Financial Officer and the Executive, in such capacity, agrees to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. In this capacity, Executive shall have the duties, authorities and responsibilities that are designated from time to time by the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and commensurate with her title. In performing her duties under this Employment Agreement, Executive shall report to the CEO and otherwise will be subject to the direction and control of the CEO. 

(b) Executive accepts such employment and agrees, during the term of her employment to: (i) devote the majority of her full business and professional time and energy to the Company; (ii) use her best efforts, skill and knowledge in the performance of her services, duties and responsibilities, and to promote the success of the Company s business; (iii) serve the Company s best interests faithfully, loyally, efficiently and diligently; (iv) cooperate with the reasonable and lawful directives of the Company in the furtherance of the best interests of the Company; and (v) comply with the Company s applicable rules, policies, practices and procedures as well as all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, Executive agrees to serve in such other capacities or offices to which she may be assigned, appointed or elected from time to time by the Board, including without limitation as the chief financial officer of P10, Inc. P10 ). 

(c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive shall not, without the written approval of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), render services of a business or commercial nature on her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, firm, or corporation, whether for compensation or otherwise, during her employment hereunder; provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Executive from (i) serving on the boards of directors of, or holding any other offices or positions in non-profit organizations and, with the prior written approval of the Board, other for-profit companies, (ii) participating in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs, and (iii) managing Executive s personal investments, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not materially interfere or conflict with Executive s duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be able to engage in the following activities listed in Exhibit A. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 4856-3367-9676.1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 2. Compensation . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Employment Agreement, during the Employment Period, the Executive shall be compensated by the Company for her services as follows: 

(a) Base Salary . Executive shall receive a salary of 400,000.00 per annum (the Base Salary ), payable in substantially equal monthly or more frequent installments and subject to normal tax withholdings. The Executive s base salary thereafter shall be set by the Board from time to time in its sole discretion. 

(b) Bonus . Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus based on the Company s performance and the Executive having achieved performance benchmarks that shall be set jointly by the Board and the Executive each year in the context of the Executive s review (the Annual Bonus ). The Annual Bonus can be paid in the form of either cash, restricted stock, restricted stock units or a carried interest in the Company s investment vehicles, at the discretion of the Board. 

(c) Equity . Executive shall be eligible to receive such additional equity compensation in such amount and on such terms as shall be determined by the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board from time to time. 

(d) Benefits . Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time that are available to other senior level executives, which includes health and dental insurance (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other senior level executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law. Any benefits available to the Executive are subject to the rules of the relevant plan or program from time to time in force. The Company reserves the right to substitute another provider of any of the benefits available to the Executive or alter the benefits available to the Executive at any time. 

(e) Vacation; Perquisites . The Executive shall be entitled to vacation in accordance with the Company s standard vacation policy extended to employees of the Company generally, at levels commensurate with Executive s position. The Executive shall be entitled to any other benefits and perquisites on substantially the same terms and conditions as may be awarded to the employees of the Company from time to time. 

(f) Travel and Entertainment . The Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for all reasonable business, promotional, travel and entertainment expenses incurred or paid by the Executive during the Employment Period in the performance of her services under this Employment Agreement in accordance with the Company s reimbursement policy and to the extent that such expenses do not exceed the amounts allocable for such expenses in budgets that are approved from time to time by the Company. In order that the Company reimburse the Executive for such allowable expenses, the Executive shall furnish to the Company, in a timely fashion, the appropriate documentation required by the Internal Revenue Code in connection with 

2 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 such expenses and shall furnish such other documentation and accounting as the Company may from time to time reasonably request. 
 
 3. Employment Period . The terms set forth in this Employment Agreement will commence on the date hereof and remain in effect for one (1) year (the Initial Term unless earlier terminated as otherwise provided in Section 4 below. The Initial Term shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year periods (each a Renewal Year ), unless the Company or Executive has delivered written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the Renewal Year, or the Employment Agreement is earlier terminated as otherwise provided in Section 4 below. For purposes of this Employment Agreement, the Term shall refer to the Initial Term and any Renewal Year. Notwithstanding this, the Executive s employment with the Company shall be at will, meaning that either Executive or the Company shall be entitled to terminate Executive s employment at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause, subject to the obligations in Section 5. 

4. Termination . 

(a) Termination at the Company s Election . 

(i) For Cause . At the election of the Company, Executive s employment may be terminated for Cause (as defined below) immediately upon written notice to Executive. For purposes of this Employment Agreement, Cause for termination shall mean that Executive: (A) pleads guilty or no contest to or is indicted for or convicted of a felony under federal or state law or a crime under federal or state law which involves Executive s fraud or dishonesty; (B) in carrying out her duties, engages in conduct that constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct; (C) engages in misconduct that causes material harm to the reputation of the Company or knowingly or recklessly engages in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; or (D) materially breaches any term of this Employment Agreement or written policy of the Company, provided that for subsections (C) through (D), if the breach reasonably may be cured, Executive has been given at least thirty (30) days after Executive s receipt of written notice of such breach from the Company to cure such breach. Whether or not such breach has been cured will be determined in the Board s sole discretion. 

(ii) Upon Disability, Death or Without Cause . At the election of the Company, Executive s employment may be terminated without Cause: (A) should Executive, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment, become unable to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, the essential functions of her job for the Company hereunder and such incapacity has continued for a total of ninety (90) consecutive days or for any one hundred eighty (180) days in a period of three hundred sixty-five (365) consecutive days (a Disability ); (B) upon Executive s death Death ); or (C) upon thirty (30) days written notice to Executive for any other reason or for no reason at all Without Cause ). 

(b) Termination by Executive. 

(i) Voluntary Resignation or Retirement . Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Employment Agreement to the contrary, Executive may terminate her 

3 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 employment hereunder at any time and for any reason whatsoever or for no reason at all in Executive s sole discretion by giving twenty-one (21) days written notice pursuant to Section 10 of this Employment Agreement Voluntary Resignation ), but the Company may in its sole discretion waive Executive s continued employment or right to compensation or benefits, except as provided in Section 5(b) of this Employment Agreement, during this notice period. 
 
 (ii) For Good Reason . At the election of the Executive, Executive s employment may be terminated for Good Reason (as defined below) upon written notice to the Company. For purposes of this Employment Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of one of the following events, without Executive s express written consent, within one year following a Change in Control (as defined below) of the Company: (A) the material breach by the Company of any of the covenants, representations, terms or provisions hereof, including failure to pay Executive s Base Salary or any bonus payment to which Executive is entitled within ten days of the date any such payment is due, (B) a material diminution in Executive s title, authority, responsibilities, or duties, including reporting requirements, or (C) a relocation of the Executive s principal place of employment to a location more than twenty-five (25) miles from the Company s current principal place of business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order for Executive to terminate for Good Reason, Executive must deliver written notice of the Good Reason occurrence within thirty days of the occurrence and the Company must fail to correct such occurrence in all material respects within thirty days following written notification by Executive. 

5. Payments Upon Termination of Employment . 

(a) Termination for Cause, Death, Disability, or Voluntary Resignation . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, Death or Disability or is terminated by Executive as a Voluntary Resignation, then the Company shall pay or provide to Executive the following amounts only: (i) her Base Salary accrued up to and including the date of termination or resignation, paid within such time required by applicable law; (ii) accrued, unused vacation time, paid in accordance with the Company s written policies and applicable law; (iii) unreimbursed expenses, paid in accordance with this Employment Agreement and the Company s written policies; and (iv) accrued benefits under any Company benefit plan, paid pursuant to the terms of such benefit plan (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). 

(b) Termination Without Cause or Non-Renewal by the Company or by Executive for Good Reason . If the Company terminates Executive s employment Without Cause, Executive s employment ends after the Company provides a notice of non-renewal, or Executive terminates her employment for Good Reason, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, the Company shall provide Executive the following: (i) a severance payment, payable in a lump sum, equal to twelve (12) months of Executive s Base Salary, (ii) reimbursement for the Executive s cost of COBRA premiums for health insurance continuation coverage (to the extent such premiums exceed the contributory cost for the same coverage that the Company charges active employees) for twelve months or until her right to COBRA continuation expires, whichever is shorter; provided that Executive timely elects and is eligible for COBRA coverage, (iii) the target amount of the Annual Bonus, and (iv) immediate vesting of any equity or carried interest granted to Executive. Such payment and other consideration are subject to Executive s execution and delivery of a general waiver release of claims (that is no longer subject to revocation under applicable law) against the Company, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates and each of their respective officers, 

4 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns in a form satisfactory to the Company. All payments under this Section above shall begin to be made within sixty (60) days following Company s receipt of executed fully effective non-revocable general release; provided, however, that to the extent required by Code Section 409A (as defined below), if the sixty (60) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in the second calendar year, all payments will be made in the second calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company terminates the Executive s employment without Cause, Executive s employment ends after the Company provides a notice of non-renewal, or Executive terminates her employment for Good Reason, either (x) during a period of time when the Company is party to a fully executed letter of intent or a definitive corporate transaction agreement, the consummation of which would result in a Change of Control (defined below) or (y) within eighteen months following a Change of Control, then the severance payment under (i) shall equal the equivalent of eighteen (18) months of Base Salary and the reimbursement under (ii) shall continue for eighteen (18) months Change of Control Payment ). 
 
 (c) If Executive is found to have breached the restrictive covenants found in Sections 6 or 7 or violate any obligations set forth in the effective general release, the payments under Section 5(b) shall immediately cease and be forfeited, and Executive shall return any portion of the payments already paid to Executive in accordance with Section 5(b). 

(d) Change in Control . For purposes of this Employment Agreement, Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

(i) any person, other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of P10 or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareowners of P10 in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of P10, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of P10 representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by P10 s then outstanding voting securities; 

(ii) during any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director whose election by the board of directors of P10 (the P10 Board or nomination for election by P10 s shareowners was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; 

(iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of P10 with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of P10 outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of P10 or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or 

(iv) the shareowners of P10 approve a plan of complete liquidation of P10 or an agreement for the sale or disposition by P10 of all or substantially all of P10 s assets. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a corporate restructuring (i) whereby a new parent company is created and immediately following such transaction P10 is a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 

5 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 such new parent company, whether through reorganization, merger, exchange or other corporate means, or (ii) in connection with or in preparation for an initial public offering, in each case, shall not be deemed to be a Change of Control. 
 
 6. Restrictive Covenants . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Executive has a major responsibility for the operation, development and growth of P10 and the Company s business; (ii) as a result of the Executive s work for P10 and the Company the Executive will have access to and be given Confidential Information (defined below) of P10 and the Company and its clients that Executive did not have access to or was not given prior to the execution of this Employment Agreement; and (iii) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 6 are essential to protect the legitimate business interests of P10 and the Company and that the Company will not enter into this Employment Agreement but for such agreements and covenants. Accordingly, the Executive covenants and agrees to the following: 

(a) Confidential Information . 

(i) Executive understands that during her employment, she may have access to unpublished and otherwise confidential information both of a technical and non-technical nature, relating to the business of the Company, P10, or any of the Company s parents, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates (collectively, Affiliated Entities ), or clients, including without limitation any of their actual or anticipated business, research or development, any of their technology or the implementation or exploitation thereof, including without limitation information Executive and others have collected, obtained or created, information pertaining to clients, accounts, vendors, prices, costs, materials, processes, codes, material results, technology, system designs, system specifications, materials of construction, trade secrets or equipment designs, including information disclosed to the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities by others under agreements to hold such information confidential (collectively, the Confidential Information ). Executive agrees to observe all policies and procedures of the Company, P10, and the Affiliated Entities concerning such Confidential Information. Executive further agrees not to disclose or use, either during her employment or at any time thereafter, any Confidential Information for any purpose, including without limitation any competitive purpose, unless authorized to do so by the Company in writing, except that she may disclose and use such information in the good faith performance of her duties for the Company. Executive s obligations under this Employment Agreement will continue with respect to Confidential Information, whether or not her employment is terminated, until such information becomes generally available from public sources through no fault of Executive or any representative of Executive. 

(ii) During Executive s employment, upon the Company s or P10 s request, or upon the termination of her employment for any reason, Executive will immediately deliver to the Company and P10 all documents, records, files, notebooks, manuals, letters, notes, reports, customer and supplier lists, cost and profit data, e-mail, apparatus, laptops, computers, smartphones, tablets or other PDAs, hardware, software, drawings, blueprints, and any other material of the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities or clients, including all materials pertaining to or containing Confidential Information, and all copies of such materials, whether of a technical, business or fiscal nature, whether on the hard drive of a laptop or desktop computer, in hard copy, disk or any other format, which are in her possession, custody or control. 

6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 (iii) Nothing contained in this Employment Agreement, in any way, restricts or impedes the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement, from preventing the disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. The Executive hereby promises and covenants to promptly provide written notice to the Company of any such order, unless such notice is prohibited. Moreover, notwithstanding any other provision of this Employment Agreement, the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that: is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Company s trade secrets to the Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive files any document containing trade secrets under seal, and does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. 

(b) Non-Solicitation . 

(i) The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that (1) the services, duties and responsibilities to be rendered by her to the Company under the Employment Agreement are of a special and unique character; (2) the Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Company's industry, methods of doing business and marketing strategies by virtue of the Executive's employment; and (3) shall be given access to and training regarding the Company s and P10 s Confidential Information as well as knowledge of its current and prospective clients, clients, vendors and suppliers. 

(ii) During Executive s employment with the Company or its Affiliated Entities and for twelve (12) months following the termination thereof for any reason (the Restricted Period ), the Executive shall not solicit for business or accept the business of, any person or entity who is, or was at any time within the previous twelve (12) months, a Customer (as defined below) of the Company, P10, or any of Affiliated Entities. 

(iii) Throughout the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, employ, solicit, for employment, or otherwise contract for or hire, the services of any individual who is then an employee of or consultant to the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities or who was an employee or consultant of the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities during the twelve (12) month period preceding the termination of her employment. 

(iv) Throughout the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not take any action that could reasonably be expected to have the effect of encouraging or inducing any employee, consultant, representative, officer, or director of the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities to cease their relationship with the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities for any reason. 

7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 (v) For purposes of this Employment Agreement, the term Territory shall mean throughout the area comprising the Company s, P10 s, or any Affiliated Entities, as applicable, market for its services and products within which area Executive was materially concerned during the twelve (12) month period prior to the termination of Executive s employment. 

(vi) For purposes of this Employment Agreement, the term Customer(s) shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, business or other entity, whether for-profit or not-for-profit, public, privately held, or owned by the United States government that is a business entity or individual with whom the Company, P10, or any Affiliated Entities has done business or with whom Executive has actively negotiated with during the twelve 

(12) month period preceding the termination of Executive s employment. 
 
 (vii) The Company and Executive believe the limitations as to time, geographic area, and scope of activity contained in this Section 6(b) are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint than necessary to protect the Company s and P10 s Confidential Information, goodwill, and legitimate business interests. If any covenant, provision, agreement, or part thereof contained herein is found by a court having jurisdiction to be unreasonable in duration, geographic scope or character of restrictions, such covenant, provision agreement, or part thereof shall not be rendered unenforceable, but rather the duration, geographic scope or character of restrictions of such covenant, provision agreement or part thereof shall be deemed reduced or modified with retroactive effect to render such covenant, provision or agreement reasonable, and such covenant, provision, agreement, or part thereof shall be enforced as modified. If the court having jurisdiction will not revise the covenant, provision, agreement, or part thereof, the parties hereto shall mutually agree to a revision having an effect as close as permitted by applicable law to the provision declared unenforceable. 

(viii) In the event the Executive breaches the restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 6, then the running of the Restricted Period shall be tolled and suspended during the time period in which Executive acts in breach of this Employment Agreement. 

(ix) Executive shall provide a copy of this Employment Agreement to any prospective employer, partner, or co-venturer prior to entering into an employment, independent contractors, consultant, partnership or other business relationship with such person or entity during the Restricted Period. 

7. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Executive . 

(a) No Restrictive Covenants . Executive represents and warrants to the Company that she is not subject to any agreement restricting her ability to enter into this Employment Agreement and fully carry out her duties and responsibilities hereunder and that the performance by Executive of services, duties, and responsibilities under this Employment Agreement does not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other non- competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, employment agreement, or other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or otherwise bound. Executive hereby indemnifies and holds the Company harmless against any losses, claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys 

8 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 fees), damages or liabilities incurred by the Company as a result of a breach of the foregoing representation and warranty. 
 
 (b) Adherence to Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy . The Executive represents and warrants that she has received a copy of the Company s Code of Ethics and its Insider Trading Policy. The Executive covenants and agrees to adhere to both the Code of Ethics and the Insider Trading Policy as may be amended from time to time. The Executive acknowledges that a material violation of either the Code of Ethics or the Insider Trading Policy would constitute a material breach of this Employment Agreement. 

(c) Reasonableness of Geographic Scope and Time Limitations . The Executive acknowledges and agrees the geographic restrictions and time restrictions set forth in Section 6 of this Employment Agreement are fair, reasonable, and necessary to preserve the Company s Confidential Information and to adequately protect the Company s legitimate business interests and goodwill. The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that that compliance with this Employment Agreement is necessary to protect the Company s Confidential Information, goodwill, and other proprietary interests of the Company and that a breach of this Employment Agreement may give rise to substantial irreparable and continuing injury to the Company which is not adequately compensable in monetary damages or at law. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that enforcement of the restrictive covenants in this Employment Agreement are not contrary to the public health, safety and welfare and that the population of the Relevant Area is adequately served by other companies and workers performing similar duties and offering similar services. 

(d) Assignment of Intellectual Property . 

(i) Executive will promptly disclose to the Company any idea, invention, discovery or improvement, whether patentable or not Creations ), conceived or made by her alone or with others at any time during her employment with the Company. Executive agrees that the Company owns any such Creations, and Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the Company all moral and other rights she has or may acquire therein and agrees to execute any and all applications, assignments and other instruments relating thereto which the Company deems necessary or desirable. These obligations shall continue beyond the termination of her employment with respect to Creations and derivatives of such Creations conceived or made during her employment with the Company. The Company and Executive understand that the obligation to assign Creations to the Company shall not apply to any Creation which is developed entirely on her own time without using any of the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, and/or Confidential Information Executive Creations unless such Creation (i) relates in any way to the business or to the current or anticipated research or development of the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities, or (ii) results in any way from her work at the Company. 

(ii) In any jurisdiction in which moral rights cannot be assigned, Executive hereby waives any such moral rights and any similar or analogous rights under the applicable laws of any country of the world that Executive may have in connection with the Creations, and to the extent such waiver is unenforceable, hereby covenants and agrees not to bring any claim, suit or other legal proceeding against the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities claiming that Executive s moral rights to the Creations have been violated. 

9 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 (iii) Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company, both during and after her employment with the Company, with respect to the procurement, maintenance and enforcement of copyrights, patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights (both in the United States and foreign countries) relating to such Creations. Executive shall sign all papers, including, without limitation, copyright applications, patent applications, declarations, oaths, formal assignments, assignments of priority rights and powers of attorney, which the Company, acting reasonably, may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Creations. Executive further agrees that if the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Executive s signature on any such papers, any officer of the Company shall be entitled to execute such papers as her agent and attorney-in-fact and Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company as her agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such papers on her behalf and to take any and all actions as the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Creations, under the conditions described in this paragraph, all to the exclusion of Executive s Creations. 

8. Remedies . The Executive acknowledges that the Company would be irreparably injured without any adequate remedy at law by a violation of the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 6 or 7, and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order, and/or preliminary or permanent injunction restraining the Executive from any actual or threatened breach of the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 6 or 7, or to any other appropri- ate equitable remedy as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants in Sections 6 or 7. To the extent that the Company seeks injunctive relief, the Executive agrees that such injunctive may be obtained ex parte and without the posting of a bond by the Company. Any such equitable or injunctive relief shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any appropriate relief in the way of monetary damages that the parties may seek in arbitration. 

9. Waiver of Breach . The waiver by either the Company or the Executive of a breach of any provision of this Employment Agreement shall not operate as or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach by either the Company or the Executive. Any waiver must be in writing 

10. Notice . Any notice to be given hereunder by a party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when received or, when delivered by nationally-recognized overnight carrier: 

(a) to the Executive addressed as follows: Amanda Coussens 

4428 Mockingbird Parkway 
 Dallas, Texas 75205 
 
 (b) to the Company addressed as follows: 

P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC 4514 Cole Avenue, Suite 1600 
 Dallas, TX 75205 
 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

10 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 
 with copies to: 
 
 BakerHostetler LLP 
 45 Rockefeller Center, 14 th Floor New York, New York 10111 Attention: Adam W. Finerman 
 
 11. Amendment . This Employment Agreement may not be amended orally in any manner or in writing without the written consent of the Company and the Executive. No provision of this Employment Agreement may be waived, delayed, modified, terminated or otherwise impaired without the prior written consent of the Company and the Executive. 

12. Entire Agreement . This Employment Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the Executive s employment with the Company contemplated by this Employment Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, oral or written, express or implied, between the parties with respect to such employment. Sections 6 and 7 of this Employment Agreement shall survive the termination of this Employment Agreement. 

13. Applicable Law . The provisions of this Employment Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Texas. 

14. Assignment; Successors and Assigns, etc . This Employment Agreement is a personal contract and Executive may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate her rights, interests and obligations hereunder. Except as otherwise herein expressly provided, this Employment Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Executive and her personal representatives and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, except that the Company may not assign this Employment Agreement without Executive s prior written consent, except to an acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

15. Enforceability . If a court determines that any provision of this Agreement contains an invalid or unenforceable restriction, the court is requested and authorized to revise or modify such provision to include the maximum restriction allowed under applicable law. If any portion or provision of this Employment Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Employment Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, and cannot be modified to be enforceable, then the remainder of this Employment Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Employment Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

16. Counterparts . This Employment Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts 

11 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or .pdf signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 
 
 17. Arbitration . Other than Company s request for injunctive relief arising from a violation of the restrictive covenants in Sections 6 and 7, all disputes and disagreements arising from, relating to, or otherwise connected with this Employment Agreement, the breach of this Employment Agreement, the enforcement, interpretation or validity of this Employment Agreement, or the employment relationship (including any wage claim, claim for wrongful termination, or any claim based upon any statute, regulation, or law, including those dealing with employment discrimination or retaliation, sexual harassment, civil rights, age, or disability) that the Company may have against you or that you may have against the Company, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this Employment Agreement to arbitrate, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures applicable at the time the arbitration is commenced. A copy of the current version of the JAMS Rules will be made available to you upon request. The Rules may be amended from time to time and are also available online https:/ /www.jamsadr.com/rule s -employment-arbitration/. Arbitration shall take place in Dallas, Texas and shall be conducted before a single arbitrator selected by and in accordance with the rules and procedures of the JAMS. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties. Judgment on any award may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction, and application may be made to such court for a judicial acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. The expenses of the arbitration (including any arbitrator fees) shall be borne equally by the Executive and the Company. Each of the parties shall bear the fees and expenses of its own legal counsel. 

18. Compliance with Section 409A . This Employment Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Employment Agreement, payments provided under this Employment Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Employment Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non- compliance with Section 409A. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

12 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and the Company have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first above written. 

Amanda Coussens 

By: 	 P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC 

13 

DocuSign Envelope ID: C5CEDC5A-1156-4472-B2F7-648D65F325B6 
 EXHIBIT A- PERMITTED ACTIVITIES 
 
 1. Serving on the Board of Granite Ridge Resources, Inc. (GRNT), a NYSE listed company 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 px-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT (as of December 31, 2022) 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Subsidiary State of Incorporation or Organization 

P10 Holdings, Inc. 

DE 

P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC 

DE 

P10 Advisors, LLC 

DE 

P10 RCP Holdco, LLC 

DE 

RCP Advisors 2, LLC 

DE 

RCP Advisors 3, LLC 

DE 

Five Points Capital, Inc. 

DE 

TrueBridge Capital Partners LLC 

DE 

Enhanced Capital Group, LLC 

DE 

Trident ECG Holdings, Inc. 

DE 

Trident ECP Holdings Inc. 

DE 

Enhanced Capital Holdings, Inc. 

DE 

Enhanced Capital Partners, LLC 

DE 

Hark Capital Advisors LLC 

DE 

Bonaccord Capital Partners LLC 

DE 

Westech Investment Advisors LLC 

DE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 px-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (Nos. 333-269425 and 333-264882) on Form S-8 and the registration statement (No. 333-268275) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of P10, Inc.. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois March 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 px-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Alpert, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of P10, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alpert 

Robert Alpert 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 px-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, C. Clark Webb, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of P10, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ C. Clark Webb 

C. Clark Webb 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 px-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Amanda Coussens, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of P10, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Amanda Coussens 

Amanda Coussens 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 px-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of P10, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alpert 

Robert Alpert 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 px-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of P10, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ C. Clark Webb 

C. Clark Webb 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 px-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of P10, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Amanda Coussens 

Amanda Coussens 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 px-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 23
 px-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 px-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 px-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 px-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

