<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1168081_0001213900-23-024716.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4275258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162380</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>885180</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>924649</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1138572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1058596</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024716.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165757
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024716
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Desert Hawk Gold Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001168081
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				820230997
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-169701
		FILM NUMBER:		23781479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 HOLCOMB AVE.
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 322-4621

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 HOLCOMB AVE.
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LUCKY JOE MINING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024716.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_deserthawk.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS employer 
identification number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the last price at which the common stock was last sold as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently competed second fiscal quarter was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock on March 30, 2023, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 4 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 9 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 15 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 15 
 
 PART II 
 
 16 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR Registrant s COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

ITEM 6. 
 [ RESERVED] 
 16 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 16 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 19 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 19 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 19 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 19 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 20 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 20 
 
 PART III 
 
 21 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 21 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 25 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 27 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 28 
 
 PART IV 
 
 29 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES 
 29 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 30 

Throughout this report, unless otherwise designated,
the terms we, us, our, the Company and our company refer to Desert
Hawk Gold Corp., a Nevada corporation. All amounts in this report are in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 

i 

Forward Looking Statements 

The statements contained in this report that are
not historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements found in the section entitled Risk Factors, are forward-looking
statements that represent management s beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements
include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, competitive position, potential
growth opportunities, potential operating performance improvements, ability to retain and recruit personnel, the effects of competition,
and the effects of future legislation or regulations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts
and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words believes , intends , may , should ,
 anticipates , expects , could , plans , or comparable terminology or by discussions of strategy or trends. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot give any assurances that these
expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect
expected results, and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. 

Among the factors that could cause actual future
results to differ materially are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Report. While it is not possible to identify all factors,
we continue to face many risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the following: 

environmental
hazards; 

metallurgical
and other processing problems; 

unusual
or unexpected geological formations; 

need for additional funding to continue operations; 

global economic and political conditions; 

staffing
considerations in remote locations; 

disruptions
in credit and financial markets; 

global
productive capacity; 

changes
to existing mining laws or regulations; 

changes in product costing; 

effects of inflation on operational costs and profitability; 

competitive technology positions and operating interruptions (including, but not limited to, labor disputes, leaks, fires, flooding, landslides, power outages, explosions, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions, war and terrorist activities); and 

disruptions due to global pandemics or civil unrest. 

Mining operations are subject to a variety of
existing laws and regulations relating to exploration, permitting procedures, safety precautions, property reclamation, employee health
and safety, air and water quality standards, pollution and other environmental protection controls, all of which are subject to change
and are becoming more stringent and costlier to comply with. Should one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such
a development worsen), or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those expected.
We disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

These risk factors could cause our results to
differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Desert Hawk Gold Corp. (the Company was incorporated on November 5, 1957, in the State of Idaho as Lucky Joe Mining Company. In 2008 we changed our corporate domicile to
the State of Nevada by merging with a wholly owned subsidiary formed solely for this purpose. Our Nevada corporation was incorporated
on July 17, 2008. We have no subsidiaries. 

We are currently engaged in the extraction of
gold and related precious metals from our Kiewit mining property located in the Gold Hill Mining District in Tooele County, Utah. In addition,
we have commenced crushing and performing cyanide vat and heap leaching on various ores from a third party at our Goldhill processing
plant. 

Prepaid Forward Gold Contract Funding Transaction and Amended
Agreement 

In 2019, the Company entered into and closed
a Pre-Paid Forward Gold Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with PDK Utah Holdings, LP PDK for the
sale and purchase by PDK of gold produced from the Company s mining property. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as amended,
PDK agreed to purchase a total of 47,045 ounces of gold from the Company. The Company agreed to deliver ounces of gold produced from the
Kiewit property to PDK and the Company would then receive proceeds from PDK at the then current spot price less a discount specified in
the Purchase Agreement. The Company has the option of paying cash to PDK for the number of ounces to be delivered each month at a rate
of 500 per ounce. The Company received a net amount of 13,600,000 in 2019 for the future delivery of these gold ounces. Under the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, the Company is obligated to deliver gold in the following quantities: 

Months 
 Gold 
 Ounces per 
 Month 
 Total Gold Ounces 
 
 December 2020 
 655 
 655 
 
 January 2021 to March 2021 
 896 
 2,688 
 
 April 2021 to March 2022 
 911 
 10,932 
 
 April 2022 to March 2023 
 1,396 
 16,752 
 
 April 2023 to December 2023 
 1,753 
 15,777 
 
 January 2024 
 241 
 241 

47,045 

In addition, under the Purchase Agreement, PDK
may reduce the required number of ounces to be sold in exchange for up to 8,000 common shares of the Company. 

As security for the obligations of the Company
under the Purchase Agreement, the Company has granted PDK a security interest in all of the assets of the Company and has issued and recorded
a Leasehold Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases, Rents, As Extracted Collateral and Contracts, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing.
The Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties, as well as affirmative and negative covenants customary to a transaction
of this nature. 

As of December 31, 2022, and through the filing
of this Form 10K, PDK has sent invoices to the Company for the deliveries and payments due. However, no notice of default on the Purchase
Agreement has been received from PDK. The failure to make gold deliveries and make additional payments as described below provides PDK
with certain remedies, including termination of the agreement, demand for early payment of the entire delivery obligations, and enforcement
of foreclosure rights against the assets pledged as security under the agreement. Due to the delinquent status of the deliveries and PDK s
rights under the default provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has classified the entire liability balance owing as current
on the December 31, 2022 balance sheet. 

In addition to the delivery of gold ounces, the
Purchase Agreement contains a royalty provision whereby royalties of 4 are due to PDK on gold and silver recovered from mining operations
at the Kiewit site and sold by the Company to a third party. Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company also accrues a 5 withholding tax
to the state of Utah on the PDK royalty payments. Royalties are payable within 30 days following the end of each fiscal quarter. 

1 

The Purchase Agreement contains a participation
payment whereby PDK receives a portion of the proceeds from gold sold by the Company to a third party. The payment due to PDK is based
upon a percentage of proceeds over a set gold price per ounce. The upside participation amounts are payable within four days following
each sale. 

Through March 2023 we have not made the gold deliveries
under the agreement and anticipate that we will be unable to make deliveries until at least the third quarter of the 2023 fiscal year.
The failure to make gold deliveries under the Purchase Agreement provides PDK with certain remedies, including termination of the agreement,
demand for early payment of the entire delivery obligations, and enforcement of foreclosure rights against the assets pledged as security
under the agreement. 

Subsequent to year end, PDK was transferred to Qenta,
Inc. Qenta ). The Company s management has been in discussions with Qenta regarding the status of the Purchase Agreement.
To Date, Qenta has not exercised its rights of default as defined in the agreement nor has it indicated plans to do so. 

Mining Operations 

On January 7, 2014, we received final approval
from the BLM of the Kiewit Large Mine Permit which allowed us to develop the Kiewit deposit and put it into production. Development began
in June 2014. The first sale of minerals from the mine occurred in October 2014. We suspended operations in June 2016 because of depressed
metal prices and lack of funds. We resumed operations in spring 2018 and again suspended operations in October 2018 for lack of funding.
Since securing funding in March 2019, we have re-commenced mining operations. 

In March 2022, we paid an escalation increase
on our permit in the amount of 89,000. In June 2022 we paused our mining operations on the Kiewit claims and ceased our ore crushing
due to a delay in the issuance of a permit modification which would allow us to expand our pit area, which is currently at the boundaries
of the existing permit. Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining has provided conditional approval for the permit modification contingent
on the approval by the BLM. In anticipation of receiving the permit modification, on November 1, 2022 we posted the required bond for
the permit modification in the amount of 555,000. We have curtailed operating expenses to the extent possible while keeping a minimum
staff employed, working on continued processing and equipment maintenance. 

On December 22, 2022, BLM conditionally
approved the Company s amended plan of operations for the Kiewit Mine. The plan allows for an increase in total material mined from
Kiewit from 2 million tons of ore to 10 million tons of ore, an increase in the mining rate from 1 million tons per year (tpy) to 1.75
million tpy and an increase in total disturbance from 101.3 acres to 203.4 acres. The plan also includes an increase in pit and waste
area disturbance from 38.5 acres to 80.9 acres. The plan also allows for an increase in heap leach area disturbance from 19.5 acres to
65.5 acres, which may be bonded in 4 expansion phases. The Company will currently be bonded for the initial 19.5 acres of heap leach
area and will submit for additional bond money when expanding the heap leach area in the future. The remaining increase in allowed
disturbance acres is for roads, storage areas, containment ponds, growth medium stockpiles and other miscellaneous disturbance areas. The
plan also approved the removal of disturbance acreage associated with property owned by the Moeller Family Trust which included the Yellow
Hammer Mine, the Clifton Shears, and the Herat Mine. The plan also includes an additional location for a second water
well, 4 additional horizontal cascade tanks, and increases the life of the mine timeframe from 6 to 10 years. 

Third-Party Ore Processing 

During 2020 we commenced processing ore for a
third party under our existing mining permit, which allowed for 5,000 tons of this ore to be processed and has since then been increased
to 30,000 tons. This ore was processed separately from our ore but in the same manner. For this service, we received a percentage of net
proceeds from the sale of the gold and silver ore. The contract agreement with the outside company for which we were processing material
was terminated in October 2022. 

Distribution, Sales, and Raw Materials 

We currently sell our products solely to Asahi
Refining. We use several raw materials such as cyanide, caustic, and limestone, in processing and we are not dependent upon any single
supplier for our raw materials. We also currently are dependent upon one customer for our product although other customers are available. 

Competition 

The precious metal exploration and mining industry
is highly fragmented. We expect to compete with many other exploration companies looking for gold, silver and other minerals. We are among
the smallest of the exploration companies in existence and are a very small participant in the precious metal industry. However, we generally
expect to compete favorably with other exploration companies since the claims held by us in the Gold Hill Mining District consolidate
the principal mining areas and limit the ability of other exploration companies to commence material exploration activities in the district.
Furthermore, if we are able to successfully recover gold, as well as silver and other by-products from our claims, it is likely that we
will be able to sell all minerals that we are able to recover. 

2 

Government Compliance 

Our operations are subject to extensive federal
and state laws and regulations designed to conserve and prevent the degradation of the environment. These laws and regulations require
obtaining various permits before undertaking certain exploration or mining activities and may result in significant delays, substantial
costs and the alteration of proposed operating plans. We believe we have all necessary environmental permits and authorizations to support
existing operations. 

Our Kiewit claims are located on unpatented claims
located on federal land, which also requires compliance with applicable requirements administered by the BLM. These regulations impose
specific conditions on the nature and extent of surface disturbance, the manner in which exploration and mining can be conducted, the
disposition of spent mineralized material, the use and containment of chemical leaching agents and other solutions, spill prevention,
liquid and solid waste disposition, ground water monitoring, and a number of other matters which if violated could result in fines, penalties
or attendant adverse publicity. 

We are also obligated to make annual payments
to the BLM for each of our unpatented mining claims on federal land and to record an affidavit in the Tooele County Recorder s Office
reflecting the payment of the annual maintenance fees to the BLM and stating our intention to hold the claims. The 2022 annual maintenance
fees and mineral lease fees payable on our unpatented claims were 15,318 and this amount was paid in full within the required payment
period. The required affidavit was also filed with the Tooele County Recorder. Proposals repeatedly have been introduced in Congress that
would substantially modify the Mining Law of 1872, the statute pursuant to which unpatented mining claims are located and maintained.
Bills have been introduced, but have not passed, that would require, among other things, the payment of royalties to the United States.
Personal property tax levied by the state and collected by the local county are due each year and have been paid for 2021 and prior years.
The 2022 personal property tax in the amount of 33,027 became due in November 2022 and has not yet been paid. The personal property taxes
are expected to remain similar in 2023 to that in 2022. 

Mining and exploration operations are also subject
to both federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to employee health and safety. We employ a mine safety administrator to monitor
our obligations under these laws and regulations. 

Climate-Related Matters 

In 2020 the SEC adopted guidance for disclosing
material obligations as they apply to climate change. Recommended disclosures include discussion of the impact on climate change legislation
and regulation, international accords, indirect results of regulations on the company s business trends, and the physical impacts
of climate change on the company. Examples suggested by the SEC include disclosure to climate change items, including the following: 

Decreased
demand for goods that produce significant greenhouse gas emissions; 

Increased
demand for goods that result in lower emissions than competing products; 

Increased
competition to develop innovative new products; 

Increased
demand for generation and transmission of energy from alternative energy sources; and 

Decreased
demand for services related to carbon-based energy sources, such as drilling services or equipment maintenance services. 

Management has evaluated the effects of climate
change on its business and believes that they should have no material adverse impact on its business. The State of Utah and particularly
the environs surrounding our properties are experiencing drought conditions. If these conditions ultimately affect the water table underlying
the property, it could reduce the water available from our well or require us to extend the depth of the well. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We own the Marks DESERT HAWK and
 DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP and also own corresponding federal trademark filing Serial Nos. 85/232,815, 85,232,819, 85/232,820,
and 85/232,823, for use in connection with mining extraction, consulting in the fields of mining and milling, milling of ore, mining exploration
and mineral exploration, copper ore, gold ore, silver ore, and tungsten ore. 

3 

Employees 

At March 31, 2023, we had 17 full-time and 2 part-time
employees, including our President, Rick Havenstrite, who devotes approximately 90 of his time or approximately 40 hours per week for
this business. We also engage Marianne Havenstrite, wife of Rick Havenstrite, as our Treasurer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer. Our officers are based out of our Reno, Nevada office, along with other office and engineering personnel. The remaining employees
work at our Gold Hill project site. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The following material risks and uncertainties,
together with the other information set forth in this Report, should be carefully considered by those who invest in our securities. Any
of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results and could decrease
the value of our Common Stock. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We have failed to make our gold deliveries
under the Purchase Agreement with PDK, which constituted an Event of Default under the agreement. 

We were unable to make the monthly gold deliveries
to PDK/Qenta in December 2020 through March 2023, and we anticipate that we will be unable to make deliveries for several more months.
The failure to make these gold deliveries, as required under the Purchase Agreement, constitute Events of Default under the terms of the
agreement. As such, PDK has available certain remedies under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, including the right to terminate the
Purchase Agreement, demand payment of an early termination amount as calculated in the agreement, or foreclose on the collateral provided
under the agreement and governed by the separate collateral agreement. Interest on any unpaid obligations will be calculated at a default
rate equal to LIBOR plus 2 . We do not have sufficient funds to satisfy the default obligations. If we are unable to negotiate a resolution
of these default events and restructure the gold delivery obligations currently mandated, we may be unable to retain possession of the
mining project and would be forced to cease operations. 

The value of our property is subject to volatility
in the price of gold and any other deposits we may seek or locate. 

Our profitability will be significantly affected
by changes in the market price of gold and silver, and other minerals. These mineral prices fluctuate widely and are affected by numerous
factors, all of which are beyond our control. For example, the price of gold can be influenced by the sale or purchase of gold by central
banks and financial institutions; interest rates; currency exchange rates; speculation; inflation or deflation; fluctuation in the value
of the United States dollar and other currencies; global and regional supply and demand, including investment, industrial and jewelry
demand; and the political and economic conditions of major gold producing countries throughout the world, such as Russia and South Africa.
The price of gold and other minerals has fluctuated widely in recent years, and a decline in the price of gold or other minerals could
cause a significant decrease in the value of our property, limit our ability to raise money, and render continued exploration and development
of our property impracticable. For example, the price of gold dropped significantly between August 2020 and March 2021, then increased
through March 2022, based in part on forecasts of a rapid global economic expansion that year, powered by vaccinations and U.S. stimulus
payments according to some economists. If the price of gold makes operations unprofitable, then we could lose our rights to our property
and be compelled to sell some or all of these rights. Additionally, the future development of our mining properties is heavily dependent
upon the level of metals prices remaining sufficiently high to make the development of our property economically viable. An investor may
lose its investment if the price of these minerals substantially decreases. The greater the decrease in the price of gold or other minerals,
the more likely it is that an investor will lose money. 

To continue our operations, we may need to obtain additional
financing from outside sources. 

We have no firm commitments or agreements to provide
additional funding to have sufficient capital to fund our operations as they are currently planned or to fund the acquisition and exploration
of new properties. We also may be unable to secure additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our inability to raise additional
funds on a timely basis could prevent us from achieving our business objectives and could have a negative impact on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and the value of our securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or convertible
debt securities, the ownership of existing stockholders may be diluted and the securities that we may issue in the future may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of the current holders of our common stock. Such securities may also be issued at a discount
to the fair market value of our common stock, resulting in possible further dilution to the book value per share of common stock. If we
raise additional funds by issuing debt, we could be subject to debt covenants that could place limitations on our operations and financial
flexibility. 

4 

Our management may have conflicts of interest
and only devote a portion of their business time to us which could materially and adversely affect us and our business. 

Most of our management does not work for us exclusively
and some serve on the boards of other companies, although we do not consider any of these other companies to be our direct competitors.
Nevertheless, these other responsibilities may take away from time and focus of these parties on their responsibilities as management
of our Company. It is possible that a conflict of interest may arise based on management s other employment or board activities.
Situations may arise where members of our management are presented with business opportunities which may be desirable not only for us,
but also for the other companies with which they are affiliated. 

We do not know if our properties contain any
gold, silver, copper, tungsten, or other precious minerals that can be mined at a profit. 

The properties on which we have the right to explore
for and mine precious minerals are not known to have any proven or probable reserves. Whether a precious mineral deposit can be mined
at a profit depends upon many factors. Some but not all of these factors include: the particular attributes of the deposit, such as size,
grade and proximity to infrastructure; operating costs and capital expenditures required to start mining a deposit; the availability and
cost of financing; the price of the gold or other mineral which is highly volatile and cyclical; and government regulations, including
regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. We are also
obligated to pay royalties and taxes on certain of our mining activities, which will make our ability to operate profitably more difficult. 

We are a junior mining company with limited
operating mining activities, and we may not be able to increase our mining activities in the future. 

Our business is mining for gold, silver and other
precious minerals. Mining operations in the United States are subject to many different federal, state and local laws and regulations,
including stringent environmental, health and safety laws. In the event we increase operations on our mining properties, it is possible
that we will be unable to comply with current or future laws and regulations, which can change at any time. It is possible that changes
to these laws will be adverse to our mining operations. Moreover, compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays and require capital
outlays in excess of those anticipated, adversely affecting any potential mining operations. Our future mining operations may also be
subject to liability for pollution or other environmental damage. We are not currently insured against this risk because of high insurance
costs. 

We have a short operating history, have only lost money and
may never achieve any meaningful revenue. 

Our operating history consists of limited operations
and continuation of preliminary exploration activities. Our expenses have consistently exceeded the revenue generated from our mining
operations. Exploring for and mining precious minerals or resources is an inherently speculative activity. Our revenue could be adversely
affected by many outside influences and we may never achieve revenue in amounts sufficient to provide for payment of our expenses. 

Our property title may be challenged. We are
not insured against any challenges, impairments or defects to our mineral claims or property title. 

Our property is comprised of patented and unpatented
lode claims created and maintained in accordance with the federal General Mining Law of 1872. Unpatented lode claims are unique U.S. property
interests and are generally considered to be subject to greater title risk than other real property interests because the validity of
unpatented lode claims is often uncertain. This uncertainty arises, in part, out of the complex federal and state laws and regulations
under the General Mining Law. Until the claims are surveyed, the precise location of the boundaries of the claims may be in doubt and
our claims subject to challenge. If we discover mineralization that is close to the claims boundaries, it is possible that some
or all of the mineralization may occur outside the boundaries. In such a case we would not have the right to extract those minerals. This
uncertainty leaves us exposed to potential title suits. Defending any challenges to our property title will be costly and may divert funds
that could otherwise be used for exploration activities and other purposes. In addition, unpatented lode claims are always subject to
possible challenges by third parties or contests by the federal government, which, if successful, may prevent us from exploiting our discovery
of commercially extractable gold. Challenges to our title may increase our costs of operation or limit our ability to explore on certain
portions of our property. We are not insured against challenges, impairments or defects to our property title, nor do we intend to carry
title insurance in the future. 

We may not be able to maintain the infrastructure
necessary to conduct mining activities . 

Our mining activities depend upon adequate infrastructure.
Reliable roads, bridges, power sources and water supply are important factors which affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent
weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect
our mining activities and financial condition. 

5 

Our mining activities may be adversely affected
by the local climate. 

The local climate sometimes affects our mining
activities on our properties. Earthquakes, heavy rains, snowstorms, and floods could result in serious damage to or the destruction of
facilities, equipment or means of access to our property, or could occasionally prevent us temporarily from conducting mining activities
on our property. Because of their rural location and the lack of developed infrastructure in the area, our mineral properties in Utah
are occasionally impassable during the winter season. During this time, it may be difficult for us to access our property, maintain production
rates, make repairs, or otherwise conduct mining activities on them. 

Risks Relating to the Mining Industry 

Mining for precious metals is an inherently
speculative business. The properties on which we have the right to mine for precious minerals are not known to have any proven or probable
reserves. If we are unable to extract gold, silver, or any other resources which can be mined at a profit, our business could fail. 

Natural resource mining, and precious metal mining,
in particular, is a business that by its nature is speculative. There is a strong possibility that we will not discover gold, silver,
or any other resources which can be mined or extracted at a profit. Even if we do discover and mine precious metal deposits, the deposits
may not be of the quality or size necessary for us or a potential purchaser of the property to make a profit from mining it. Few properties
that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Unusual or unexpected geological formations, geological formation pressures,
fires, power outages, labor disruptions, flooding, explosions, cave-ins, landslides and the inability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery,
equipment or labor are just some of the many risks involved in mineral exploration programs and the subsequent development of gold deposits.
If we are unable to extract gold, silver, or any other resources which can be mined at a profit, our business could fail. 

Our business is subject to extensive environmental regulations
which may make exploring or mining prohibitively expensive, and which may change at any time. 

All of our operations are subject to extensive
environmental regulations which can make exploration expensive or prohibit it altogether. We may be subject to potential liabilities associated
with the pollution of the environment and the disposal of waste products that may occur as the result of exploring and other related activities
on our properties. We may have to pay to remedy environmental pollution, which may reduce the amount of money that we have available to
use for exploration. This may adversely affect our financial position, which may cause loss of investor investment. If we are unable to
fully remedy an environmental problem, we might be required to suspend operations or to enter into interim compliance measures pending
the completion of the required remedy. If a decision is made to mine our properties our potential exposure for remediation may be significant,
and this may have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial position. All of our exploration and, if warranted, development
activities may be subject to regulation under one or more local, state and federal environmental impact analyses and public review processes.
It is possible that future changes in applicable laws, regulations and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation
could have significant impact on some portion of our business, which may require our business to be economically re-evaluated from time
to time. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risk that regulatory authorities may increase bonding requirements beyond our
financial capability. Inasmuch as posting of bonding in accordance with regulatory determinations is a condition to the right to operate
under all material operating permits, increases in bonding requirements could prevent operations even if we are in full compliance with
all substantive environmental laws. We have been required to post substantial bonds under various laws relating to mining and the environment
and may in the future be required to post further bonds to pursue additional activities. We may be unable or unwilling to post such additional
bonds which could prevent us from realizing any commercial mining success or commencing mining activities. 

Market forces or unforeseen developments may prevent us from obtaining
the supplies, equipment and skilled manpower necessary to explore for mineral resources. 

Precious metals exploration, and resource exploration
in general, is a very competitive business. Competitive demands for contractors and unforeseen shortages of supplies and/or equipment
could result in the disruption of our planned exploration and production activities. Current demand for exploration drilling services,
equipment and supplies is robust and could result in suitable equipment and skilled manpower being unavailable at scheduled times for
our exploration and production programs. Fuel prices are extremely volatile as well. We will attempt to locate suitable equipment, materials,
manpower and fuel if sufficient funds are available. If we cannot find the equipment, supplies and skilled manpower needed for our various
exploration and production programs, we may have to suspend some or all of them until equipment, supplies, funds and/or skilled manpower
become available. Any such disruption in our activities may adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition. 

6 

Risks Relating to Our Organization and Common
Stock 

There is currently no market for our common
stock, and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained. 

There is currently no public market for our common
stock. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. If an
active market is established, the market liquidity will be dependent on the perception of our operating business, among other things.
We will take certain steps including utilizing investor awareness campaigns, press releases, road shows and conferences to increase awareness
of our business and any steps that we might take to bring us to the awareness of investors may require we compensate consultants with
cash and/or stock. There can be no assurance that there will be any awareness generated or the results of any efforts will result in any
impact on our trading volume. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects
the value of the business and trading may be at an inflated price relative to the performance of our company due to, among other things,
availability of sellers of our shares. If a market should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price
for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms or clearing firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities or
accept our shares for deposit in an account. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in the shares of our common
stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price.
Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of low-priced shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. 

Our principal shareholders, officers and directors own a substantial
interest in our voting stock and investors will have a limited voice in our management. 

Our principal shareholders, as well as our officers
and directors, in the aggregate beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock, including shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise or conversion within 60 days of the date of this filing. Additionally, the holdings
of our officers and directors may increase in the future upon vesting or other maturation of exercise rights under any of the options
they currently hold or which may in the future be granted or if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our common stock. 

As a result of their ownership and positions,
our principal shareholders, directors and executive officers collectively are able to influence all matters requiring shareholder approval,
including the following matters: 

election
of our directors; 

amendment
of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; and 

effecting
or preventing a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction. 

In addition, their stock ownership may discourage
a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company, which in turn could reduce our
stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

We are subject to the reporting requirements
of federal securities laws, and compliance with such requirements can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects, thus
impairing our ability to grow. 

We are subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other federal securities
laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The costs of preparing and filing annual
and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission and furnishing audited reports
to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if we were privately held. 

It may be time consuming, difficult and costly
for us to develop, implement and maintain the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank
Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement
appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. 

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective
system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report
and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective internal control is necessary for us
to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not
be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation
with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operation and access to capital. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with any policies and procedures may
deteriorate. 

7 

Public company compliance may make it more
difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by
the Securities and Exchange Commission have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company,
we expect these rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2020 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming
and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain
director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to
serve on our board of directors or as executive officers, and to maintain insurance at reasonable rates, or at all. 

Any future trading price of our stock may be volatile. 

If a market for our common stock is ever established,
the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

our
inability to maintain existing permits; 

changes
in the prices of gold and silver; 

changes
in our industry; 

competitive
pricing pressures; 

our
ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions
or departures of key personnel; 

limited
 public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative
pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 

our
ability to execute our business plan; 

sales
of our common stock; 

operating
results that fall below expectations; 

loss
of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory
developments; 

economic
and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
fluctuations in our financial results; and inability to develop or acquire new or needed technology. 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past
and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant.
If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price
appreciates. 

8 

Our common stock may be deemed a penny
stock, which would make it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. 

Our common stock may be subject to the penny
stock rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock
is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 4.00 per share, other than companies
that have had average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least 5,000,000 2,000,000
if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stock
to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and
provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information
under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules
and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to
the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our securities. If our securities
are subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. 

Exercise of options or future convertible instruments may
have a dilutive effect on our common stock. 

We have outstanding vested options to purchase
2,400,000 shares of our common stock at 0.40 per share. If the price per share of our common stock at the time of exercise of these or
future options or warrants, or conversion of any future convertible notes or any other convertible securities is in excess of the various
exercise or conversion prices of such convertible securities, exercise or conversion of such convertible securities would have a dilutive
effect on our common stock. Further, any additional financing that we secure may require the granting of rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of our common stock and which result in additional dilution of the existing ownership interests of our common stockholders. 

Our Articles of Incorporation allow for our
board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of
the holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the authority to fix
and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred
stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred
stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends
are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption
of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater
voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our
common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Global health crises may adversely affect our
planned operations. 

Our business could be materially and adversely
affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to a pandemic or other health crisis, such as the recent outbreak
of novel coronavirus (COVID-19). A significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health
crisis that could adversely affect our planned operations. Such events could result in the complete or partial closure of our operations.
In addition, it could impact economies and financial markets, resulting in an economic downturn that could impact our ability to raise
capital. The pandemic that has been going on for the past two years has specifically affected our ability to obtain supplies
and services to maintain our business. This ongoing health crisis has reduced the ability of the regulating agencies to process our permits
on a timely basis which could delay our ability to operate at maximum efficiency. Our ability to obtain and retain qualified employees
has also been adversely affected by this global health crisis. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required
to provide disclosure under this item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We have not obtained a technical report prepared by a qualified person
for any of our mining properties. Although we are conducting mining operations on our properties, we would be considered an exploration
stage issuer and our properties would be deemed exploration stage properties, without specified reserves. Below is a description of our
mining properties. 

Kiewit Project, Utah 

The Kiewit gold property located in the Gold Hill
Mining District in Tooele County, Utah, is our principal mineral property and is an exploration stage property. In June 2019, we also
acquired 20 patented mining claims contiguous to our Kiewit property, known as the JJS Property. We have not determined to what extent
we will develop these new claims. We were attracted to the Gold Hill Mining District because of its similarities to productive mining
districts and its past positive exploration results. The gold potential of the Gold Hill Mining District is enhanced by similarities to
surrounding gold deposits. We believe the scale, number and frequency of the Gold Hill Mining District gold-bearing exposures and geochemical
anomalies compare favorably to similar attributes of other productive mining districts. 

9 

Location, Infrastructure, and Geography of Kiewit 

The Gold Hill Mining District is in Tooele County,
Utah, located at 40 07 00 North latitude, 113 49 40 West longitude. The district includes the
north end of the Deep Creek Mountains, one of the nearly north-south ranges that are common in the Great Basin. On the east and north,
the mountain area is separated by gravel slopes from the flat plain of the Great Salt Lake Desert, and on the west, it is bounded by the
Deep Creek Valley and groups of irregular low hills. It is approximately 190 miles west-southwest of Salt Lake City, Utah, and approximately
56 miles south southeast of Wendover, Utah. The project is reached by taking Alternate 93A south from Wendover approximately 28 miles
and turning east on to the Ibapah Highway, a paved two-lane road. Approximately 17 miles east is a maintained two-lane county road which
provides access to the property approximately 11 miles southeast to the town of Gold Hill, Utah. The Kiewit mine and the mill site are
accessible by dirt roads maintained year-round. Access to the property is maintained all year. 

Power is supplied by the Company s diesel
generators and water for mining operations is supplied from an existing groundwater well. Drinking water is obtained from a local vendor. 

At March 31, 2023 we had 17 full-time and 2 part-time
employees. All employees are assigned to work at the Kiewit site, with the exception of the officers, and one engineer, who work from
the corporate office in Reno, Nevada, with periodic site visits. 

The Gold Hill area lies within the region of the
interior drainage that includes western Utah and most of Nevada, and, like the remaining portions of that area, is a high desert semi-arid
climate. The area is composed of a highly dissected group of hills of relatively low relief. The elevation of the Kiewit Mine is approximately
5,500 feet. The Gold Hill area is bounded on the east by the Great Salt Lake Desert at an altitude of about 4,300 feet, on the north by
Dutch Mountain with a higher elevation of 7,735 feet, on the west by Clifton Flat at an approximate elevation of 6,600 feet, and on the
south by Montezuma Peak with an elevation of 7,369 feet. 

Pronounced differences in temperatures between
night and day are common, with the dryness of the air mitigating the high temperatures which predominate the summer days. Annual precipitation
averages approximately 12 inches with about half falling in the months from February to May. Rainfall during summer to early fall is commonly
in the form of severe thunderstorms. Snow may be expected between October and May. Fieldwork in the area is generally permitted throughout
most of the year. 

The higher portions of the Deep Creek Range and
small areas near the summits of the adjoining mountains support a fairly heavy growth of yellow pine. The lower slopes of these mountains
have a sparse covering of juniper and pi on trees. On the lower hills and on the gravel slopes surrounding them, these trees give
way to sagebrush. The floor of the Great Salt Lake Desert in the north-east corner of the district is almost completely barren of vegetation. 

Kiewit Mining Claims 

The Kiewit mining claims consist of 66 unpatented
and surface rights to 10 patented mining claims covering approximately 3 square miles located in the Gold Hill Mining District in Tooele
County, Utah. 

The Kiewit mining claims were part of a larger
group of mining claims leased from Clifton Mining Company and its subsidiary, The Woodman Mining Company, in July 2009. The original lease
with Clifton was amended in June 2010. In March 2019, the lease agreement was again amended by a Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement
(the Amended Lease ). Under the terms of the Amended Lease, the Company relinquished its leasehold interest in all
but the current Kiewit patented and unpatented claims. The lease term is 20 years and for so long thereafter as the mining claims are
being actively used by the Company for commercial mining purposes. The Company is required to pay all property payment and payment obligations
with respect- to the leased premises. 

Under the terms of the Amended Lease, Clifton s
right to receive a 6 royalty interest from production on the Kiewit project was terminated. The Company also acquired from third parties
and cancelled the remaining 1 outstanding royalty interest thereon, for which the Company paid each of two parties 50,000. 

10 

As consideration for entering into the Amended
Lease, the Company issued 5,500,000 shares of its common stock with a fair value of 2,200,000 which increased the carrying value of the
mineral properties and interests. The Company also paid 13,390 in satisfaction of delinquent amounts owed Clifton and 42,802 in a reclamation
bond transfer. In addition, the Company and Clifton entered into a Registration Rights Agreement to register for resale the shares issued
to Clifton which requires the Company to register the shares within 18 months (which is September 7, 2020) following the Initial Funding.
In the event the Company does not register the shares within the 18-month period, the Company is obligated to pay Clifton a royalty equal
to 2.5 of the net smelter returns from the minerals generated from the Company s mining claims. The registration of these shares
was filed and became effective on April 14, 2020. The Company has agreed to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Rights Agreement
for a period of three years. 

Desert Hawk may mortgage or pledge its leasehold
interest under the Amended Lease for purposes of financing exploration, development, and mining operations on the leased premises, including
corporate overhead for such operations, but it cannot otherwise encumber the leased premises without Clifton s prior, written discretionary
consent. In connection with the PDK funding, the Company granted to PDK a security interest in all of the assets of the Company and issued
and recorded a Leasehold Deed of Trust which included an assignment of leases, rents, as extracted collateral and contracts, a security
agreement and fixture filing. 

The Amended Lease cannot be assigned or subleased
without the prior written consent of Clifton. Further, PDK may, without Clifton s consent, hold a foreclosure sale, take title to
the Company s interest under the Amended Lease, or transfer or assign the Company s interest under the Amended Lease. The
Company may surrender the Amended Lease as to all or any part of the leased premises, after proper reclamation of all portions of the
land to be surrendered affected by its operations. However, so long as any mortgage of PDK remains in effect, the Amended Lease cannot
be modified, and Clifton will not accept a surrender of any of the leased premises or a termination or release of the Amended Lease, without
the prior written consent of PDK, which consent cannot be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

Kiewit Geology and Mineralization 

The Gold Hill area hosts lithologic units ranging
in age from the Cambrian through to Quaternary Periods including six Paleozoic sedimentary formations of Carboniferous-age from the Cordilleran
miogeosyncline. Geology of the Gold Hill Mining District is dominated by a large Jurassic granodiorite stock intruding the Carboniferous
sedimentary package consisting of carbonates (limestone and dolomite) and lesser clastic sequences, notably shale and quartzite. The contact
between the granodiorite and sediments is clearly intrusive at many localities. In other exposures, the contact is a post-intrusive fault
contact or localized detachment fault. 

Other lithologies in the District include silica
breccias, jasperoids and assorted (locally tuffaceous) volcanics, minor small, intrusive plugs and dikes of probable Tertiary age also
occur in the area. Most of the present-day surface is covered with colluvial slope wash and the canyons and narrow washes have alluvial
fill of various thicknesses. 

The Kiewit historic gold zone is hosted within
a structural zone traceable on the surface for a distance of approximately 2.5 miles across the full length of the Kiewit project area
and beyond. This structure trends north-north-easterly with a gentle westerly dip ranging 20-30 degrees, often occupying dip-slopes across
the area. The zone comprises a 30 to 165-foot-thick, gently westerly dipping gold bearing oxidized quartz stockwork section in granodiorite.
The zone is mostly exposed on the surface and occupies the dip-slope located at the southern part of the Kiewit project area. Projected
western and northern extensions of the stockwork dip under Carboniferous Sedimentary rocks, although it is ultimately truncated by the
Rodenhouse Fault located approximately 2,500 feet to the west. 

The Kiewit gold zone is part of a typical low-sulfidation
gold bearing epithermal system. It is manifested as a zone of quartz and quartz-carbonate veining and stockworks within the more laterally
extensive (2.5 miles long and up to 1,650 feet wide) Kiewit structural zone fault/fracture system. The Kiewit structural zone comprises
a group of lithologies overlying a major fault zone that is manifested as a three to 16 feet thick silica breccia unit in granodiorite.
A basal three to six-foot thick quartz-carbonate vein overlies this basal silica breccia and is followed up-section by a fault-bounded
interval of relatively unaltered granodiorite that forms the footwall of the stockworks. At some locations, this footwall granodiorite
is absent and the stockwork zone is instead in fault-contact with the basal quartz-carbonate vein. The footwall of the stockwork zone
is defined by faulting, with a north-north-easterly trend and shallow westerly dip. The footwall fault appears to have developed
after the stockwork and served to juxtapose altered and mineralized rocks of the historic gold zone over relatively mineralized and fresh
granodiorite. The amount of displacement along this fault is unknown and the structure may be regarded as a detachment zone. 

11 

Precious metals mineralization at Kiewit
occurs primarily as electrum and is hosted in a stockwork zone associated with a low angle fault zone. The stockwork zone comprises argillic-propylitic
altered granodiorite with randomly oriented to anastomosing veinlets, as well as veins with variable mix of white to grey chalcedony/quartz
and white to beige carbonate and adularia. The veins are commonly less than two centimeters wide but larger veins with apparent thickness
up to one meter or greater are present on surface and in diamond drill core. The larger veins display typical epithermal style open space
fillings and have variable textures. 

The mineralized stockwork is reported by Dumont
to generally contain up to 30 randomly oriented veinlets making up 30 of the rock volume. The highest gold grades are also reported by
Dumont to generally be associated with the larger veins or where vein density is greatest which suggests that the gold mineralization
is spatially associated with the quartz-carbonate veins. 

Kiewit Exploration Programs and Mining Activities 

The Kiewit mining claims are without known reserves
but beginning in 2014 the Company started extraction of gold without determining mineral reserves. The Kiewit mine is a small open pit,
heap leach operation that produces gold and silver. Initial production at Kiewit commenced in June 2014 and was suspended in June 2016.
Production was suspended due to low metal prices and undercapitalized operations. A fresh water well failure in July 2016, due to suspected
sabotage, caused a complete leach pad shut-down. Fresh water pumping was re-started in mid-March 2017 mostly to reduce solution volumes
as no sodium cyanide (NaCN) was being added. The mine resumed leaching activities in the spring of 2018 and recovered some gold but suspended
operations again in October 2018 to secure funding for continued operations. In April 2019 we re-commenced mining operations with our
first sale in September 2019. During fourth quarter 2020, we also commenced processing ore for a third party under our existing mining
permit, which allowed for 5,000 tons of this ore to be processed and has since then been increased to 30,000 tons. 

In June 2022 we paused our mining operations on
the Kiewit claims and ceased our ore crushing due to a delay in the issuance of a permit modification which would allow us to expand our
pit area, which is currently at the boundaries of the existing permit. Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining has provided conditional approval
for the permit modification contingent on the approval by the BLM. In anticipation of receiving the permit modification, on November 1,
2022 we posted the required bond for the permit modification in the amount of 555,000. We have curtailed operating expenses to the extent
possible while keeping a minimum staff employed, working on continued processing and equipment maintenance. 

On December 22, 2022, BLM conditionally approved
the Company s amended plan of operations for the Kiewit Mine. The plan allows for an increase in total material mined from Kiewit
from 2 million tons of ore to 10 million tons of ore, an increase in the mining rate from 1 million tons per year (tpy) to 1.75 million
tpy and an increase in total disturbance from 101.3 acres to 203.4 acres. The plan also includes an increase in pit and waste area disturbance
from 38.5 acres to 80.9 acres. The plan also allows for an increase in heap leach area disturbance from 19.5 acres to 65.5 acres, which
may be bonded in 4 expansion phases. The Company will currently be bonded for the initial 19.5 acres of heap leach area and will
submit for additional bond money when expanding the heap leach area in the future. The remaining increase in allowed disturbance
acres is for roads, storage areas, containment ponds, growth medium stockpiles and other miscellaneous disturbance areas. The
plan also approved the removal of disturbance acreage associated with property owned by the Moeller Family Trust which included the Yellow
Hammer Mine, the Clifton Shears, and the Herat Mine. The plan also includes an additional location for a second water
well, 4 additional horizontal cascade tanks, and increases the life of the mine timeframe from 6 to 10 years. 

History of Previous Mining
Activities 

The Gold Hill area is one of the oldest mining
districts in the State of Utah. It reflects 43 known historical producing deposits mined primarily from the mid-1800s until the end of
World War II. These deposits included gold, silver, copper, bismuth, lead, zinc, tungsten, arsenic, molybdenum, cobalt, and beryllium.
Exploration and mining activities commenced in the mid-1800s as travel westward through the area to California was at its peak. Lead mineralization
first attracted the attention of travelers prompting early prospecting. Placer gold was first discovered in the Gold Hill area in 1858.
These early prospectors were hampered by repeated attacks of local Native American tribes and the area was abandoned until 1869 when the
settlements of Gold Hill and Clifton were re-established. 

12 

A lead smelter was constructed at Clifton in 1872
and relocated to Gold Hill in 1874. However, mining activity did not commence in earnest until 1892 when a mill and smelter were constructed
at Gold Hill. Substantial quantities of gold and silver ore were processed at this site between 1892 and 1896. Mining activity gradually
diminished until 1905 when exploration for copper revived the area. With the outbreak of World War I and the completion of the Deep Creek
Railroad between Gold Hill and Wendover, a new revival of interest in the area commenced. Gold, silver, copper and lead were produced
and approximately 3,000 residents lived in Gold Hill and Clifton at the time. 

Tungsten was produced beginning in 1912. Significant
amounts of gold and bismuth were also reportedly extracted during this period. Two mines produced tungsten in 1914 and 1917 and were operated
primarily for the strategic requirement of tungsten during the two world wars. Gold and silver mining ceased completely with the beginning
of World War II since the few remaining miners focused their attention on the production of strategic metals such as arsenic and tungsten
to support the war effort. 

Arsenic was produced beginning with the outbreak
of World War I and was used primarily for pesticides in the cotton fields of the south. Two former copper producers also produced arsenic
between 1923 and 1925. One of the mines reopened during World War II to produce arsenic for the war effort. None of the arsenic deposits
previously mined are located on our claims. 

The first large-scale geological study of the
area was published in 1935 by T. B. Nolan as U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 177 and is referred to herein as the Nolan Report.
The Nolan Report provided the first detailed data on the mining district. 

The mining district remained largely dormant during
the period after World War II through the mid-1970s. Between this period and the mid-1990s, several mining companies began to consolidate
the fragmented land holdings in the area and a more regional-scale exploration operation was conducted. In 1993 Clifton Mining Company
acquired several of the mining claims in the area and subsequently purchased Woodman Mining Company which also held claims in the district.
After purchase of the claims, Clifton Mining commenced additional exploration activities and in 1997 developed road access up the Clifton
Hills area. Clifton completed construction of a 50 ton per day mill at the Cactus Mill site and started construction of a 500 ton per
day gravity-flotation mill at the same location. In 1999 Clifton Mining borrowed funds which financed upgrades to the mill. 

Between 1994 and 1997 Kennecott Utah Copper, now
owned by Rio Tinto, explored a large region of the district. In December 2002 Clifton Mining and Woodman Mining entered into an option-joint
venture agreement with Dumont Nickel Inc., which in 2010 changed its name to DNI Metals Inc. The joint venture ultimately covered approximately
10.3 square miles of mineral properties but did not include the Yellow Hammer claims which were controlled by the Moeller family. In 2003
Dumont commenced exploring the properties with the objective of identifying bulk mineable gold, copper and silver targets through regional
work as well as several drill programs. Beginning in 2004 Dumont completed a regional-scale grid and reconnaissance rock and soil sampling
exploration program with detailed, targeted exploration work over the Clifton Shears Corridor, the Kiewit Zone and the prior zone owned
by Kennecott. Ultimately, Dumont determined that the scale of the project was too small and decided to sell its interest in the project.
In July 2009 Dumont completed the sale of all its mineral properties in this area to Clifton Mining Company for 255,000 cash and a 0.5 
net smelter return royalty against future production proceeds from the Cane Springs Property and from portions of the Kiewit project claims.
The joint venture and the option agreement were both subsequently dissolved and terminated. 

Processing Plant and Mining
Equipment 

The Kiewit mine is an open pit mine using conventional
open pit mining methods with drilling, blasting, loading with a wheeled loader and truck haulage to the ore stockpile near the crusher.
We re-commenced operation of the mine in April 2019. We also use a top hammer drill for all blast holes and a dozer to move waste and
for road building, as required. We also use a grader and water truck for haul road maintenance. At the leach pad we use a wheeled loader
to feed the crusher and a dozer to level the pad. 

The current processing facility can process approximately
one million tons per year, which we plan to increase to three million tons if resource expansion dictates. We anticipate that this expansion
will require an update or amendment of some permits. Ores are crushed, truck-stacked and heap-leached at the Company s mine site.
Pregnant solutions are passed through a conventional carbon column with the resultant gold-bearing carbon refined off-site. 

13 

Mining Permits 

The Kiewit mining claims exist entirely on federal
Bureau of Land Management unpatented mining claims. The heap leach pad and process area are located on patented mining claims approximately
3,000 feet to the southwest of the Kiewit claims. 

In February 2010 we filed an application with
Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining for a Large Mining Operations Permit to commence large mining operations for three open pit mines
and a heap leach gold facility. Final approval was received in November 2012. In February 2010 we also submitted a Plan of Operation to
the BLM. Final approval was received in January 2014. A separate Groundwater Discharge Permit through the Utah Department of Environmental
Quality was issued on December 7, 2010. 

In
addition to completing the notice of intent filing, the BLM requires an analysis of our Plan of Operation in compliance with the National
Environmental Protection Act. Approval of the Environmental Assessment was issued in January 2014 and development of the project began
in February 2014 after posting a reclamation Bond in the amount of 1,348,000. In December 2020, we were notified that the reclamation
cost estimate for the Kiewit properties had been escalated from 1,348,000 to 1,537,000, an increase of 189,000. This amount escalated
the cost estimate to December 31, 2021 at which time a new cost estimate will be calculated to escalate the cost through 2026. This additional
surety amount of 189,000 was remitted on March 10, 2021. The additional escalation amount was then paid in March 2022 at a cost of 89,000.
 In anticipation of receiving a permit modification, on November 1, 2022 we posted the required bond for the permit modification
in the amount of 555,000. On December 22, 2022, BLM conditionally approved
the Company s amended plan of operations for the Kiewit Mine. 

The Company believes it has all necessary environmental
permits and authorizations to support existing operations. As we expand or update the current mining plan of operations (the POO ),
we will require an update or amendment of some permits and before we can implement any changes in our operating parameters, we will need
to modify our existing permits or seek new permits. We anticipate that the following permitting modifications will be required: 

POO
Modification : A POO modification would be required to support our planned increased production capacity, expansion of the mine pit,
and the expansion of the leach pad. The POO modification must be submitted to the BLM, and the process would require National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA) compliance, including public review and comment. We submitted the modification in first quarter 2020 and the plan was
accepted on December 22, 2022. We have since resumed mining operations. 

Air
Quality Permit to Construct : A modification to the Air Quality Permit to Construct would be required for production increases from
the one million tons per annum to the three-million-ton level. We submitted our application in first quarter 2020 and this permit was
issued in 2021. 

Water
Discharge Permit : A modification to our existing water discharge permit would be required for the expansion including enlargement
of the heap leach facility. The permit includes monitoring of the heap leach leak detection system and groundwater monitoring wells in
the vicinity of the heap leach and process area. We submitted the modification in third quarter 2020 and this permit was issued in 2021. 

Reclamation
Plan : A Reclamation Plan Approval would be required by the Utah DOGM Office. However, the Aggregate Mine Land Reclamation Act would
require approval by the Inspectors Office of the POO amendment addressing new infrastructure and disposal facilities. We submitted the
POO amendment for approval in first quarter 2020 and the plan has been accepted. 

14 

We have engaged outside consultants to assist
us in seeking modification or new permits to accomplish the above. 

2022 Mining Activities 

During 2022 we mined and crushed 83,413 tons of
mineralized material and 188,556 tons of waste from the open-pit Kiewit Pit. Production was limited due to the delay in receiving the
permit modification to increase the size of the pit area. 

Planned 2023 Exploration
and Mining Activities 

We intend to continue extraction of mineralized
material and to upgrade and expand the current facilities, as resource expansion and permit approval dictates. We hope to drill a new
well to increase our water source in 2023 also. 

Offices and Other Facilities 

Our corporate office is located in Reno, Nevada
and Mr. Havenstrite, our President, operates from this office and also works on site at our mining property in Tooele County, Utah. Monthly
rent for the office space in Reno is 1,500. Financial and engineering activities are performed in this office and rent includes use of
the business equipment and supplies needed to perform these functions. This office space is used primarily for RMH Overhead, LLC and Overhead
Door Co. of Sierra Nevada/Reno, Inc., businesses owned by Mr. Havenstrite. Agreements for the use of the office space facilities with
these parties are month-to-month and can be cancelled at any time. 

We rent a core-logging facility located on the
Tooele County airport grounds in Wendover, Utah. The facility includes a separate core splitting and sawing room, field supply storage
rooms and sufficient floor space for logging tables and racks to hold over 21,000 feet of HQ core boxes. Monthly rent for this space is
 350 and the rental arrangement is terminable at any time. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Our company is not a party to any legal proceedings
reportable pursuant to this item. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

The information concerning mine safety violations
or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104
of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this annual report. 

15 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR Registrant s COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

There is currently no public trading market for
our Common Stock. We intend to apply for the quotation of our Common Stock on an automated quotation system. There can be no assurance
that any application for the quotation of our Common Stock on an automated quotation system will be approved. If any such application
is not approved and our common stock ultimately is not quoted on an automated quotation system, we intend to engage a market maker to
apply for quotation on the OTCQB Market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to
file the necessary documents, nor can there be any assurance that such any application for quotation would be approved. 

Holders 

At March 31, 2023, we had approximately 655 holders
of our Common Stock. We have appointed Pacific Stock Transfer Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, to act as the transfer agent of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our Common Stock since inception. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future. Our Prepaid
Forward Gold Purchase Agreement prohibits us from declaring, making or paying any dividends so long as any gold remains to be delivered
or any amounts remain to be paid by us under the agreement. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the
discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Results of Operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 REVENUE 
 4,631,531 
 7,741,915 
 (3,110,384 
 (40.2 
 
 EXPENSES 

General production and project costs 
 5,061,534 
 5,270,126 
 (208,592 
 (4.0 
 
 Processing costs 
 127,157 
 242,758 
 (115,601 
 (47.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 817,773 
 1,030,920 
 (213,147 
 (20.7 
 
 Other operating costs 
 545,398 
 403,025 
 142,373 
 35.3 
 
 Exploration expense 
 - 
 8,738 
 (8,738 
 (100.0 
 
 Legal and professional 
 145,021 
 183,816 
 (38,795 
 (21.1 
 
 Officers and directors fees 
 341,475 
 345,955 
 (4,480 
 (1.3 
 
 General and administrative 
 301,584 
 357,948 
 (56,364 
 (15.7 
 
 (Gain) loss on disposal of equipment 
 22,921 
 239,651 
 (216,730 
 (90.4 
 
 Forward gold contract expense 
 3,226,445 
 2,434,438 
 792,007 
 32.5 

10,589,308 
 10,517,375 
 71,933 
 0.7 
 
 OPERATING LOSS 
 (5,957,777 
 (2,775,460 
 (3,182,317 
 114.7 
 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 
 (531,628 
 (180,489 
 (351,139 
 194.5 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (6,489,405 
 (2,955,949 
 (3,533,456 
 119.5 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had net losses of 6,489,405 and 2,955,949 respectively. This represents an increase in net loss of 3,533,456 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, over the year ended December 31, 2021. 

16 

The operating loss of 5,957,777 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the operating loss of 2,775,460 for the year ended December 31,2021 represents increased operating
losses in the amount of 3,182,317. Increased losses are primarily due to the increase in forward gold contract expense and lack of production
in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. 

Liquidity and Cash Flow 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 WORKING CAPITAL 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 4,175,616 
 5,413,909 
 
 Current liabilities 
 23,299,677 
 19,126,642 
 
 Working capital (deficit) 
 (19,124,061 
 (13,712,733 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 CASH FLOWS 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow provided by operating activities 
 1,503,927 
 1,958,764 
 
 Cash flow used by investing activities 
 (862,084 
 (444,644 
 
 Cash flow used by financing activities 
 (485,450 
 (1,262,778 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 156,393 
 251,342 

Net cash provided by operating activities of
 1,503,927 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with cash provided by operating activities of 1,958,764 during the
year ended December 31,2021, represented a 454,837 decrease in cash and is primarily attributable to the lack of production during
the latter stages of the year. 

Net cash used by investing activities was 862,084
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 444,644 cash used during the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash
used by investing activities of 417,440 was primarily related to an increase in reclamation bonds. 

Net cash used by financing activities was 485,450
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 1,262,778 cash used during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in
cash used by financing activities of 777,328 during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to reduction of notes payable
payments. 

As a result of the above, cash increased by 156,393
during the year ended December 31, 2022 over the cash balance at December 31, 2021, leaving us with a cash balance of 581,022 as of December
31,2022. 

Going Concern 

As shown in the accompanying financial statements,
the Company had an accumulated deficit of 20,737,165 and negative working capital of 19,124,061 at December 31, 2022, which raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

Although production restarted in 2019, it has
not yet reached optimum levels. The timing and amount of capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including demand for
products, metals market pricing, and the availability of opportunities for expansion through affiliations and other business relationships.
Management continues to seek new capital from equity securities issuances or other business arrangements to provide funds needed to increase
liquidity, fund internal growth, and fully implement its business plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
on the Company s ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations
and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they are due. 

If the going concern assumption were not appropriate
for these financial statements, then adjustments would be necessary to the carrying values of the assets and liabilities, the reported
revenues and expenses, and the balance sheet classifications used. 

17 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The Company has no significant off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to its stockholders. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The Company has identified certain accounting
policies, described below, that are most important to the portrayal of its current financial condition and results of operations. The
Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes to the audited financial statements included in this Annual
Report. 

See Note 2 to our financial statements contained
in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a complete summary of the significant account policies used in the presentation of our financial statements.
As described in Note 2, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures of
assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. We believe that our most critical accounting estimates are related to inventories, impairment
of long-lived assets and reclamation and remediation. 

Our critical accounting policies and estimates
are as follows: 

Inventories 

The recovery of gold from certain oxide ores is
achieved through the heap leaching process. Under this method, mineralized material is placed on a leach pad where it is treated with
a chemical solution, which dissolves the gold contained in the material. The resulting pregnant solution is further processed
in a plant where gold is recovered. The Company records ore on leach pad, solution in carbon columns in process and gold concentrate,
at average production cost per gold ounce, less provisions required to reduce inventory to net realizable value. Production costs include
the cost of mineralized material processed; direct and indirect materials and consumables; direct labor; repairs and maintenance; utilities;
amortization of property, equipment, and mineral properties; and mine administrative expenses. Costs are removed from ore on leach pads
as ounces are recovered, based on the average cost per recoverable ounce of gold on the leach pad. 

Estimates of recoverable gold on the leach pad
are calculated from the quantities of material placed on the leach pad (measured tons added to the leach pad), the grade of material placed
on the leach pad (based on assay data) and an estimated recovery percentage (based on ore type). The nature of the leaching process inherently
limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. As a result, actual gold ounces recovered are regularly monitored and estimates
are refined based on actual results over time. 

Variations between actual and estimated quantities
resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted for on a prospective
basis. The ultimate recovery of gold from a leach pad will not be known until the leaching process is concluded. The quantification of
material inventory on the leach pad is based on estimates of the quantities of gold at each balance sheet date that the Company expects
to recover during the next 12 to 24 months. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which for December 31, 2022
and 2021 is net realizable value. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company evaluates the carrying amounts of
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable from the estimated
future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. Estimated undiscounted future net cash flows from each mineral
property are calculated using estimated future production, estimated future metals prices, operating capital and costs, and reclamations
costs. An impairment loss is recognized when the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset are
less than the carrying amount of the asset. The Company s estimates of future cash flows are subject to risks and uncertainties.
It is reasonably possible that changes in estimates could occur which may affect the expected recoverability of the Company s investments
in mineral properties. 

18 

Reclamation and Remediation 

The Company s operations have been, and
are subject to, standards for mine reclamation that have been established by various governmental agencies. The Company records the fair
value of an asset retirement obligation as a liability in the period in which the Company incurs a legal obligation for the retirement
of tangible long-lived assets. A corresponding asset is also recorded and depreciated over the life of the asset. After the initial measurement
of the asset retirement obligation, the liability is adjusted when there are changes in the estimated future cash flows due to change
in estimated costs or change in time until reclamation will commence. Determination of any amounts recognized is based upon numerous estimates
and assumptions, including future retirement costs, future inflation rates and the credit-adjusted risk-free interest rates. Such assumptions
are based on the Company s current mining plan and the best available information for making such estimates. See Note 10 to the
Financial Statements. 

For non-operating properties, the Company accrues
costs associated with environmental remediation obligations when it is probable that such costs will be incurred and they are reasonably
estimable. Such costs are based on management s estimate of amounts expected to be incurred when the remediation work is performed. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, result of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected
not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

We have provided the financial statements required
by this item immediately following the signature page of this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

No disagreement or reportable event requiring
disclosure under this item has occurred. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Rick Havenstrite, our principal executive officer,
and Marianne Havenstrite, our principal financial officer, as of December 31, 2022, conducted an evaluation, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, of whether our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective
to provide assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation it was concluded that our disclosure controls were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this report, to ensure that: (i) information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow for accurate
and timely decision regarding required disclosure. 

19 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in
reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013) . Management s
assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process
documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 

Based on our assessment, management has concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of the end of the fiscal year, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, because management identified a material weakness in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting related to the segregation of duties. This is due primarily to the limited staff and small size of the Company,
although internal controls have improved over the prior year with the addition of an additional staff member in our accounting department
and a consultant for financial statement preparation, resulting in increased segregation of duties. 

While the Company does adhere to internal controls
and processes that were designed and implemented by an experienced accounting firm, it is difficult with a very limited staff to maintain
appropriate segregation of duties in the initiating and recording of transactions, thereby creating a segregation of duties weakness.
Due to: (i) the significance of segregation of duties to the preparation of reliable financial statements; (ii) the significance of potential
misstatement that could have resulted due to the deficient controls; and (iii) the absence of sufficient other mitigating controls, we
determined that this control deficiency resulted in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement or lack of disclosure within
the annual or interim financial statements may not be prevented or detected. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

Management has evaluated, and continues to evaluate,
avenues for mitigating our internal controls weaknesses, but mitigating controls to completely mitigate internal control weaknesses have
been deemed to be impractical and prohibitively costly, due to the size of our organization at the current time. Management expects to
continue to use reasonable care in following and seeking improvements to effective internal control processes that have been and continue
to be in use at the Company. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues within the Company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
errors or mistakes. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections
of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter ended December
31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

The information required by this item is not applicable
to the Company or its auditor. 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Current Management 

The following table sets forth as of March 31,
2023, the names and ages of, and position or positions held by, our executive officers and directors, the employment background of these
persons, and any directorships held by the current directors during the last five years. The Board of Directors believes that all the
directors named below are highly qualified and have the skills and experience required for effective service on the Board of Directors.
The directors individual biographies below contain information about their experience, qualifications and skills that led the Board
of Directors to nominate them. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Employment Background 
 
 Howard Crosby 
 
 70 
 
 Director, Chairman 
 
 2016 
 
 Mr. Crosby served as our Chief Executive Officer from April 2016 until April 2017. Since 1989, Mr. Crosby has been president of Crosby Enterprises, Inc., a family-owned business advisory consulting firm. From 1994 to June of 2006 he served as president and director of Cadence Resources Corporation, a publicly traded oil and gas company. He served as an officer and director of Independence Resources PLC from March of 2010 until October of 2013. He served as a director of White Mountain Titanium Corporation from 2004 until March of 2016. Both Independence Resources and White Mountain Titanium were previously reporting companies with the SEC. He currently serves as President and Director of Shoshone Silver/Gold Mines, Inc. Mr. Crosby is also a director or advisor to a number of privately held companies. He received a bachelor s degree from the University of Idaho in 1975. Mr. Crosby has extensive experience in corporate finance and strategic planning and provides valuable insight on business strategy development and strategic partnership to our Board of Directors. 

Rick Havenstrite 
 
 64 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2009 
 
 Mr. Havenstrite has served as our President since April 2009 and as Chief Executive Officer since April 2017 and has been employed by us to manage our mining operations since August 2009. Since May 1999 he has been the co-owner, with his wife, and President of Overhead Door Company of Sierra/Nevada, Inc., a commercial and residential door installation company and since 2004 has been a partner in RMH Overhead, LLC. From 1998 until 1999 he was employed by Nevada Star Resources, a small copper mining company, as Manager of the Nevada Star Milford Copper Project in Utah; from 1996 until 1998 he was employed by Centurion Mines Corp, an exploration mining company, as Vice-president of Operations on the Milford Copper Project; from 1992 until 1996 he was General Manager of Nevada Operations for Arimetco Mining in Yerington Nevada, a mid-size copper mining company; from 1991 until 1992 he was employed by Newmont Minerals, a small gold mining company, as Manager of the Golden Assets Mine in Montana; from 1983 to 1990 he was employed by Silver King Mines, which subsequently changed its name to Alta Gold Corp., a mid-sized diversified mining company, beginning his employment with the company as Project Engineer at the Buckskin Mine from 1983 to 1985, subsequently moving with the company to Ely, Nevada where he was the Mine Superintendent and then Mine Manager of the Robison Mine from 1985 to 1988, and finally serving as Manager of Mining for Alta Gold s operating mines in Nevada, Idaho, Oregon and Colorado; and from 1980 until 1983 he was employed by Utah International, a large diversified mining company, as a mine engineer of the Springer Tungsten Mine in Nevada and the Navajo Coal mine in New Mexico. Mr. Havenstrite graduated in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of Reno, Mackay School of Mines. He is a registered Professional Mining Engineer with the State of Utah and is an inactive Professional Mining Engineer in the State of Nevada. 

21 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Employment Background 

Marianne Havenstrite 
 
 64 
 
 Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 -- 
 
 Ms. Havenstrite has been our Principal Financial Officer from May 2013 to April 2016 and since March 2017. Since May 1999 she has been the co-owner with her husband, and has served as Vice-president, of Overhead Door Company of Sierra/Nevada, Inc., a commercial and residential door installation company and since 2004 has been a partner in RMH Overhead, LLC. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University of Nevada, Reno in 1980. 

John P. Ryan 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 2017 
 
 Mr. Ryan served as our Chief Financial Officer for a short time period beginning in April 2016 until March 2017. He has been an active entrepreneur in the resources sector for over twenty years. Since June 2020 he has been CEO and a director of Gold Minds, Inc., a private Nevada corporation which is engaged in mineral exploration and development. Since 1995 he has been self-employed through his own company, Quest Consulting, providing consulting services for both private and public mining companies. He has extensive experience in the natural resource sector having served as an officer and/or director of companies such as Cadence Resources from 1995 to 2005 High Plains Uranium from 2004 to 2007, U.S. Silver Corporation from 2006 to 2009, and Western Goldfields, Inc. from 2001 to 2005. From December 2012 through April 2017 he served as a director of Mineral Mountain Mining and Milling Company. Mr. Ryan has extensive executive experience and provides our Board of Directors with valuable insights regarding mining operations as well as public company expertise. Mr. Ryan has acted as a professional Director in a number of cases of turnaround and/or distressed company scenarios. Mr. Ryan obtained a B.S. in Mining Engineering from the University of Idaho in 1985 and a Juris Doctor from Boston College in 1992. 

Rick Havenstrite and Marianne Havenstrite are husband and wife. 

Each director is elected until the next annual
meeting of shareholders and until his successor is elected and qualified, except as otherwise provided in the Bylaws or required by law.
We did not hold an annual meeting of the shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and we have not scheduled an annual
meeting for the current year. Whenever the authorized number of directors is increased between annual meetings of the stockholders, a
majority of the directors then in office has the power to elect such new directors for the balance of a term and until their successors
are elected and qualified. There are no family relationships between any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by
us to become a director, other than the relationship between our President, Rick Havenstrite, and our Treasurer/Principal Financial Officer,
Marianne Havenstrite, who are married. 

Officers are to be elected by the Board of Directors
at its first meeting after every annual meeting of stockholders. Each officer holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified
or until his earlier resignation or removal. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years there have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability
and integrity of any of the executive officers or directors, and none of these persons has been involved in any judicial or administrative
proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, any judicial or administrative
proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws or regulations, or any disciplinary
sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

22 

Committees 

Because of its small size, the Board of Directors
carries out the duties of the committees. We do not have compensation, audit, nominating, or other standing committees of the Board of
Directors. 

Nominating Procedures 

Recommendations for candidates to stand for election
as directors are made by the Board of Directors. We have not adopted a policy which permits security holders to recommend candidates for
election as directors or a process for stockholders to send communications to the Board of Directors. There have been no material changes
to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics 

On March 21, 2011, we adopted a Code of Ethics
which applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions, as well as to other employees or contractors and anyone associated with our company. We will provide any
person, without charge and upon request, a copy of the Code of Ethics. 

Audit Committee 

Our Board of Directors performs the duties that
would normally be performed by an audit committee. Our Board of Directors believes that its current members have sufficient knowledge
and experience necessary to fulfill the duties and obligations of the audit committee for our company. The Board of Directors has determined
that we do not have an audit committee financial expert, due to lack of funds. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the annual compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to our
company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary and Fees 
 
 Option Awards 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 Rick Havenstrite, 
President and CEO 
 2022 
 144,000 
 - 
 5,520 
 149,520 

2021 
 144,000 
 - 
 4,062 
 148,062 

In September 2010 we entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Havenstrite as President of our Company. The term of the agreement was originally for four years, expiring September 1, 2014, with automatic
one-year extensions unless notice is given by either party. The employment agreement was renewed for one-year terms beginning September
1, 2015, through 2023. Mr. Havenstrite is required under the terms of the agreement to devote a minimum of 75 of his business time to
the affairs of our company. Nevertheless, he may serve on the board of directors or serve as an officer of up to three companies not engaged
in business which may reasonably compete with our business, provided that he would not be required to render any material services with
respect to the operations or affairs of any other business which would exceed 25 of his entire business time. In spite of the minimum
percentage of his time required in his employment agreement, Mr. Havenstrite currently devotes approximately 90 of his time, or approximately
40 hours per week, to our business and approximately 10 , or five hours per week, of his business time to Overhead Door Company of Sierra/Nevada,
Inc., his overhead door business in Reno, Nevada. He does not anticipate devoting more than 20 of his time to the business of his overhead
door company during the term of his employment contract with us. The annual base salary is 144,000 plus performance compensation of between
10 and 100 of the annual base salary based upon fulfillment of annual performance goals established by the Board of Directors or the
Compensation Committee (if any). No performance bonuses have been paid under the employment agreement since its commencement. 

23 

Under our employment agreement with Mr. Havenstrite,
if we terminate the agreement without cause or if the agreement is constructively terminated by us, we have agreed to pay him a severance
package equal to one and one-half times the largest annual base salary plus the largest annual performance compensation received by him
under the agreement, payable 75 within 30 days and the balance within 30 days of the first anniversary of the termination. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal
Year End 

The following table sets forth the outstanding
equity awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options (#) exercisable 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option 
 expiration 
 date 
 
 Rick Havenstrite 
 1,000,000 
 0.40 
 February 23, 2023 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth the compensation
of directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Fees earned 
 or paid in cash ) 
 All other compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Howard Crosby 
 72,000 
 - 
 72,000 
 
 John Ryan 
 20,000 
 - 
 20,000 

Director compensation for Howard Crosby is 6,000
per month and for Mr. Ryan is 5,000 per quarter. 

24 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
furnished by current management and others, concerning the ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, of (i) each person who
is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, without regard to any limitations on conversion or exercise
of convertible securities or warrants; (ii) all directors and named executive officers; and (iii) our directors, named executive officers,
and executive officers as a group: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (1) 
 
 Rick Havenstrite 1290 Holcomb Ave. Reno, NV 89502 
 5,137,066 (2) 
 18.5 
 
 Howard Crosby 1290 Holcomb Ave. Reno, NV 89502 
 1,000,000 (3) 
 3.6 
 
 John P. Ryan 5968 N. Govt. Way #305 Dalton Gardens, ID 83815 
 600,000 (4) 
 2.2 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (3 Persons) 
 6,737,066 
 23.2 
 
 H H Metals Corp. 509 Madison Ave., Ste. 1902 New York City, NY 10022 
 1,500,000 (5) 
 5.6 
 
 Ibearhouse, LLC Kelley Price 7806 NE 10 th Street Medina, WA 98039 
 3,760,353 
 14.0 
 
 West C Street, LLC Richard Meadows 21838 NE 102 nd Street Redmond, WA 98053 
 2,260,353 
 8.4 
 
 Clifton Mining Company 101 South 200, Suite 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84111 
 5,810,824 
 21.7 
 
 Marianne Havenstrite 1290 Holcomb Ave. Reno, NV 89502 
 5,137,066 (6) 
 18.5 

(1) 
 This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and is believed to be accurate. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of our common stock subject to options, warrants, or other conversion privileges currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of the date of this table, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Where more than one person has a beneficial ownership interest in the same shares, the sharing of beneficial ownership of these shares is designated in the footnotes to this table. As of the date of this table, we had 26,831,603 shares outstanding. 

(2) 
 Of these shares, 1,000,000 are owned of record jointly by Mr. and Mrs. Havenstrite. These shares also include vested options to purchase 1,000,000 shares. 

(3) 
 Represents exercisable options to purchase 1,000,000 shares. 

(4) 
 Includes exercisable options to purchase 200,000 shares. 

(5) 
 H H Metals Corp. is an entity controlled by James Holme. 

(6) 
 Of these shares, 3,137,066 are owned of record by Mrs. Havenstrite s husband, Rick Havenstrite and 1,000,000 are owned of record jointly by Mr. and Mrs. Havenstrite. Also includes exercisable options to purchase 1,000,000 by Mr. Havenstrite. 

To our knowledge, except as noted above, no person
or entity is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the voting power of our Common Stock. 

25 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides disclosure as of
December 31, 2022, of compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under
which our equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 N/A 
 -0- 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 2,400,000 
 0.40 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 2,400,000 
 0.40 
 -0- 

On March 28, 2018 the Board of Directors adopted
the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The purposes of the Plan are (a) to enhance our ability to attract and
retain the services of qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other service providers upon whose judgment, initiative
and efforts the successful conduct and development of our business largely depends, and (b) to provide additional incentives to such persons
or entities to devote their utmost effort and skill to the advancement and betterment of our company, by providing them an opportunity
to participate in the ownership of our Company and thereby have an interest in the success and increased value of our Company. 

There are 2,400,000 shares of common stock authorized
for non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock grants, and stock appreciation rights under the
Plan, which are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and other situations. No shares remain available
for grants under the Plan. 

The Plan is administered by our board of directors;
however, the board of directors may designate administration of the Plan to a committee consisting of at least two independent directors.
Only employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company , as defined in the Plan, (including members of the board of directors
if they are employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company) are eligible to receive incentive stock options under the Plan. Employees
of our Company or of an Affiliated Company, members of the board of directors (whether or not employed by our company or an Affiliated
Company), and Service Providers , as defined in the Plan, are eligible to receive non-qualified options, restricted stock
units, and stock appreciation rights under the Plan. All awards are subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

No option awards may be exercisable more than
ten years after the date it is granted. In the event of termination of employment for cause, the options terminate on the date of employment
is terminated. In the event of termination of employment for disability or death, the optionee or administrator of optionee s estate
or transferee has six months following the date of termination to exercise options received at the time of disability or death. In the
event of termination for any other reason other than for cause, disability or death, the optionee has 30 days to exercise his or her options. 

The Plan will continue in effect until all of
the stock available for grant or issuance has been acquired through exercise of options or grants of shares, or until ten years after
its adoption, whichever is earlier. Awards under the Plan may also be accelerated in the event of certain corporate transactions such
as a merger or consolidation or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets. 

26 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Since 2009 we have leased our corporate office
space from RMH Overhead, LLC RMH ), an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Havenstrite, our President and a director. From
2009 until February 2014 monthly rent was 500 per month and from March 2014 until February 2020 monthly rent has been 1,000. Expansion
into additional office space effected a rental increase to 1,500 per month effective March 1, 2020. The rental agreement is month-to-month
and can be cancelled by either party at any time. During 2022 and 2021 we paid an aggregate of 18,000 and 18,000, respectively in rent
for this space. 

On February 1, 2021, RMH purchased a CAT 740B
Articulated Haul Truck from a dealer who had previously provided this equipment to the Company under a rent purchase option agreement.
We owed the dealer five monthly payments along with a major repair billing and the dealer had requested the return of the truck. RMH paid
the dealer the five past due payments plus an amount to complete the purchase of the truck. The Company paid the past due repair invoice,
and the truck was obtained with no encumbrances. Beginning February 1, 2021, we began renting this truck from RMH at a rate of 10,000
per month on a simple month-to-month rental arrangement. While our operations were curtailed in 2022, a reduced rate of 5,000 per month
was agreed upon. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid a total of 85,000 in truck rental to RMH. 

Marianne Havenstrite, wife of Rick Havenstrite,
is employed by the Company and acts as our Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Mrs.
Havenstrite earned 96,000 and 96,000, respectively. Mrs. Havenstrite currently devotes approximately 80 of her time, or approximately
40 hours per week, to our business and approximately 20 , or approximately ten hours per week, of her business time to Overhead Door Company
of Sierra/Nevada, Inc., her overhead door business in Reno, Nevada. We do not have a formal compensation agreement with Mrs. Havenstrite. 

On February 23, 2018, the Board approved the grant
of an aggregate of 2,400,000 options under the 2018 Plan exercisable at 0.40 per share which terminate February 23, 2023 in the amounts
and to the following: 

Rick Havenstrite 1,000,000 options; 

Howard Crosby 1,000,000 options; 

John Ryan 200,000 options; and 

Linde Havenstrite 200,000 options. 

On February 23, 2023, the above options all expired unexercised. 

Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Party Transactions 

We have not adopted a
specific policy pursuant to which an actual or proposed financial transaction, arrangement or relationship with a related person is subject
to review or approval or, if applicable, ratification, by our Board of Directors. Under Nevada law any contract or other transaction between
the company and one or more of its officers or directors or another entity in which one or more of the directors or officers are directors
or officers or are financially interested may be void or voidable unless (i) the common relationship is disclosed to the remaining disinterested
directors who thereafter approve or ratify the contract or transaction; (ii) the common relationship is disclosed to shareholders and
shareholders holding a majority of the voting power of the company, including shares held by the interested officer or director, approve
or ratify the contract or transaction, or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the company at the time it is authorized or
approved. 

27 

Independent Directors 

Our securities are not listed on a national securities
exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent. As a result, we have adopted the
independence standards of the NYSE American (formerly known as the American Stock Exchange and more recently the NYSE MKT) to determine
the independence of our directors. These standards provide that a person will be considered an independent director if he or she is not
an officer of the Company and is, in the view of the Company s Board of Directors, free of any relationship that would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment. Our Board of Directors has determined that John P. Ryan would be considered independent. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The Board of Directors selected Assure CPA, LLC,
7307 N. Division, Suite 222, Spokane, WA 99208 as the independent registered public accounting firm to examine the financial statements
of the Company for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. Assure CPA, LLC have audited the financial statements of the Company
since the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. 

Fees Paid 

Audit fees are comprised of amounts billed
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements and other fees that are normally provided
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. The aggregate fees billed for audit fees for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our independent registered public accounting firms are as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 Amount 
 
 2022 
 88,756 
 
 2021 
 100,504 

Audit related fees are comprised of amounts
billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements,
other than those previously reported as audit fees. We were not billed any audit related fees in addition to the audit fees shown above. 

Tax fees are comprised of amounts billed
for the preparation of our federal and state income tax returns. In 2022 and 2021, we were billed 6,125 and 36,918, respectively, for
income tax preparation work for federal and state tax returns filed for the years ended December 31, 2015 through 2021. 

All other fees represent amounts billed
for products or services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. In 2022 and 2021, we were billed 1,300 and nil,
respectively for these other services. 

28 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements Index Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting firm PCAOB ID # F-1 Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit), for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements, December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 

29 

The following exhibits are included with this
report: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed March 1, 2010 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-169701 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/30/10 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 3, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/9/11 

10.1 
 
 Pre-paid Forward Gold Purchase Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (confidential information has been redacted) 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/30/19 

10.2 
 
 Leasehold Deed of Trust dated March 7, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/30/19 

10.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Lease Agreement effective March 7, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/30/19 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement effective March 7, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.4 
 
 7/30/19 

10.5 
 
 Conveyance of Net Smelter Returns Royalty Interest effective March 7, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-169701 
 
 99.1 
 
 2/3/20 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2010, with Rick Havenstrite 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.15 
 
 9/30/10 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated effective May 1, 2019 to the Employment Agreement with Rick Havenstrite 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 99.1 
 
 7/22/19 

10.8 
 
 Rental Agreement effective October 1, 2009, with RMH Overhead, LLC 
 
 S-1A 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.19 
 
 11/12/10 

10.9 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated February 13, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.11 
 
 7/30/19 

10.10 
 
 Equipment Lease Agreement dated June 20, 2016 with RMH Overhead, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.36 
 
 6/29/18 

10.11 
 
 Ben Julian LLC Option Agreement dated March 26, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.13 
 
 7/30/19 

10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement dated June 7, 2019, with Clifton Mining Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 10.14 
 
 7/30/19 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No.1 to the Pre-Paid Forward Gold Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 2019 (confidential information has been redacted) 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-236398 
 
 10.15 
 
 2/12/20 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics adopted on March 21, 2011 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-169701 
 
 14.1 
 
 4/5/12 

31.1 
 
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 95 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File--the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

Management contract, or compensatory plan or arrangement, required to be filed as an exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

DESERT HAWK GOLD, CORP. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rick Havenstrite 

Rick Havenstrite, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Howard Crosby 
 
 Director and Chairman 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Howard Crosby 

/s/ Rick Havenstrite 
 
 President, CEO, and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Rick Havenstrite 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John P. Ryan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 John P. Ryan 

/s/ Marianne Havenstrite 
 
 Treasurer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Marianne Havenstrite 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished with
Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act. 

No annual report or proxy statement, form of proxy
or other proxy soliciting material was sent or provided to shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

31 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of Desert Hawk Gold
Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Desert Hawk Gold Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, of changes
in stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The Company s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
accumulated losses since inception. This factor raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to this matter is also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Metallic Content of Ore on Leach Pads (Note
4) 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company has inventory on leach pads of approximately
 3.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The inventory balance is based on an estimate of the number of gold ounces contained within the
ore on the leach pad. The Company estimates the recoverable gold content of the leach pad based on ore added to the pad, assays, historical
recovery rate, and ounces recovered. 

We identified the estimate of the number of gold
ounces as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management, in particular, gold content grade and the recovery
rate. Auditing this matter involved especially subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required. 

F- 1 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures to address this matter were
as follows: 

We evaluated management s process for determining
the gold content, specifically the assays and recovery rates used. Our assessment included an evaluation of the competence, objectivity
and authority of the personnel involved in the determination of gold content and reconciliations of gold recovered through the leaching
process. 

To assess the annual change in the estimated
quantity of gold ounces contained within the ore on the leach pad, we performed the following: 

o verified tonnage of ore added to the pad and related assays records, 

o compared gold ounces removed from the pad to gold ounces sold which were subject to separate audit procedures
performed on revenue, and 

o assessed the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying data used in management s estimate. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2011. 

F- 2 

DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Inventories (NOTE 4) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

INVENTORIES (NOTE 4) 
 -

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net (NOTE 5) 

MINERAL PROPERTIES AND INTERESTS, net (NOTE 6) 

RECLAMATION BONDS (NOTE 3) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Royalties and upside participation payable (NOTE 7) 

Accrued interest, prepaid forward gold contract (NOTE 7) 

Accrued liabilities officers and other wages (NOTES 11 and 12) 

Notes payable, current portion (NOTE 8) 

Settlement of consulting contract payable (NOTE 10) 

Prepaid forward gold contract liability (NOTE 7) 

Due to PDK in lieu of gold deliveries (NOTE 7) 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Notes payable, net of current portion (NOTE 8) 
 -

Asset retirement obligation (NOTE 9) 

TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTES 6, 12 and 13) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

Concentrate sales 

Contract processing income 

Total revenue 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General production and project costs 

Contract processing costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other operating costs 

Exploration expense 
 -

Legal and professional 

Officers and directors fees 

General and administrative 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Forward gold contract expense (NOTE 7) 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest and other income 

Interest expense equipment financing 

Interest expense - other 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

NET LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

Provision (benefit) for income tax 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP. 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 

Total Stockholders 

Shares Issued 
 Par Value .001 per share 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accretion of asset retirement obligation 

Write down of inventory to net realizable value 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Forward gold contract expense (NOTE 7) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Royalties and upside participation payable (NOTE 7) 

Accrued interest, prepaid forward gold contract (NOTE 7) 

Accrued liabilities officer and other wages 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Additions to property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

Payments on reclamation bonds 

Net cash used by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment of notes payable 

Net cash used by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid in interest 

NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Equipment acquired with notes payable equipment 
 -

Land and building purchased with note payable and accrued rent 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 7 

to . Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Replacements and betterments that extend the useful life of the
property and equipment are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in results of operations. See Note 5. 

F- 8 

associated with the Company s outstanding stock options were excluded
from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the options were antidilutive due to the net losses for the periods. 

F- 9 

through December 31, 2022 and net loss of for the year ended December
31, 2022 along with negative working capital of , which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

F- 10 

and , respectively, associated with estimated reclamation costs for its mineral properties. The totals in both
years include a surety bond of with a bonding company for reclamation of its mineral property. This escrowed amount is held at
Bank of New York, Mellon for the Company s benefit. It may not be released to the Company without the prior consent of the surety
bondholder. The escrowed amount does not earn interest. 

and 
are held as certificate of deposits by the Utah Department of Natural Resources. In 2022 and 2021, the Company bond requirements for planned
expansion and operations increased for which the Company paid and , respectively. 

Carbon column in process 

Finished goods 

Less long-term portion 
 -

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Electronic and computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Buildings 

Land and improvements 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Kiewit property facilities 

Less accumulated amortization 

Total 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and respectively. 

and the outstanding note payable balance was . A loss on disposal
of equipment of was recognized. The truck was purchased by a related party who in February began renting the truck to the Company
on a month-to-month basis. See Note 12. 

. ICM
financed the acquisition of the new HP4 crushing system with a new note of for the cost of the new equipment, plus accrued rent
payable, less the trade-in value of the HP3 crushing system. 

F- 11 

JJS property 

Less accumulated amortization 

Asset retirement obligation assets 

Kiewit Site 

Kiewit Exploration 

JJS property 

Total 

Less accumulated amortization 

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company agreed to deliver ounces of gold produced from the Kiewit property to PDK and the Company
would then receive proceeds from PDK at the then current spot price less a discount specified in the Purchase Agreement. The Company has
the option of paying cash to PDK for the number of ounces scheduled to be delivered each month at a rate of per ounce. The Company
received a net amount of in 2019 for the future delivery of these gold ounces. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
as amended, the Company is obligated to deliver gold in the following quantities: 

January 2021 to March 2021 

April 2021 to March 2022 

April 2022 to March 2023 

April 2023 to December 2023 

January 2024 

common shares of the Company. To date, PDK has not elected
this option. 

and ounces, respectively, were scheduled to be delivered to
PDK under the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The ounces due but unpaid to PDK at December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been reflected in Due
to PDK in lieu of gold deliveries on the balance sheet based on the Company s option to pay cash in lieu of delivery at 
per ounce. The forward gold contract balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Contractual payment per ounce in lieu of delivery 

Amount due to PDK 

F- 12 

Forward gold contract balance associated with ounces to be delivered during period 

Reduction in prepaid forward gold contract liability balance 

Prepaid forward gold contract liability balance at end of year 

following
each sale. To date, none has been remitted to PDK. 

on outstanding amounts due to PDK. 

Royalties withholding payable 

Upside participation payable 

Accrued interest, prepaid forward gold contract 

Subtotal 

monthly installments of , beginning , and a balloon payment of paid in 2022, non-interest bearing. 
 -

Note payable to Epiroc, collateralized by a used Epiroc drill due in monthly payments of including interest at . 

Note payable to Wheeler Machinery, collateralized by a used D8T dozer, due in monthly installments of , beginning August 2019, including interest at .
 
 -

Note payable to Wheeler Machinery, collateralized by a used CAT 740 Haul Truck, due in monthly installments of , beginning in July 2021, including interest at .
 
 -

Note payable to Goodfellow, collateralized by a JM Conveyor, due in monthly installments of , beginning in February 2021 including interest at .
 
 -

Current portion 

Long term portion 
 - 

will be
paid over the next four months. 

F- 13 

Increase due to change in estimated costs 
 -

Accretion expense 

Asset retirement obligation, end of year 

from the time the Company incurred the obligation to the time it
expects to pay the retirement obligation. 

due in July 2020 to H H. This payment has not yet been paid and is classified
as a current liability at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

as follows: 

Changes in prior year estimate 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exploration costs 

Stock based compensation 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property and equipment 

Inventory 
 
 -

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

million for federal income tax purposes, approximately million of which expire between
2036 and 2037. The remaining balance of approximately million will never expire but its utilization is limited to of taxable
income in any future year. 

F- 14 

of the deferred tax assets has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

months of the reporting date. The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. No such interest or penalties were recognized during the periods
presented. The Company had no accruals for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s federal income tax
returns for fiscal years 2019 through 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due
to RMH Overhead, LLC for rent was Nil and Nil , respectively. 

per month on a month-to-month basis. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 Nil and , respectively, is due to RMH for rent of this equipment. 

plus an auto allowance and certain performance compensation upon fulfillment of established goals. The agreement allows the board
of directors to terminate Mr. Havenstrite s employment at any time, providing for a severance payment upon termination without cause.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of compensation expense was recognized under this
agreement . 

Marianne Havenstrite, Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer 

Total 

per month and another director receiving
 per quarter. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accrued compensation due to directors was and respectively. 

and Nil ,
respectively and this amount is included in accounts payable. 

per
claim plus administrative and school trust land fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, claims fees paid were 
and , respectively. Claims fees are due in August for the year beginning in September of that year. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock. . Voting rights are not cumulative and, therefore,
the holders of more than of the common stock could, if they choose to do so, elect all of the directors of the Company. 

shares of par value Preferred Stock available for issuance with such rights and preferences, including liquidation,
dividend, conversion, and voting rights, as the Board of Directors may determine. 

shares under
its 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan was adopted by the board of directors on March 28, 2018, retroactive
to February 23, 2018, as a vehicle for the recruitment and retention of qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other
service providers. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors. The Company may issue, to eligible persons, restricted common stock,
incentive and non-statutory options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units. The terms and conditions of awards under the
Plan will be determined by the Board of Directors. 

. These options have an exercise price of , a remaining life of years, and no intrinsic value. No
options were granted, expired, or were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Silver 

Total concentrate sales 

Deductions to concentrate sales 

Royalties 

Upside participation payments 

Outside processing 

Subtotal deductions to concentrate sales 

Net concentrate sales 

Net processing income 

TOTAL REVENUE 

which is included in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_deserthawk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Rick Havenstrite, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Desert
Hawk Gold Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and
15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Rick Havenstrite 

Rick Havenstrite, President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_deserthawk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

I, Marianne Havenstrite, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Desert
Hawk Gold Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and
15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Marianne Havenstrite 

Marianne Havenstrite, Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_deserthawk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Desert
Hawk Gold Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Rick Havenstrite 

Rick Havenstrite, President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_deserthawk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Desert
Hawk Gold Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Marianne Havenstrite 

Marianne Havenstrite, Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 f10k2022ex95_deserthawk.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Exhibit 95 

Mine Safety Disclosure Data 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were
six violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of
a mine health hazard under section 104 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Act .
The total dollar value of proposed assessments from the Mine Safety and Health Administration under the Act was 24,057. 

We certify that no orders
were issued under section 104(b) of such Act, no citations or orders were issued for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply
with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of such Act, and there were no flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2)
of the Act. 

We certify that we had no mining-related fatalities
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We have not received an imminent danger order
under Section 107(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. 

We have not received any notices of a pattern
of violations, or of the potential to have such a pattern, of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have
significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health and safety hazards. 

We have no pending legal actions before the Federal
Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of December 31, 2022, and we have not instituted any legal actions during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dhgc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dhgc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dhgc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dhgc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dhgc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

