<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1534254_0001534254-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31057767</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>480760</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2904399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13368884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4837322</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9033962</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001534254-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315192953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001534254-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CION Investment Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534254
		IRS NUMBER:				453058280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00941
		FILM NUMBER:		23736702

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-418-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	C&#298;ON Investment Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001534254-23-000004.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 cion-20221231.htm
 2022 YEAR END FINANCIALS

cion-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None . 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 8.70 on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately . 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding as of March 8, 2023 was . 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference. 

C ON INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 81 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. Properties 
 54 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 Item 6. [RESERVED ] 
 62 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 63 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 78 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 80 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 148 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 148 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 149 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 149 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 150 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 156 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 157 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 158 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 160 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 163 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 166 
 Signatures 
 167 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives as a result of COVID-19, inflation, rising interest rates, supply-chain disruptions and the risk of recession; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financings and investments; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 the actual and potential conflicts of interest with our investment adviser, CION Investment Management, LLC, or CIM, a registered investment adviser and our affiliate, and CIM's affiliates; 
 the ability of CIM's investment professionals to locate suitable investments for us and the ability of CIM to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the ability of CIM and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest, including COVID-19, inflation, rising interest rates and supply-chain disruptions and the related economic disruptions caused thereby; 
 the effects of a changing interest rate environment; 
 our ability to source favorable private investments; 
 our tax status; 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; 
 the tax status of the companies in which we invest; and 
 the timing and amount of distributions and dividends from the companies in which we invest. 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect and intend indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 changes in the economy; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, pandemics, or natural disasters; 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas; 
 the price at which shares of our common stock may trade on and volume fluctuations in the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE; and 
 the costs associated with being a publicly traded company. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to review any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 1 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties that we face are related to: 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the ability of CIM to manage and support our investment process and if CIM was to lose any members of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed; 
 because our business model depends to a significant extent upon relationships with public and private lenders, selected middle-market private equity sponsors, large private equity sponsors (on a limited basis), investment banks and commercial banks, the inability of CIM or its affiliates to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business; 
 we may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could delay deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses; 
 as required by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, a significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments; 
 there is a risk that investors in our common stock may not receive distributions or that our distributions may not grow over time; 
 changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy; 
 any unrealized losses we experience on our portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution; 
 Risks Relating to CIM and its Affiliates 
 CIM and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our directors, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders; 
 we may be obligated to pay CIM incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio; 
 there may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that CIM s senior management and investment teams have to other clients; 
 our base management and incentive fees may induce CIM to make and identify speculative investments or to incur additional leverage; 
 the compensation we pay to CIM was determined without independent assessment on our behalf, and these terms may be less advantageous to us than if such terms had been the subject of arm s-length negotiations; 
 Risks Relating to Business Development Companies 
 the requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a business development company, or BDC; 
 failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility; 
 regulations governing our operation as a BDC and as a regulated investment company, or RIC, will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth; 
 our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted; 
 we are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility; 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment; 
 our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies; 
 there may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims; 
 we are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment; 
 2 

the discontinuation of the London InterBank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of LIBOR-indexed, floating rate debt securities in our portfolio or the cost of our borrowings, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us; 
 inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies; 
 economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results; 
 a covenant breach or other defaults by our portfolio companies may adversely affect our operating results; 
 investing in middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results; 
 a lack of liquidity in certain of our investments may adversely affect our business; 
 we may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded debt commitments; 
 prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity; 
 the effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 Risks Relating to Our Debt Financings 
 the Small Business Credit Availability Act of 2018 allows us to incur additional leverage and our shareholders approved a proposal permitting us to incur additional leverage, effective December 31, 2021; 
 since we have borrowed money, the potential for loss on amounts invested in us is magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowed money may also adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available for distribution to our shareholders, and result in losses; 
 the 2026 Notes, the More Term Loans and the Series A Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have currently incurred or may incur in the future; 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 we will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements; 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly; 
 we cannot assure you that a market for shares of our common stock will be maintained or the market price of our shares will trade close to net asset value, or NAV; 
 sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 
 we may in the future determine to issue preferred stock, which could adversely affect the market value of our common stock; 
 we may incur significant costs as a result of being a public company; 
 in 2022 we obtained, and in 2023 we intend to seek, the approval of our shareholders to issue shares of our common stock at prices below the then current NAV per share of our common stock. If we issue such shares and again receive such approval from shareholders in the future, we may issue shares of our common stock at a price below the then current NAV per share of common stock. Any such issuance could materially dilute your interest in our common stock and reduce our NAV per share and potentially the trading price of our common stock; 
 a shareholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional securities, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us; 
 purchases of our common stock by us under our 10b5-1 plan may result in dilution to our NAV per share; 
 3 

General Risk Factors 
 global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our revenue growth and profitability; 
 political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Russia's military invasion of Ukraine, creates and exacerbates risks; 
 the capital markets are currently in a period of disruption and economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations; and 
 we are subject to risks associated with cybersecurity and cyber incidents. 
 Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. For a more detailed discussion of the risks that you should consider prior to investing in our securities, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

Amounts and percentages presented herein may have been rounded for presentation and all dollar amounts, excluding share and per share amounts, are presented in thousands unless otherwise noted. In addition, all share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the two-to-one reverse stock split, which became effective on September 21, 2021, or the Reverse Stock Split. 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 C ON Investment Corporation, or the Company, was incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland on August 9, 2011. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our or similar terms refer to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. In addition, the term portfolio companies refers to companies in which we have invested, either directly or indirectly through our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 
 We are managed by CIM, our affiliate and a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement with us, CIM oversees the management of our activities and is responsible for making investment decisions for our portfolio. CIM is a controlled and consolidated subsidiary of CION Investment Group, LLC, or CIG, our affiliate. As a member of CIM, CIG s investment professionals provide investment advisory services, including advice, evaluation and recommendations with respect to our investments. Additionally, Apollo Investment Management, L.P., or AIM, a subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO), or Apollo, also a member of CIM and a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act, performs certain services for CIM, which include, among other services, providing (a) trade and settlement support; (b) portfolio and cash reconciliation; (c) market pipeline information regarding syndicated deals, in each case, as reasonably requested by CIM; and (d) monthly valuation reports and support for all broker-quoted investments. AIM may also, from time to time, provide us with access to potential investment opportunities made available on Apollo s credit platform on a similar basis as other third-party market participants. All of our investment decisions are the sole responsibility of, and are made at the sole discretion of, CIM s investment committee, which consists entirely of CIG senior personnel. 
 
 5 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we engaged in the purchase of debt and equity securities primarily issued by portfolio companies and lend directly to portfolio companies. The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 Investments Cost(1) Investments Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investment 
 Portfolio 
 Senior secured first lien debt Senior secured second lien debt Collateralized securities and structured products - equity Unsecured debt Equity Subtotal/total percentage Short term investments(2) Total investments Number of portfolio companies 113 Purchased at a weighted average price of par 97.81 Gross annual portfolio yield based upon the purchase price(3) 11.80 
 (1) Represents amortized cost for debt investments and cost for equity investments. Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on our investments. 
 (2) Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of three months or less. 
 (3) The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees and does not consider the cost of leverage. 
 Our Common Stock and the NYSE Listing 
 
 On December 17, 2012, we met our minimum offering requirement of 2,500 in capital raised from persons not affiliated with us, admitted our initial public investors as shareholders and officially commenced operations. Our initial continuous public offering ended on December 31, 2015, and our follow-on continuous public offering commenced on January 25, 2016 and ended on January 25, 2019, the date on which we closed the public offering of our shares. On October 5, 2021, our shares of common stock commenced trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CION , or the Listing. Since commencing our initial continuous public offering on July 2, 2012 and through December 31, 2022, we sold shares of common stock for corresponding net proceeds of at an average price per share of . The net proceeds include gross proceeds received from reinvested shareholder distributions of pursuant to our pre-Listing distribution reinvestment plan, for which we issued shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid for shares of common stock repurchased of , for which we repurchased shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock repurchased had been retired. For a complete description of our pre-Listing distribution reinvestment plan and pre-Listing and post-Listing share repurchase programs, refer to Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in this report. 
 6 

On February 26, 2023, our shares of common stock also listed and commenced trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange Ltd., or the TASE, under the ticker symbol CION . 
 
 Distributions 
 
 In January 2013, we began authorizing monthly distributions to our shareholders. From February 1, 2014 through July 17, 2017, our board of directors authorized and declared on a monthly basis a weekly distribution amount per share of our common stock. On July 18, 2017, our board of directors authorized and declared on a quarterly basis a weekly distribution amount per share of our common stock. Effective September 28, 2017, our board of directors delegated to management the authority to determine the amount, record dates, payment dates and other terms of distributions to shareholders, which are ratified by our board of directors, each on a quarterly basis. Beginning on March 19, 2020, we changed the timing of declaring distributions from quarterly to monthly and temporarily suspended the payment of distributions to shareholders commencing with the month ended April 30, 2020. On July 15, 2020, our board of directors determined to recommence the payment of distributions to shareholders in August 2020. On September 15, 2021, we changed the timing of declaring and paying regular distributions to shareholders from monthly to quarterly commencing with the fourth quarter of 2021. Distributions in respect of future quarters and any special distributions will be evaluated by management and the board of directors based on circumstances and expectations existing at the time of consideration. Declared distributions are paid quarterly. 
 
 Our board of directors declared or ratified distributions for 5, 11 and 19 record dates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents distributions per share that were declared during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Distributions Three Months Ended Per Share(1) Amount 2020 March 31, 2020 (thirteen record dates) 0.3657 20,793 June 30, 2020 (no record dates) September 30, 2020 (two record dates) 0.1765 10,011 December 31, 2020 (four record dates) 0.5684 32,479 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020 1.1106 63,283 2021 March 31, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,029 June 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,000 September 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,027 December 31, 2021 (two record dates) 0.4648 26,474 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2021 1.2592 71,530 2022 March 31, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,948 June 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,949 September 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.3100 17,604 December 31, 2022 (two record dates) 0.5800 32,074 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 1.4500 
 (1) The per share distribution amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included within this report.. 
 
 On March 13, 2023, our co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of 0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 
 About CIM 
 
 CIM is a registered investment adviser and our affiliate. CIM is a controlled and consolidated subsidiary of CIG and part of the CION Investments group of companies, or CION Investments. We believe that CION Investments is a leading manager of alternative investment solutions that focuses on alternative credit strategies for individual investors. CION Investments is headquartered in New York, with offices in Los Angeles and Boston. 
 
 Mark Gatto and Michael A. Reisner, together with Keith S. Franz, Gregg A. Bresner, Stephen Roman and Eric A. Pinero, form the senior management team of CIM. Both Messrs. Gatto and Reisner have significant managerial and investing experience and serve as our co-chairmen and co-chief executive officers. 
 7 

CIM s senior management team has extensive experience in lending to private U.S. middle-market companies and has developed an expertise in using all levels of a firm s capital structure to produce income-generating investments, focusing on risk management and delivering risk-adjusted returns that typically are collateralized by a company s business-essential equipment or corporate infrastructure. 
 
 Pursuant to an administration agreement, CIM furnishes us with office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services. CIM also oversees our financial records and prepares our reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. CIM also performs the calculation and publication of our NAV, and oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns, the payment of our expenses and the performance of various third party service providers. Furthermore, CIM provides on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. On November 8, 2022, our board of directors, including a majority of the board of directors who are not interested persons, approved the renewal of the administration agreement with CIM for a period of twelve months commencing December 17, 2022. 
 
 About CION Investments 
 
 CION Investments is a leading manager of investment solutions designed to redefine the way individual investors can build their portfolios and help meet their long-term investment goals. With more than 30 years of experience in the alternative asset management industry, CION Investments strives to level the playing field by giving investors direct access to asset management historically only available to the largest institutions. CION Investments provides distribution services as well through CION Securities, LLC, or CION Securities, one of our affiliates. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 We believe that the market for lending to private U.S. middle-market companies continues to present a compelling investment opportunity. CIM s management team has witnessed significant demand for debt capital among middle-market companies that have the characteristics we target. We believe that this demand, coupled with the fragmented availability of funding within our target market, will continue to enable us to achieve favorable transaction pricing. We believe that the following characteristics and market trends support our belief: 
 
 The middle-market is a large addressable market . According to the National Center for the Middle Market Year-End 2022 Middle Market Indicator, there are approximately 200,000 U.S. middle-market companies employing approximately 48 million people. The U.S. middle-market accounts for approximately one-third of private sector gross domestic product, or GDP, which, measured on a global scale, would be the fifth largest global economy. Collectively, the U.S. middle market generates more than 10 trillion in annual revenue. The National Center for the Middle Market defines middle-market companies as those with 10 million to 1 billion in annual revenue, which we believe has significant overlap with our definition of middle-market companies that generally possess EBITDA of 75 million or less. 
 
 There have been secular changes in ownership structures of U.S. middle-market companies. We believe that there has been a transformation in the ownership structures of private and public companies. The number of U.S. private-equity companies is at its highest level since 2000. Conversely, the number of listed U.S. domestic companies has dramatically declined over the same period, yet the average market capitalization of listed U.S. companies has grown. As a result, we believe that there has been a shift in the ownership of U.S. middle-market companies and thus creating a larger market opportunity for us to provide debt capital to the companies that we target. 
 
 Changes in business strategy by banks have further reduced the supply of capital to U.S. middle-market companies. The trend of consolidation of regional banks into money center banks has reduced the focus of these businesses on middle-market lending. Money center banks traditionally focus on lending and providing other services to large corporate clients to whom they can deploy larger amounts of capital more efficiently. We believe that this has resulted in fewer bank lenders to U.S. middle-market companies and reduced the availability of debt capital to the companies that we expect to target. As a result, we believe there is an increasing trend for middle-market companies to seek financing from other sources, such as us. 
 
 It is difficult for new direct lending platforms to enter the middle market and fill the capital void because it is very fragmented. While the middle market is a very large component of the U.S. economy, it is a highly fragmented space with thousands of companies operating in many different geographies and industries. Typically, companies that need capital find lenders and investors based on pre-existing relationships, referrals and word of mouth. Developing the many relationships and wide-spread recognition required to become source of capital to the middle market is a time consuming, highly resource-intensive endeavor. As a result, we believe that it is difficult for new lending platforms to successfully enter the middle market, thereby providing insulation from rapid shifts in the supply of capital to the middle market that might otherwise disrupt pricing of capital. 
 
 There is a large pool of uninvested private equity capital likely to seek additional senior debt capital to finance strategic transactions. We expect that middle-market private equity firms will continue to invest the approximately 1.1 trillion raised since 2012 in middle-market companies, as reported in Pitchbook s 3Q 2022 U.S. PE Middle Market Report, and that these private equity firms will seek to support their investments with senior loans from other sources, such as us. 
 8 

Specialized lending and unfunded private equity commitments drive demand for debt capital . Lending to small- and middle-market companies requires in-depth diligence, credit expertise, structuring experience and active portfolio management. In addition, middle-market companies may require more active monitoring and participation on the lender s part. As such, we believe that, of the U.S. financial institutions that are not liquidity constrained, few are capable of pursuing a sustained lending strategy successfully. We believe this creates a significant supply/demand imbalance for small and middle-market credit. We also expect that private equity firms will continue to pursue acquisitions and will seek to leverage their equity investments with debt financing, including senior debt, unitranche debt, and mezzanine loans provided by companies such as ours. Historically, according to the S P LCD Leveraged Lending Review, such leverage has represented approximately 70 of a private equity acquisition. Therefore, adding to the imbalance in the availability of credit is the significant amount of unallocated private equity capital raised since 2012 described above, much of which will require debt financing in the coming years. As depicted in the chart below, almost 1.24 trillion of unfunded private equity commitments were outstanding through the third quarter of 2022 (Source: Pitchbook's Q3 2022 Global Private Market Fundraising Report). 
 U.S. PE Capital Overhang B) by Year 
 
 As of 9/30/2022 
 Active private equity focus on small- and middle-market firms. Private equity firms have continued their active roles investing in small- and middle-market companies, and CIM expects this trend to continue. Private equity funds often seek to leverage their investments by combining equity capital with senior secured and mezzanine loans from other sources. Thus, we believe that significant private equity investment in middle-market firms will create substantial investment opportunities for us to fill the role of leverage provider. We believe that the network of relationships between CIM s senior management team and the private equity community will be a key channel through which we will seek to access significant investment opportunities. 
 
 Attractive market segment. We believe that the underserved nature of such a large segment of the market can at times create a significant opportunity for investment. In particular, we believe that middle-market companies are more likely to offer attractive economics in terms of transaction pricing (including higher debt yields), upfront and ongoing fees, prepayment penalties and more attractive security features in the form of stricter covenants and quality collateral. In addition, as compared to larger companies, middle-market companies often have simpler capital structures and carry less leverage, thus aiding the structuring and negotiation process and allowing us greater flexibility in structuring favorable transactions. 
 9 

Average Nominal Spread of Leveraged Loans 1 
 
 1 Excludes all facilities in default. 
 Source: S P Capital IQ LCD and Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index. 
 10 

Average Discounted Spread of Leveraged Loans 2 
 
 2 Excludes all facilities in default. 
 Spread calculations have been adjusted to be based off of the bid rather than par (that is assuming that the discounted margin is as a percent of the current market value rather than the par amount of the loan). 
 Source: S P Capital IQ LCD and Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index. 
 
 Characteristics of and Risks Related to Investments in Private Companies 
 
 We have invested and continue to invest primarily in the debt of privately held companies. Investments in private companies pose significantly greater risks as compared to investments in public companies. First, private companies have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress. Second, the investments themselves are often illiquid. As such, we may have difficulty exiting an investment promptly or at a desired price prior to maturity or outside of a normal amortization schedule. In addition, little public information generally exists about private companies. Finally, these companies often do not have third-party debt ratings or audited financial statements. We must therefore rely on the ability of CIM to obtain adequate information through its due diligence efforts to evaluate the creditworthiness of, and risks involved with, investing in these companies. These companies and their financial information will also generally not be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other rules and regulations that govern public companies that are designed to protect investors. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 When evaluating an investment, we use the resources of CIM to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential company s value. When identifying prospective portfolio companies, we focus primarily on the following attributes, which we believe will help us generate higher total returns with an acceptable level of risk. These attributes are: 
 
 Leading, defensible market positions that present attractive growth opportunities. We seek to invest in companies that we believe possess advantages in scale, scope, customer loyalty, product pricing or product quality versus their competitors, minimizing sales risk and protecting profitability. 
 
 Companies with leading market positions and strong free cash flows. We seek to invest in the debt of companies that have a leading market position or other significant competitive advantages and significant free cash flow. We believe that such companies are able to maintain consistent cash flow to service and repay our loans and maintain growth or market share. 
 
 Investing in middle-market, private companies. We seek to invest in middle-market, private companies that generally possess annual EBITDA of 75 million or less at the time of investment. We do not intend to invest in start-up companies, turnaround situations or companies with speculative business plans. 
 11 

Proven management teams with meaningful equity ownership. We focus on investments in which the target company has an experienced management team with an established track record of success. We typically require the portfolio companies to have in place proper incentives to align management s goals with ours. Generally, we focus on companies in which the management teams have significant equity interests. 
 
 Private equity sponsorship. Often we seek to participate in transactions sponsored by what we believe to be high-quality private equity firms. CIM s management team believes that a private equity sponsor s willingness to invest significant sums of equity capital into a company provides an additional level of due diligence investigation and is an implicit endorsement of the quality of the investment. Further, by co-investing with quality private equity firms that commit significant sums of equity capital with junior priority to our debt investments, we may benefit from having due diligence on our investments performed by both parties. Further, strong private equity sponsors with significant investments at risk have the ability and a strong incentive to contribute additional capital in difficult economic times should operational or financial issues arise. 
 
 Broad portfolio. We seek to create a portfolio of companies engaged in a variety of industries and located in a variety of geographic locations, thereby potentially reducing the risk of a downturn in any one industry, including, without limitation, as a result of COVID-19, inflation, rising interest rates, supply-chain disruptions, the risk of recession, or geographic location having a disproportionate impact on the value of our portfolio. We are not a diversified company as such term is defined under the 1940 Act. Because we are a BDC, we focus on and invest at least 70 of our total assets in U.S. companies, but seek to maintain investments across the various geographic regions of the U.S. To the extent that we invest in foreign companies, we intend to do so in accordance with the limitations under the 1940 Act and only in jurisdictions with established legal frameworks and a history of respecting creditor rights, including the United Kingdom and countries that are members of the European Union, as well as Canada, Australia and Japan. We cannot assure investors that we will be successful in our efforts to maintain a broad portfolio of investments. 
 
 Viable exit strategy. We focus our investment activity primarily in companies whose business models and growth prospects offer attractive exit possibilities, including repayment of our investments, with the potential for capital gain on any equity interest we hold through an initial public offering of common stock, a merger, a sale or other recapitalization. 
 
 Moreover, we may acquire investments in the secondary loan market, and, in analyzing such investments, we will employ the same analytical process that we use for our primary investments. 
 
 Potential Competitive Advantages 
 
 We believe that we offer to our investors the following potential competitive advantages over other capital providers to private U.S. middle-market companies: 
 
 Proven ability to invest in middle-market companies. We believe that CIM has proven its ability to source, structure and manage private investments for us since our inception in 2012. In addition, CIM maintains a deep and diverse network of highly experienced and like-minded partners including, without limitation, public and private lenders, selected middle-market private equity sponsors, large private equity sponsors (on a limited basis), and lightly syndicated loans. We leverage these proprietary relationships and CIM s expertise, which we believe enables us to be highly selective with a diverse array of investment opportunities that offer the most favorable risk/reward characteristics. 
 
 We are CIM s only client resulting in its investment professionals sourcing for and managing a single investment platform. Since we are CIM s only client, its investment professionals solely source for and manage our investment portfolio, which we believe results in sourcing focus and efficiencies. CIM s investment professionals do not source and monitor the investments of other funds within a larger platform, which we believe provides for a more efficient, focused, and responsive investment process. This allows CIM s investment professionals to provide timely, candid feedback to potential borrowers and deal partners, and to solely focus on one investment portfolio building the knowledge and expertise from sourcing, to monitoring, to exit. All investment opportunities are sourced and underwritten by CIM only with our risk and return objectives in mind, which we believe mitigates the potential risk of conflict among numerous portfolio managers within a larger platform. 
 
 First lien investment focus rather than relying on the capital structure to generate risk-adjusted returns. Although CIM will selectively target higher return/special situation investments in the secondary loan market through the purchase of illiquid, lightly syndicated loans, CIM focuses primarily on senior secured first lien loans to private U.S. middle-market companies rather than relying on such borrower s capital structure to generate risk-adjusted returns from junior debt or equity investments. In addition to providing us with favorable returns, we believe that this first lien investment focus allows us to mitigate risk in the event of a borrower s default since we will be in a senior secured first lien position with respect to such borrower s assets. 
 
 Long-term investment horizon . We believe that our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view provides us with the opportunity to generate favorable returns on invested capital and expands the types of investments that we may consider. The long-term nature of our capital structure helps us avoid disposing of assets at unfavorable prices and we believe makes us a better partner for portfolio companies. 
 12 

Transaction sourcing capability . CIM seeks to identify attractive investment opportunities both through active origination channels and through its long-term relationships with numerous corporate and fund management teams, members of the financial community and potential corporate partners. We also have access to the experience of CIM s officers in sourcing middle-market transactions through such persons network of originators and underwriters. We believe that the broad networks of CIM and its affiliates will continue to produce a significant amount of investment opportunities for us. 
 
 Disciplined, income-oriented investment philosophy . CIM employs a defensive investment approach focused on long-term credit performance and principal protection. This investment approach involves a multi-stage selection process for each investment opportunity as well as ongoing monitoring by CIM of each investment made, with particular emphasis on early detection of credit deterioration. This strategy is designed to maximize current yield and minimize the risk of capital loss while maintaining potential for long-term capital appreciation. 
 
 Ability to utilize a wide range of transaction structures . Although CIM focuses primarily on senior secured first lien debt, we believe that CIM s broad expertise and experience in transaction structuring at all levels of a company s capital structure affords us numerous tools to manage risk while preserving the opportunity for returns on investments. We attempt to capitalize on this expertise in an effort to produce an investment portfolio that will perform in a broad range of economic conditions. In addition, we believe that the ability to offer several forms of financing makes us an attractive provider of capital to prospective portfolio companies. Such flexible transaction structuring allows a prospective portfolio company to forego the substantial cost of conducting multiple negotiations and undergoing multiple due diligence processes to secure the different types of capital it requires. 
 
 Investment Types 
 
 There are a number of investment types corresponding to a company s capital structure. Typically, investors determine the appropriate type of investment based upon their risk and return requirements. Below is a diagram illustrating where these investments lie in a typical target company s capital structure. First lien debt is situated at the top of the capital structure, and typically has the first claim on the assets and cash flows of the company, followed by second lien debt, mezzanine debt, preferred equity and finally common equity. Due to this priority of cash flows and claims on assets, an investment s risk increases as it moves further down the capital structure. Investors are usually compensated for this risk associated with junior status in the form of higher returns, either through higher interest payments or potentially higher capital appreciation. 
 
 We focus primarily on investments in senior secured debt, including first lien loans, second lien loans and unitranche loans, and, to a lesser extent, collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities, unsecured debt, including corporate bonds and long-term subordinated loans, referred to as mezzanine loans, and equity. The mix of investments in our portfolio and other aspects regarding the implementation of our strategy may change materially over time. 
 
 Although we focus primarily on senior secured first lien debt, CIM can tailor our investment focus as market conditions evolve. Depending on market conditions and other factors, we may, as noted above, increase or decrease our exposure to less senior portions of the capital structure, where returns tend to be stronger in a more stable or growing economy, but less secure in weak economic environments. We rely on CIM s experience to structure investments, potentially using all levels of the capital structure, which we believe will perform in a broad range of economic environments. 
 
 Typical Leveraged Capital Structure Diagram 

13 

Senior Secured Debt 
 
 First Lien Loans 
 
 First lien secured loans are situated at the top of the capital structure. Because these loans have priority in payment, they carry the least risk among all investments in a company. Generally, our first lien secured loans are expected to have maturities of three to seven years, offer some form of amortization, and have first priority security interests in the assets of the borrower. We expect that our first lien secured loans typically will have variable interest rates ranging between 4.0 and 9.0 over a standard benchmark, such as the prime rate, LIBOR or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. 
 
 Unitranche Loans 
 
 Unitranche loans provide all of the debt needed to finance a leveraged buyout or other corporate transaction, both senior and subordinated, but generally in a first lien position, while the borrower generally pays a blended, uniform interest rate rather than different rates for different tranches. Unitranche loans generally require payments of both principal and interest throughout the life of the loan. Unitranche loans generally have contractual maturities of five to seven years and interest is generally paid quarterly. Generally, we expect these securities to carry a blended yield that is between first lien secured and subordinated debt interest rates. Unitranche loans provide a number of advantages for borrowers, including the following: simplified documentation, greater certainty of execution and reduced decision-making complexity throughout the life of the loan. In addition, we may receive additional returns from any warrants we may receive in connection with these investments. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. 
 
 Second Lien Loans 
 
 Second lien secured loans are immediately junior to first lien secured loans and have substantially the same maturities, collateral and covenant structures as first lien secured loans. Second lien secured loans, however, are granted a second priority security interest in the assets of the borrower. In return for this junior ranking, second lien secured loans generally offer higher returns compared to first lien secured debt. These higher returns come in the form of higher interest and in some cases the potential for equity participation through warrants, though to a lesser extent than with mezzanine loans. Generally, we expect these loans to carry a fixed rate of 10.0 to 13.0 or a floating current yield of 7.0 to 12.0 over the prime rate, LIBOR or SOFR. In addition, we may receive additional returns from any warrants we may receive in connection with these investments. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 In addition to first lien loans and second lien loans, we also may invest a portion of our assets in unsecured debt, including corporate bonds and subordinated debt. Unsecured debt investments usually rank junior in priority of payment to first lien loans and second lien loans, but are situated above preferred equity and common stock in the capital structure. In return for their junior status compared to first lien loans and second lien loans, unsecured debt investments typically offer higher returns through both higher interest rates and possible equity ownership in the form of warrants, enabling the lender to participate in the capital appreciation of the borrower. These warrants typically require only a nominal cost to exercise. We intend to generally target unsecured debt with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security, with the principal due at maturity. Typically, unsecured debt investments have maturities of five to ten years. Generally, we expect these securities to carry a fixed rate of 10 to 15 . In addition, we may receive additional returns from any warrants we may receive in connection with these investments. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. 
 
 Collateralized Securities, Structured Products and Other 
 
 We may also invest in collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities, which may include collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, collateralized bond obligations, or CBOs, collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs, structured notes and credit-linked notes. These investments may be structured as trusts or other types of pooled investment vehicles. They may also involve the deposit with or purchase by an entity of the underlying investments and the issuance by that entity of one or more classes of securities backed by, or representing interests in, the underlying investments or referencing an indicator related to such investments. CDOs, CBOs and CLOs are types of asset-backed securities issued by special purpose vehicles created to reapportion the risk and return characteristics of a pool of assets. The underlying pool for a CLO, for example, may include domestic and foreign senior loans, senior unsecured loans and subordinate corporate loans. 
 14 

Equity and Equity-Related Securities 
 
 While we intend to maintain our focus on investments in debt securities, from time to time, when we see the potential for significant gains, or in connection with securing particularly favorable terms in a debt investment, we may make non-control investments in preferred or common equity, typically in conjunction with a private equity sponsor we believe to be of high quality. Alternatively, we may hold equity-related securities consisting primarily of warrants or other equity interests generally obtained in connection with our unsecured debt investments. In the future, we may achieve liquidity through a merger or acquisition of a portfolio company, a public offering of a portfolio company s stock or by exercising our right, if any, to require a portfolio company to repurchase the equity-related securities we hold. With respect to any preferred or common equity investments, we expect to target an annual investment return of at least 20 . 
 
 Non-U.S. Securities 
 
 We may invest in non-U.S. securities, which may include securities denominated in U.S. dollars or in non-U.S. currencies, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 We may maintain a certain level of cash or equivalent instruments to make follow-on investments, if necessary, in existing portfolio companies or to take advantage of new opportunities. 
 
 Comparison of Targeted Debt Investments to Corporate Bonds 
 
 Loans to private companies are debt instruments that can be compared to corporate bonds to aid an investor s understanding. As with corporate bonds, loans to private companies can range in credit quality depending on security-specific factors, including total leverage, amount of leverage senior to the security in question, variability in the issuer s cash flows, the quality of assets securing debt and the degree to which such assets cover the subject company s debt obligations. As is the case in the corporate bond market, we will require greater returns for securities that we perceive to carry increased risk. The companies in which we invest may be leveraged, often as a result of leveraged buyouts or other recapitalization transactions, and, in certain cases, will not be rated by national rating agencies. We believe that our targeted debt investments typically will carry ratings from a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization, or NRSRO, and that such ratings generally will be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s or lower than BBB- by S P). To the extent we make unrated investments, we believe that such investments would likely receive similar ratings if they were to be examined by an NRSRO. Compared to below-investment grade corporate bonds that are typically available to the public, our targeted first lien secured and second lien secured loan investments are higher in the capital structure, have priority in receiving payment, are secured by the issuer s assets, allow the lender to seize collateral if necessary, and generally exhibit higher rates of recovery in the event of default. Corporate bonds, on the other hand, are often unsecured obligations of the issuer. 
 
 The market for loans to private companies possesses several key differences compared to the corporate bond market. For instance, due to a possible lack of debt ratings for certain middle market firms, and also due to the reduced availability of information for private companies, investors must conduct extensive due diligence investigations before committing to an investment. This intensive due diligence process gives the investor significant access to management, which is often not possible in the case of corporate bondholders, who rely on underwriters, debt rating agencies and publicly available information for due diligence reviews and monitoring of corporate issuers. While holding these investments, private debt investors often receive monthly or quarterly updates on the portfolio company s financial performance, along with possible representation on the company s board of directors, which allows the investor to take remedial action quickly if conditions happen to deteriorate. Due to reduced liquidity, the relative scarcity of capital and extensive due diligence and expertise required on the part of the investor, we believe that private debt securities typically offer higher returns than corporate bonds of equivalent credit quality. 
 
 CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC 
 
 On December 21, 2021, we formed CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC, or CION/EagleTree, an off-balance sheet joint venture partnership with ET-BC Debt Opportunities, LP, or ET-BC, which is an affiliate of EagleTree Capital, LP, or EagleTree. EagleTree made a Firm-level investment with proprietary capital. CION/EagleTree jointly pursue debt opportunities and special situation, crossover, subordinated and other junior capital investments that leverages our and EagleTree's combined sourcing and portfolio management capabilities. 
 
 We contributed a portfolio of second lien loans and equity investments and ET-BC contributed proprietary Firm-level cash in exchange for 85 and 15 , respectively, of the senior secured notes, participating preferred equity, and common share interests of CION/EagleTree. We and ET-BC are not required to make any additional capital contributions to CION/EagleTree. Our equity investment in CION/EagleTree is not redeemable. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding CION/EagleTree must be submitted to its board of managers, which is comprised of four members, two of whom were selected by us and the other two were selected by ET-BC. Further, all portfolio and other material decisions require the affirmative vote of at least one board member from us and one board member from ET-BC. 
 15 

We also serve as administrative agent to CION/EagleTree to provide servicing functions and other administrative services. In certain cases, these servicing functions and other administrative services may be performed by CIM. 
 
 On December 21, 2021, CION/EagleTree issued senior secured notes of 61,629 to us and 10,875 to ET-BC, or the CION/EagleTree Notes. The CION/EagleTree Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 14.0 per year and are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of CION/EagleTree. The obligations of CION/EagleTree under the CION/EagleTree Notes are non-recourse to us. 
 
 Operating and Regulatory Structure 
 
 Our investment activities are managed by CIM and supervised by our board of directors, a majority of whom are independent. 
 
 Pursuant to our investment advisory agreement, as amended and restated, we pay CIM an annual base management fee based on our gross assets as well as incentive fees based on our performance. The annual base management fee is calculated at a rate of 1.5 of the average value of our gross assets (including cash pledged as collateral for our secured financing arrangements, but excluding other cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) to the extent that our asset coverage ratio is greater than or equal to 200 (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity); provided that, the annual base management fee is reduced to 1.0 of the average value of our gross assets (including cash pledged as collateral for our secured financing arrangements, but excluding other cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) purchased with leverage resulting in our asset coverage ratio dropping below 200 . At our Special Meeting of Shareholders on December 30, 2021, shareholders approved a proposal to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 , which became effective on December 31, 2021. The annual base management fee is payable to CIM quarterly in arrears and is calculated based on the two most recently completed calendar quarters. 
 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. 
 
 The first part, which we refer to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable to CIM quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate, measured quarterly and expressed as a rate of return on our net assets at the beginning of the calendar quarter, equal to 1.625 per quarter, or an annualized rate of 6.5 , or the hurdle rate. We pay to CIM (x) 100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate, but is less than or equal to 1.970 in any calendar quarter (7.879 annualized) and (y) 17.5 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.970 in any calendar quarter (7.879 annualized); and 
 
 The second part of the incentive fee, which we refer to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is an incentive fee on capital gains earned on liquidated investments from our investment portfolio during operations and is determined and payable to CIM in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement). This fee equals 17.5 of our incentive fee capital gains (i.e., our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. 
 
 On July 11, 2017, the members of CIM entered into the third amended and restated limited liability company agreement of CIM, or the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, for the purpose of creating a joint venture between AIM and CIG. Under the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, AIM became a member of CIM and was issued a newly-created class of membership interests in CIM pursuant to which AIM, among other things, shares in the profits, losses, distributions and expenses of CIM with the other members in accordance with the terms of the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, which results in CIG and AIM each owning a 50 economic interest in CIM. 
 
 On July 10, 2017, our independent directors unanimously approved the termination of the investment sub-advisory agreement with AIM, effective as of July 11, 2017. Although the investment sub-advisory agreement and AIM's engagement as our investment sub-adviser were terminated, AIM continues to perform certain services for CIM and our company. AIM is not paid a separate fee in exchange for such services, but is entitled to receive distributions as a member of CIM as described above. 
 
 On December 4, 2017, the members of CIM entered into the fourth amended and restated limited liability company agreement of CIM, or the Fourth Amended CIM LLC Agreement, under which AIM performs certain services for CIM, which include, among other services, providing (a) trade and settlement support; (b) portfolio and cash reconciliation; (c) market pipeline information regarding syndicated deals, in each case, as reasonably requested by CIM; and (d) monthly valuation reports and support for all broker-quoted investments. AIM may also, from time to time, provide us with access to potential investment opportunities made available on Apollo s credit platform on a similar basis as other third-party market participants. All of our investment decisions are the sole responsibility of, and are made at the sole discretion of, CIM's investment committee, which consists entirely of CIG senior personnel. 
 16 

Pursuant to an administration agreement, CIM provides us with general ledger accounting, fund accounting, investor relations, employee compensation and benefit-related services, and other administrative services. In addition, we have contracted with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC to provide additional accounting and administrative services. 
 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. Also, while we are permitted to finance investments using debt, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant respects pursuant to the 1940 Act. Within the limits of existing regulation, we will adjust our use of debt, according to market conditions, to the level we believe will allow us to generate maximum risk-adjusted returns. We elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 
 Sources of Income 
 
 The primary means through which our shareholders will receive a return of value is through interest income, dividends and capital gains generated by our investments. In addition to these sources of income, we may receive fees paid by our portfolio companies, including one-time closing fees paid at the time an investment is made and/or monitoring fees paid throughout the term of our investments. Closing fees typically range from 1.0 to 3.0 of the purchase price of an investment, while annual monitoring fees generally range from 0.25 to 1.0 of the purchase price of an investment. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment or capital structuring fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees and performance-based fees. 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 We seek to limit the downside potential of our investment portfolio by: 
 applying our investment strategy guidelines for portfolio investments; 
 requiring a total return on investments (including both interest and potential appreciation) that adequately compensates us for credit risk; 
 creating and maintaining a broad portfolio of investments, size permitting, with an adequate number of companies, across different industries, with different types of collateral; and 
 negotiating or seeking debt investments with covenants or features that protect us while affording portfolio companies flexibility in managing their businesses consistent with preservation of capital. 
 Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights. We may also enter into interest rate hedging transactions at the sole discretion of CIM. Such transactions will enable us to selectively modify interest rate exposure as market conditions dictate. Furthermore, our ability to engage in hedging transactions may be adversely affected by recent rules adopted by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC. 
 
 Affirmative Covenants 
 
 Affirmative covenants require borrowers to take actions that are meant to ensure the solvency of the company, facilitate the lender s monitoring of the borrower, and ensure payment of interest and loan principal due to lenders. Examples of affirmative covenants include covenants requiring the borrower to maintain adequate insurance, accounting and tax records, and to produce frequent financial reports for the benefit of the lender. 
 Negative Covenants 
 
 Negative covenants impose restrictions on the borrower and are meant to protect lenders from actions that the borrower may take that could harm the credit quality of the lender s investment. Examples of negative covenants include restrictions on the payment of distributions and restrictions on the issuance of additional debt without the lender s approval. In addition, certain covenants restrict a borrower s activities by requiring it to meet certain earnings interest coverage ratio and leverage ratio requirements. These covenants are also referred to as financial or maintenance covenants. 
 
 Investment Process 
 
 The investment professionals employed by CIM have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to make investments in private companies. Our transaction process is highlighted below. 
 17 

Our Transaction Process 
 
 Sourcing 
 
 CIM utilizes its access to transaction flow to source transactions. With respect to CIM s origination channel, CIM seeks to leverage CION Investments' significant industry relationships and investment personnel that actively source new investments. We believe that CIM s broad networks have produced and will continue to produce a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. 
 
 Evaluation 
 
 Initial Review . In its initial review of an investment opportunity to present to us, CIM s transaction team examines information furnished by the target company and external sources, including rating agencies, if applicable, to determine whether the investment meets our basic investment criteria and other guidelines, within the context of creating and maintaining a broad portfolio of investments, and offers an acceptable probability of attractive returns with identifiable downside risk. 
 
 Credit Analysis/Due Diligence . Before undertaking an investment, the transaction team from CIM conducts a thorough due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the company fits our investment strategy, which may include: 
 a full operational analysis to identify the key risks and opportunities of the target s business, including a detailed review of historical and projected financial results; 
 a detailed analysis of industry dynamics, competitive position, regulatory, tax and legal matters; 
 on-site visits, if deemed necessary, as well as telephone calls and meetings with management and other key personnel; 
 background checks to further evaluate management and other key personnel; 
 a review by legal and accounting professionals, environmental or other industry consultants, if necessary; 
 financial sponsor due diligence, including portfolio company and lender reference checks, if necessary; and 
 a review of management s experience and track record. 
 When possible, our advisory team seeks to structure transactions in such a way that our target companies are required to bear the costs of due diligence, including those costs related to any outside consulting work we may require. 
 
 CIM may integrate environmental, social and governance, or ESG, risk considerations within its process for originating loans to U.S. middle market companies. As part of its due diligence process, CIM may consider, alongside other relevant factors, ESG risks, events or conditions that have or could have a material negative impact on the operating and performance metrics of these borrowers in the portfolio. Depending on the circumstances, examples of ESG risks can include physical environmental risks, climate change transition risks, supply chain disruptions, improper labor practices, lack of board diversity and corruption. CIM may utilize proprietary research to assess ESG risks that are relevant to our investment. 
 
 Execution 
 
 Recommendation . CIM seeks to maintain a defensive approach toward its investment recommendations by emphasizing risk control in its transaction process, which includes (1) the pre-review of each opportunity by one of its portfolio managers to assess the general quality, value and fit relative to our portfolio, (2) where possible, transaction structuring with a focus on preservation of capital in varying economic environments and (3) ultimate approval of investment recommendations by CIM s investment committee. 
 18 

Approval . After completing its internal transaction process, the CIM transaction team makes formal recommendations for review and approval by CIM's investment committee. In connection with its recommendation, it transmits any relevant underwriting material and other information pertinent to the decision-making process. Each new investment that we make requires the approval of a majority of members of CIM's investment committee. 
 
 Monitoring 
 
 Portfolio Monitoring . CIM closely monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis, as well as monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if each is meeting its respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. In addition, depending on the size, nature and performance of the transaction, senior investment professionals of CIM may take board seats or obtain board observation rights for our portfolio companies. 
 
 CIM has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which includes, but are not limited to, the assessment of success in adhering to a portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; comparisons to other portfolio companies in the industry; attendance at and participation in board meetings; and review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 
 
 CIM uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. These ratings are just one of several factors that CIM uses to monitor our portfolio, are not in and of themselves determinative of fair value or revenue recognition and are presented for indicative purposes. CIM rates the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 5 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of acquisition), although it may also take into account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. 
 
 The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating used in this ratings system: 
 Investment Rating Description 1 Indicates the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit. 2 Indicates a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing in accordance with our analysis of its business and the full return of principal and interest or dividend is expected. 3 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased since origination or acquisition, but full return of principal and interest or dividend is expected. A portfolio company with an investment rating of 3 requires closer monitoring. 4 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased significantly since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and noncompliance with debt covenants, and we expect some loss of interest, dividend or capital appreciation, but still expect an overall positive internal rate of return on the investment. 5 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. Loss of interest or dividend and some loss of principal investment is expected, which would result in an overall negative internal rate of return on the investment. 
 For investments rated 3, 4 or 5, CIM enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 
 CIM monitors and, when appropriate, changes investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process, CIM reviews these investment ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 19 

The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio based on the 1 to 5 investment rating scale at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding short term investments of and , respectively: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Investment Rating Investments 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Investments 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investment Portfolio 
 1 24,450 1.4 47,221 2.8 2 1,424,681 81.5 1,373,509 82.4 3 260,662 14.9 233,223 14.0 4 39,032 2.2 8,201 0.5 5 336 3,968 0.2 1,749,161 100.0 1,666,122 100.0 
 The amount of the investment portfolio in each rating category may vary substantially from period to period resulting primarily from changes in the composition of such portfolio as a result of new investment, repayment and exit activities. In addition, changes in the rating of investments may be made to reflect our expectation of performance and changes in investment values. 
 
 Valuation Process . Each quarter, we value investments in our portfolio, and such values are disclosed each quarter in reports filed with the SEC. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are recorded at such market quotations. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors determines the fair value of investments, including through delegation to CIM as our valuation designee, in good faith utilizing the input of our audit committee, CIM, and any other professionals or materials that our board of directors deems worthy and relevant, including independent third-party valuation firms, if applicable. 
 
 Managerial Assistance . As a BDC, we must offer, and provide upon request, managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Depending on the nature of the assistance required, CIM will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. To the extent fees are paid for these services, we, rather than CIM, will retain any fees paid for such assistance. 
 
 Exit 
 
 Exit Transactions. We seek to invest in companies that can generate consistent cash flow to repay their loans while maintaining growth in their businesses. We expect this internally generated cash flow to be a key means through which we will receive timely payment of interest and loan principal. Additionally, we attempt to invest in portfolio companies whose business models and growth prospects offer attractive exit possibilities via third-party transactions, including sales to strategic or other buyers and initial public offerings of common stock. Such third-party transactions may be particularly important in realizing capital gains through the equity portions of our investments. We also seek to exit investments in secondary market transactions when price targets are achieved or circumstances otherwise warrant. 
 Use of Leverage - Our Financing Arrangements 
 
 To seek to enhance our returns, we employ leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of CIM. Our (i) 675 million senior secured credit facility, or the JPM Credit Facility, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, or JPM, (ii) 150 million repurchase agreement, or the UBS Facility, with UBS AG, or UBS, (iii) 125 million senior unsecured notes due in 2026, or the 2026 Notes, (iv) 30 million unsecured term loan, or the 2021 More Term Loan, with More Provident Funds Ltd., or More, (v) 50 million unsecured term loan facility, or the 2022 More Term Loan, with More, and (vi) approximately 80.7 million in Series A unsecured notes due in 2026, or the Series A Notes, allow us to borrow money and lever our investment portfolio, subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, with the objective of increasing our yield. This is known as leverage and could increase or decrease returns to our shareholders. The use of leverage involves significant risks. As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding consolidated indebtedness, at par value, was approximately 957.5 million, 752.5 million of which was secured and was indebtedness of our subsidiaries, and we had 72.5 million of commitments available to be borrowed under our existing secured financing arrangements. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our financing arrangements. 
 20 

On March 23, 2018, an amendment to Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act was signed into law to permit BDCs to reduce the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 and, as a result, to potentially increase the ratio of a BDC's debt to equity from a maximum of 1-to-1 to a maximum 2-to-1, so long as certain approval and disclosure requirements are satisfied. At our Special Meeting of Shareholders on December 30, 2021, shareholders approved a proposal to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 , which allows us to increase the maximum amount of leverage that we are permitted to incur. Such asset coverage ratio became effective on December 31, 2021. We are required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to increase our leverage, our leverage capacity and usage, and risks related to leverage. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our asset coverage ratio based on the aggregate amount outstanding of our senior securities was 192 and 212 , respectively. 
 Determination of Net Asset Value 
 
 The value of our assets is determined quarterly and at such other times that an event occurs that materially affects the valuation. The valuation is made pursuant to Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act, which requires that we value our assets as follows: (i) the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is readily available, and (ii) for all other securities and assets, at fair value, as determined in good faith by our board of directors. As a BDC, Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act requires the board of directors to determine in good faith the fair value of portfolio securities for which a market price is not readily available, and it does so in conjunction with the application of our valuation procedures by CIM. In accordance with Rule 2a-5 of the 1940 Act, our board of directors has designated CIM as our valuation designee. Our board of directors and the audit committee of our board of directors, which is comprised solely of our independent directors, oversees the activities, methodology and processes of the valuation designee. 
 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each asset while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed. Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. A BDC is a special category of investment company under the 1940 Act that was added by Congress to facilitate the flow of capital to private companies and small public companies that do not have efficient or cost-effective access to public capital markets or other conventional forms of corporate financing. BDCs make investments in private or thinly-traded public companies in the form of long-term debt and/or equity capital, with the goal of generating current income or capital growth. 
 
 BDCs are closed-end funds that elect to be regulated as BDCs under the 1940 Act. As such, BDCs are subject to only certain provisions of the 1940 Act, as well as the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. BDCs are provided greater flexibility under the 1940 Act than are other investment companies in dealing with their portfolio companies, issuing securities, and compensating their managers. BDCs can be internally or externally managed and may qualify to elect to be taxed as RICs for federal tax purposes. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters, and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. The 1940 Act requires that a majority of a BDC s directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as a BDC, unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 The 1940 Act defines a majority of the outstanding voting securities as the lesser of (i) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if the holders of more than 50 of our outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy or (ii) a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing shareholders, in payment of distributions and in certain other limited circumstances. On September 15, 2022, our shareholders approved our ability to sell or otherwise issue during the next year shares of our common stock at a price below our then current NAV per share in one or more public or private offerings of our common stock not exceeding 25 of such then outstanding shares. If we issue such shares and again receive such approval from shareholders in 2023 or otherwise in the future, we may issue shares of our common stock at a price below the then current NAV per share of common stock. 
 21 

As a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory restrictions in negotiating or investing in certain investments. For example, we generally are not permitted to co-invest with certain entities affiliated with CIM in transactions originated by CIM or its affiliates unless we obtain an exemptive order from the SEC. On August 30, 2022, we, CIM and certain of our affiliates were granted the Order by the SEC for us to co-invest with other funds managed by CIM or certain affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. Pursuant to such Order, we generally are permitted to co-invest with certain of our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies, (3) the investment by our affiliates would not disadvantage us, and our participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which our affiliates are investing, and (4) the proposed investment by us would not benefit CIM or its affiliates or any affiliated person of any of them (other than the parties to the transaction), except to the extent permitted by the Order and applicable law, including the limitations set forth in Section 57(k) of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Order permits us to co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds, even if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. Even though we were granted the Order by the SEC, CIM s investment committee may determine that we should not participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act. We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might indirectly subject our shareholders to additional expenses as they will indirectly be responsible for the costs and expenses of such companies. None of our investment policies are fundamental and any may be changed without shareholder approval. 
 
 Qualifying Assets 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 
 1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer that: 
 a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the U.S.; 
 b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 c. satisfies any of the following: 
 i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 2. Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 
 3. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 22 

4. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 5. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 6. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the U.S. and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 
 In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, we must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where we purchase such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Depending on the nature of the assistance required, CIM will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. To the extent fees are paid for these services, we, rather than CIM, will retain any fees paid for such assistance. 
 
 Temporary Investments 
 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we may not meet the RIC diversification tests, as further described in the Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company section below, in order to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. CIM will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 
 Senior Securities 
 
 We were permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, was at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. Recent legislation has modified the 1940 Act by allowing a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements are met. On December 30, 2021, we received approval from our shareholders to reduce our minimum "asset coverage" ratio from 200 to 150 in accordance with the 1940 Act. Such asset coverage ratio became effective on December 31, 2021. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Business Development Companies - Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We and CIM have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. The code of ethics is attached as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019, which is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov . Shareholders may also obtain copies of the code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov . 
 23 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 
 We and CIM have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our Chief Compliance Officer, or CCO, is responsible for administering our policies and procedures and CIM s chief compliance officer is responsible for administering its policies and procedures. 
 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to CIM. The proxy voting policies and procedures of CIM are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by CIM and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, CIM has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for the investment advisory clients of CIM are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 
 Proxy Policies 
 
 CIM will vote proxies relating to our securities in a manner that it believes, in its discretion, to be in the best interest of our shareholders. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its clients. Although CIM will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 
 The proxy voting decisions of CIM are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to the chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote and (b) officers and employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how CIM intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. The CCO of CIM will work with the appropriate senior officers to resolve any conflict that may arise. 
 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 
 Shareholders may obtain information, without charge, regarding how CIM voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, c/o C ON Investment Corporation, 100 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 
 
 Privacy 
 
 The following information is provided to help investors understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 
 We generally will not receive any nonpublic personal information relating to shareholders who purchase our common stock. We may collect nonpublic personal information regarding our existing investors from sources such as subscription agreements, investor questionnaires and other forms; individual investors account histories; and correspondence between us and individual investors. We may share information that we collect regarding an investor with our affiliates and the employees of such affiliates for everyday business purposes, for example, to service the investor s accounts and, unless an investor opts out, provide the investor with information about other products and services offered by us or our affiliates that may be of interest to the investor. In addition, we may disclose information that we collect regarding investors to third parties who are not affiliated with us (i) as authorized by our investors in investor subscription agreements; (ii) as required by applicable law or in connection with a properly authorized legal or regulatory investigation, subpoena or summons, or to respond to judicial process or government regulatory authorities having property jurisdiction; (iii) as required to fulfill investor instructions; or (iv) as otherwise permitted by applicable law to perform support services for investor accounts or process investor transactions with us or our affiliates. 
 24 

Any party not affiliated with us that receives nonpublic personal information relating to investors from us is required to adhere to confidentiality agreements and to maintain appropriate safeguards to protect your information. Additionally, for officers, employees and agents of ours and our affiliates, access to such information is restricted to those who need such access to provide services to us and investors. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to seek to guard investor nonpublic personal information. For a discussion of the risks associated with cyber incidents, see Item 1A Risk Factors General Risk Factors We are subject to risks associated with cybersecurity and cyber incidents in this report. 
 
 Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 We elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to corporate-level federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our shareholders from our tax earnings and profits. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to maintain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses and determined without regard to any deduction for distributions paid. We refer to this as the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, 
 then we will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our income we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to shareholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our shareholders. 
 
 We will be subject to a 4.0 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and capital gain net income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no federal income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities, loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, or the 90 Income Test; and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with contractual payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income each taxable year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 25 

Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forego new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. Our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our shareholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. As a result, we may be prohibited from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. Even if we are not prohibited from making distributions, our ability to raise additional capital to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement may be limited. If we are not able to make sufficient distributions to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (3) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (4) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (5) cause us to recognize income or gain without receipt of a corresponding distribution of cash, (6) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (7) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (8) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions, but there can be no assurance that any adverse effects of these provisions will be mitigated. 
 
 If we purchase shares in a passive foreign investment company, or a PFIC, we may be subject to federal income tax on its allocable share of a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if our allocable share of such income is distributed as a taxable dividend to our shareholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code, or a QEF, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we may be able to elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income our allocable share of any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss our allocable share of any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases included in our income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of distributions from PFICs and proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 excise tax. 
 
 Exchange Act and Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 
 
 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our co-chief executive officers and our chief financial officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; and 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We intend to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 26 

Due to our Listing, we are no longer a non-accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and as a result, commencing with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we are required to comply with the independent auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires our independent registered public accounting firm to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Complying with Section 404(b) requires a rigorous compliance program as well as adequate time and resources. We are subject to significant documentation and administrative burdens as a result of being required to comply with Section 404(b), which requires us to utilize additional resources, and our internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our securities. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market companies and include other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, CLOs, private funds, including hedge funds, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. 
 
 In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 
 We do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer and CIM believes that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. Rather, we compete with our competitors based on our reputation in the market, our existing investment platform, the seasoned investment professionals of CIM, our experience and focus on middle-market companies, our disciplined investment philosophy, our extensive industry focus and relationships and our flexible transaction structuring. 
 
 Compliance with NYSE Listing Requirements 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CION . As a listed company on the NYSE, we are subject to various listing standards including corporate governance listing standards. We believe we are in compliance with these rules and standards. On February 26, 2023, our common stock also listed on the TASE under the symbol CION , which subjects us to various TASE listing standards including corporate governance listing standards. We believe we are also in compliance with these rules and standards. 
 
 Other 
 
 We are periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 
 We provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our shareholders arising from willful misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and we do not currently intend to hire any in the future. The compensation of our chief financial officer and treasurer, Keith S. Franz, and our chief compliance officer and secretary, Stephen Roman, is paid by CIM. We reimburse CIM for the compensation paid to our chief financial officer and his staff and our chief compliance officer and his staff. In the future, CIM may retain additional investment personnel based upon its needs. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Series A Notes 
 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into a Deed of Trust, or the Deed of Trust, with Mishmeret Trust Company Ltd., as trustee, under which we issued approximately 80.7 million in aggregate principal amount of our Series A Notes. The Series A Notes offering in Israel closed on February 28, 2023 and the Series A Notes listed and commenced trading on the TASE on February 28, 2023. After the deduction of fees and other offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 77.9 million, which we intend to use to make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with our investment objectives and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Series A Notes are rated A1.il by Midroog Ltd., an affiliate of Moody s. 
 27 

The Series A Notes will mature on August 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at our option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable, as set forth in the Deed of Trust. The Series A Notes bear interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus a credit spread of 3.82 per year, which will be paid quarterly on February 28, May 31, August 31, and November 30 of each year, commencing on May 31, 2023. The Series A Notes are our general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Series A Notes, rank pari passu with all our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness, rank effectively junior to any of our secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that we later secure) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 The Deed of Trust contains other terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as (i) information reporting, (ii) maintenance of our status as a business development company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, (iii) minimum shareholders equity of 525 million, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than 150 , and (v) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. In addition, the Deed of Trust contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least 50,000,000, certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, our shares of common stock listed and commenced trading on the TASE under the ticker symbol CION . 
 
 Q1 2013 Regular Distribution 
 
 On March 13, 2023, our co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of 0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. We maintain a website at www.cionbdc.com and make all of our annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other publicly filed information available, free of charge, on or through our website. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shareholders should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may also obtain such information by contacting us, in writing at: 100 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017, or toll free at 1-877-822-4276 or collect at (212) 418-4700. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC which are available on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of these reports, proxy statements and other information may be obtained, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 28 

Item 1A. 

29 

30 

31 

Risks Relating to CIM and its Affiliates 

32 

Risks Relating to Business Development Companies 

33 

34 

Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

Risks Relating to Our Debt Financings 
 
 42 

43 

) ) 
 Similarly, assuming (i) 1.87 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2022, (ii) a weighted average cost of funds of 7.87 and (iii) 958 million in debt outstanding (i.e., assumes that 93 of the 1.03 billion available to us as of December 31, 2022 under our financing arrangements as of such date is outstanding), our assets would need to yield an annual return (net of expenses) of approximately 4.02 in order to cover the annual interest payments on our outstanding debt. 

44 

45 

Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our executive offices are located at 100 Park Avenue, 25 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. We believe that our current office facilities are adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies and other third parties. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 
 per share, which represented a discount of approximately ) to the NAV per share reported by us as of December 31, 2022. 
 Closing Sales Price Premium (Discount) of High Sales Price to NAV (2) 
 Premium (Discount) of Low Sales Price to NAV (2) 
 Declared 
 Distributions (3) 
 NAV (1) 
 High Low Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2023 First Fiscal Quarter (4) 
 0.34 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 First Fiscal Quarter 16.20 ) ) 0.28 Second Fiscal Quarter 15.89 ) ) 0.28 Third Fiscal Quarter 16.26 ) ) 0.31 Fourth Fiscal Quarter 15.98 ) ) 0.58 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fourth Fiscal Quarter 16.34 ) ) 0.46 
 (1) NAV per share will be determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The NAV to be shown will be based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. 
 (2) Will be c alculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less NAV divided by NAV as of the last day in the relevant quarter. 
 (3) Represents the distributions declared in the relevant quarter. 
 (4) Through March 8, 2023 . 
 NAV has not yet been calculated for this period. 
 
 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term is separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV will decrease. At times, our shares of common stock may trade at a premium to NAV and at times our shares of common stock have traded at a discount to the net assets attributable to those shares. It is not possible to predict whether shares of our common stock will trade at, above or below our net asset value in the future. See Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock We cannot assure you that a market for shares of our common stock will be maintained or the market price of our shares will trade close to NAV." 
 
 Holders 
 As of March 8, 2023, we had 2,805 record holders of our common stock, which includes Cede Co. but does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock held in street name by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 SS C Technologies, Inc. (formerly, DST Systems, Inc.) serves as our transfer agent, distribution paying agent and registrar. 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 Effective on September 21, 2021, every two shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding were automatically combined into one share of our common stock, with the number of issued and outstanding shares reduced from 113,916,869 to 56,958,440. The reverse stock split amendment also provided that there was no change in the par value of 0.001 per share as a result of the reverse stock split. In addition, the reverse stock split did not modify the rights or preferences of our common stock. 
 55 

Listing 
 
 On October 5, 2021, our shares of common stock commenced trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CION . As approved by shareholders on September 7, 2021, the Listing was staggered such that (i) up to 1/3rd of shares held by all shareholders were available for trading upon Listing, (ii) up to 2/3rd of shares held by all shareholders were available for trading starting 180 days after Listing, or April 4, 2022, and (iii) all shares were available for trading starting 270 days after Listing, or July 5, 2022. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, our common stock also listed on the TASE under the ticker symbol CION . 
 
 Distributions and Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 We did not declare or pay any distributions during 2012. In January 2013, we began authorizing monthly distributions to our shareholders. From February 1, 2014 through July 17, 2017, our board of directors authorized and declared on a monthly basis a weekly distribution amount per share of our common stock. On July 18, 2017, our board of directors authorized and declared on a quarterly basis a weekly distribution amount per share of our common stock. Effective September 28, 2017, our board of directors delegated to management the authority to determine the amount, record dates, payment dates and other terms of distributions to shareholders, which are ratified by our board of directors, each on a quarterly basis. Beginning on March 19, 2020, management changed the timing of declaring distributions from quarterly to monthly and temporarily suspended the payment of distributions to shareholders commencing with the month ended April 30, 2020. On July 15, 2020, our board of directors determined to recommence the payment of distributions to shareholders in August 2020. On September 15, 2021, management changed the timing of declaring and paying regular distributions to shareholders from monthly to quarterly commencing with the fourth quarter of 2021. Distributions in respect of future quarters will be evaluated by management and the board of directors based on circumstances and expectations existing at the time of consideration. 
 
 Subject to our board of directors discretion and applicable legal restrictions, our management intends to continue to authorize and declare, and our board of directors intends to continue to ratify, a quarterly distribution amount per share of our common stock. Declared distributions are paid quarterly. We will calculate each shareholder s specific distribution amount for the period using record and declaration dates and each shareholder s distributions will begin to accrue on the date such shareholder first owns shares of our common stock. From time to time, we may also pay interim special distributions in the form of cash or shares of common stock at the discretion of our board of directors. As required under the 1940 Act, a quarterly estimate of the tax attributes of our distributions will be disclosed to our shareholders on our website at www.cionbdc.com ; however, actual determinations of such tax attributes, including determinations from return of capital, will be made available annually as of the end of our fiscal year, based upon our taxable income and distributions paid for the full year. Each year, information regarding the source of our distributions (i.e., whether paid from ordinary income, paid from net capital gains on the sale of securities, and/or a return of capital, the latter of which is a nontaxable distribution) will be disclosed to our shareholders on our website at www.cionbdc.com . Our distributions may exceed our earnings. As a result, a portion of the distributions we make may represent a return of capital. 
 
 We elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Code, beginning in 2012. 
 
 To qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements and distribute in respect of each taxable year at least 90 of our investment company taxable income , which is generally equal to the sum of our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, if any. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we are required to distribute in respect of each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses), for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income from preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no federal income tax. We intend to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution in an amount sufficient to maintain RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income taxes on income. However, we can offer no assurance that (i) we will maintain results that will permit the payment of any distributions, and (ii) we will not be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 56 

Our board of directors declared or ratified distributions for 5, 11 and 19 record dates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents distributions per share that were declared during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Distributions Three Months Ended Per Share(1) Amount 2020 March 31, 2020 (thirteen record dates) 0.3657 20,793 June 30, 2020 (no record dates) September 30, 2020 (two record dates) 0.1765 10,011 December 31, 2020 (four record dates) 0.5684 32,479 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020 1.1106 63,283 2021 March 31, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,029 June 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,000 September 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,027 December 31, 2021 (two record dates) 0.4648 26,474 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2021 1.2592 71,530 2022 March 31, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,948 June 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,949 September 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.3100 17,604 December 31, 2022 (two record dates) 0.5800 32,074 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 1.4500 81,575 
 (1) The per share distribution amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included within this report. 
 On March 13, 2023, our co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of 0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 
 In connection with the Listing of our shares of common stock on the NYSE, on September 15, 2021, we terminated our previous fifth amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan, or the Old DRP. The final distribution reinvestment under the Old DRP was made as part of the regular monthly distribution paid on September 14, 2021 to shareholders of record as of September 13, 2021. On September 15, 2021, we adopted a new distribution reinvestment plan, or the New DRP, which became effective as of the Listing, and first applied to the reinvestment of distributions paid after October 5, 2021. 
 
 Under the Old DRP and prior to the Listing, distributions to participating shareholders who opted in to the Old DRP were reinvested in additional shares of our common stock at a purchase price equal to the estimated net asset value per share of common stock as of the date of issuance. 
 
 The New DRP is an opt out distribution reinvestment plan for our shareholders. As a result, unless shareholders specifically elect to receive their distributions in cash, distributions will automatically be reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Under the New DRP, we reserve the right, subject to the provisions of the 1940 Act, to either issue new shares or cause the plan administrator to purchase shares in the open market for the accounts of plan participants in connection with implementation of the New DRP. We intend to use primarily newly issued shares of our common stock to implement the distribution reinvestment plan, so long as such shares are trading at or above NAV. If shares of our common stock are trading below NAV, we intend to cause the plan administrator or its designee, to the extent permitted by law and after taking into account any additional expenses related to open market purchases, to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market in connection with the implementation of the distribution reinvestment plan. However, we reserve the right to issue new shares of our common stock in connection with our obligations under the distribution reinvestment plan even if such shares are trading below NAV. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will nevertheless remain taxable to U.S. shareholders. 
 
 We may fund our distributions to shareholders in the future from any sources of funds available to us, including borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, and dividends or other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies. The amount of the distribution for shareholders receiving our common stock will be equal to the fair market value of the stock received. If shareholders hold common stock in the name of a broker or financial intermediary, they should contact the broker or financial intermediary regarding their election to receive distributions in cash. 
 57 

Pursuant to an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement entered into on January 2, 2018 between us and CIM, CIM agreed to provide expense support to us in an amount that was sufficient to: (i) ensure that no portion of our distributions to shareholders was paid from our offering proceeds or borrowings, and/or (ii) reduce our operating expenses until we achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that we bore a reasonable level of expense in relation to our investment income. Under certain conditions, CIM would have been entitled to reimbursement of such expense support. On December 9, 2020, we and CIM amended and restated the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement to extend the termination date of such agreement from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021. On December 31, 2021, we and CIM allowed the amended and restated expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement to expire in accordance with its terms. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, none of our distributions resulted from expense support from CIM. 
 
 The following table reflects the sources of distributions on a GAAP basis that were declared during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Source of Distribution Per Share Amount Percentage Per Share(1) Amount Percentage Per Share(1) Amount Percentage Net investment income 1.4500 81,575 100.0 1.2592 71,530 100.0 1.1106 63,283 100.0 Total distributions 1.4500 81,575 100.0 1.2592 71,530 100.0 1.1106 63,283 100.0 
 (1) The per share amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included within this report. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 We did not sell any securities during the period covered by this report that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 Pre-Listing Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Prior to October 5, 2021, our common stock was not listed on any securities exchange. 
 
 In order to provide shareholders with a measure of liquidity, beginning in the first quarter of 2014, we began offering to repurchase common stock on such terms as were determined by our board of directors in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent directors of our board of directors, such repurchases would not have been in the best interests of our shareholders or would have violated applicable law. We conducted such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. In months in which we repurchased common stock, we generally conducted repurchases on the last Wednesday in a calendar month. The offer to repurchase common stock was conducted solely through tender offer materials made available to each shareholder. 
 
 The board considered the following factors, among others, in making its determination regarding whether to cause us to continue offering to repurchase shares and under what terms: 
 the effect of such repurchases on our qualification as a RIC (including the consequences of any necessary asset sales); 
 the liquidity of our assets (including fees and costs associated with disposing of assets); 
 our investment plans and working capital requirements; 
 the relative economies of scale with respect to our size; 
 our history in repurchasing shares or portions thereof; and 
 the condition of the securities markets. 
 On March 19, 2020, our board of directors, including the independent directors, temporarily suspended our share repurchase program commencing with the second quarter of 2020 and included the third quarter of 2020. On November 13, 2020, we recommenced our share repurchase program for the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 On July 30, 2021, our board of directors, including the independent directors, determined to suspend our share repurchase program commencing with the third quarter of 2021 in anticipation of the Listing and the concurrent enhanced liquidity the Listing was expected to provide. The share repurchase program ultimately terminated upon the Listing. 
 58 

We limited the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares of common stock we could repurchase with the proceeds we received from the issuance of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Old DRP. At the discretion of our board of directors, we could have used cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase common stock. We offered to repurchase such common stock on each date of repurchase at a price equal to the estimated net asset value per share on each date of repurchase. 
 
 Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy 
 
 On September 15, 2021, our board of directors, including the independent directors, approved a share repurchase policy, or the Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy. Under the Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy, we are authorized to repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding common stock through various means such as open market transactions, including block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. On June 24, 2022, our board of directors, including the independent directors, increased the amount of shares of common stock that may be repurchased under the Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy by 10 million to up to an aggregate of 60 million. The number of shares repurchased and the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at our discretion. Factors include, but are not limited to, share price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with our general business conditions. The Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, a s part of the Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy, we entered into a trading plan with an independent broker, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, based in part on historical trading data with respect to our common stock. The 10b5-1 trading plan permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. The 10b5-1 trading plan is subject to price, market volume and timing restrictions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the share repurchases completed during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 Three Months Ended Repurchase Date Shares Repurchased(1) Percentage of Shares Tendered That Were Repurchased Repurchase Price Per Share(1) Aggregate Consideration for Repurchased Shares 2021 March 31, 2021 March 24, 2021 337,731 6 15.67 5,291 June 30, 2021 June 23, 2021 320,127 7 16.13 5,163 September 30, 2021(2) N/A 792 N/A 16.13 13 December 31, 2021 N/A N/A N/A Total for the year ended December 31, 2021 658,650 10,467 2022 March 31, 2022 N/A N/A N/A June 30, 2022 N/A N/A N/A September 30, 2022 Various 695,476 N/A 9.65 6,711 December 31, 2022 Various 963,480 N/A 9.06 8,733 Total for the year ended December 31, 2022 1,658,956 15,444 
 (1) Shares repurchased and repurchase price per share have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the two to one reverse stock split as discussed above. 
 (2) Represents an adjustment made during the three months ended September 30, 2021 to shares repurchased during the three months ended June 30, 2021. We suspended our pre-listing share repurchase program on July 30, 2021 as discussed above. 
 
 From January 1, 2023 to March 8, 2023, we repurchased 281,938 shares of common stock under the 10b5-1 trading plan for an aggregate purchase price of 3,044, or an average purchase price of 10.79 per share. As of March 8, 2023, 15,239,170 shares of common stock repurchased by us had been retired. 
 59 

Fees and Expenses 

Offering costs (2) 
 Distribution reinvestment plan fees Total shareholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) (2) 
 Estimated annual expenses (as a percentage of average net assets attributable to common stock): (3) 
 Base management fees (4) 
 Accrued incentive fees pursuant to our investment advisory agreement (17.5 of investment income, subject to a hurdle rate, and capital gains fee)(5) Interest payments on borrowed funds (6) 
 Other expenses (7) 
 Total estimated annual expenses 
 (1) In the event that the securities are sold to or through underwriters or agents, a prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus will disclose the applicable sales load (underwriting discount or commission) and the example will be updated accordingly. 
 (2) The applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus will disclose the applicable amount of offering costs and total shareholder transaction expenses that will supersede the information included in this report. 
 (3) Average net assets attributable to common stock used to calculate the percentages in this table equals our average net assets of approximately 907 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Effective upon the Listing on October 5, 2021, our base management fee payable to CIM pursuant to our investment advisory agreement was reduced from an annual rate of 2.0 to an annual rate of 1.5 of the average value of our gross assets (including cash pledged as collateral for our secured financing arrangements, but excluding other cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) to the extent that our asset coverage ratio is greater than or equal to 200 (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity); provided that, the annual base management fee is further reduced to 1.0 of the average value of our gross assets (including cash pledged as collateral for our secured financing arrangements, but excluding other cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets) purchased with leverage resulting in our asset coverage ratio dropping below 200 . At our Special Meeting of Shareholders on December 30, 2021, shareholders approved a proposal to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 (i.e., 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity). Such asset coverage ratio became effective on December 31, 2021. The annual base management fee is payable to CIM quarterly in arrears and is calculated based on the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The base management fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated based on the actual number of days elapsed relative to the total number of days in such calendar quarter. The base management fee referenced in the table above is based upon the actual amounts incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. For more detailed information about our base management fee payable to CIM under the terms of the investment advisory agreement, please also see Note 4 Transactions with Related Parties of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 (5) The incentive fees payable to CIM are based on the actual amount of the subordinated incentive fee on income recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no liability for and did not record any capital gains incentive fees. As we cannot predict whether we will meet the thresholds for incentive fees payable to CIM under the investment advisory agreement, the incentive fees paid in subsequent periods, if any, may be substantially different than the fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which we refer to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable to CIM quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate. Effective upon the Listing on October 5, 2021, the hurdle rate was reduced from 1.875 per quarter to 1.625 per quarter, or from an annualized hurdle rate of 7.5 to an annualized hurdle rate of 6.5 . The subordinated incentive fee on income for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated based on the actual number of days elapsed relative to the total number of days in such calendar quarter. The amount in the table is based on our most recent financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 60 

Example 

The example is designed to assist shareholders in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . Assuming a 5 annual return, and considering our performance will vary, the incentive fees under the investment advisory agreement may not be earned or payable and are not included in the example. This illustration assumes that we will not realize any capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and gross unrealized capital depreciation in any of the indicated time periods. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses would be higher. 
 61 

Item 6. [RESERVED]. 
 62 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties (see Forward-Looking Statements in this report). Amounts and percentages presented herein may have been rounded for presentation and all dollar amounts, excluding share and per share amounts, are presented in thousands unless otherwise noted. In addition, all share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split, which became effective on September 21, 2021. 
 Overview 
 We were incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland on August 9, 2011 and commenced operations on December 17, 2012 upon raising proceeds of 2,500 from persons not affiliated with us, CIM or its affiliates. We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation for investors. Our portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in senior secured debt, including first lien loans, second lien loans and unitranche loans, and, to a lesser extent, collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities, unsecured debt, and equity, of private and thinly-traded U.S. middle-market companies. In connection with our debt investments, we may receive equity interests such as warrants or options as additional consideration. We may also purchase equity interests in the form of common or preferred stock in our target companies, either in conjunction with one of our debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor. 
 On October 5, 2021, shares of our common stock began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CION . The Listing accomplished our goal of providing our shareholders with greatly enhanced liquidity. On February 26, 2023, our shares of common stock also listed and commenced trading on the TASE under the ticker symbol CION . 
 We are managed by CIM, our affiliate and a registered investment adviser. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement with us, CIM oversees the management of our activities and is responsible for making investment decisions for our portfolio. On April 5, 2021, our board of directors, including a majority of directors who are not interested persons, approved the amended and restated investment advisory agreement with CIM for a period of twenty four months, which was subsequently approved by shareholders on August 9, 2021 (as described in further detail below). We and CIM previously engaged AIM to act as our investment sub-adviser. 
 On July 11, 2017, the members of CIM entered into the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement for the purpose of creating a joint venture between AIM and CIG. Under the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, AIM became a member of CIM and was issued a newly-created class of membership interests in CIM pursuant to which AIM, among other things, shares in the profits, losses, distributions and expenses of CIM with the other members in accordance with the terms of the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, which results in CIG and AIM each owning a 50 economic interest in CIM. 
 On July 10, 2017, our independent directors unanimously approved the termination of the investment sub-advisory agreement with AIM, effective as of July 11, 2017, as part of the new and ongoing relationship among us, CIM and AIM. Although the investment sub-advisory agreement and AIM's engagement as our investment sub-adviser were terminated, AIM continues to perform certain services for CIM and us. AIM is not paid a separate fee in exchange for such services, but is entitled to receive distributions as a member of CIM as described above. 
 On December 4, 2017, the members of CIM entered into the Fourth Amended CIM LLC Agreement under which AIM performs certain services for CIM, which include, among other services, providing (a) trade and settlement support; (b) portfolio and cash reconciliation; (c) market pipeline information regarding syndicated deals, in each case, as reasonably requested by CIM; and (d) monthly valuation reports and support for all broker-quoted investments. AIM may also, from time to time, provide us with access to potential investment opportunities made available on Apollo's credit platform on a similar basis as other third-party market participants. All of our investment decisions are the sole responsibility of, and are made at the sole discretion of, CIM's investment committee, which consists entirely of CIG senior personnel. 
 The amended and restated investment advisory agreement was approved by shareholders on August 9, 2021 at our reconvened 2021 annual meeting of shareholders. As a result, on August 10, 2021, we and CIM entered into the amended and restated investment advisory agreement in order to implement the change to the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee payable from us to CIM that expresses the hurdle rate required for CIM to earn, and be paid, the incentive fee as a percentage of our net assets rather than adjusted capital. 
 63 

Upon the occurrence of the Listing on October 5, 2021, we and CIM entered into the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement in order to implement the changes to the advisory fees payable from us to CIM that (i) reduced the annual base management fee, (ii) amended the structure of the subordinated incentive fee on income payable from us to CIM and reduced the hurdle and incentive fee rates, and (iii) reduced the incentive fee on capital gains payable from us to CIM (as described in further detail in Notes 2 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). 
 
 On September 21, 2021, we effected a two to one reverse split of our shares of common stock under which every two shares of our common stock issued and outstanding were automatically combined into one share of our common stock, with the number of then issued and outstanding shares reduced from 113,916,869 to 56,958,440. The reverse stock split amendment also provided that there was no change in the par value of 0.001 per share as a result of the reverse stock split. The reverse stock split did not modify the rights or preferences of our common stock. 
 We seek to meet our investment objective by utilizing the experienced management team of CIM, which includes its access to the relationships and human capital of its affiliates in sourcing, evaluating and structuring transactions, as well as monitoring and servicing our investments. We focus primarily on the senior secured debt of private and thinly-traded U.S. middle-market companies, which we define as companies that generally possess annual EBITDA of 75 million or less, with experienced management teams, significant free cash flow, strong competitive positions and potential for growth. 
 Revenue 
 We primarily generate revenue in the form of interest income on the debt securities that we hold and capital gains on debt or other equity interests that we acquire in portfolio companies. The majority of our senior debt investments bear interest at a floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or monthly. In some cases, some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued, but unpaid, interest generally will become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment and capital structuring fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection with our investments will be recognized when earned. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses are the payment of management fees and subordinated incentive fees on income under the investment advisory agreement and interest expense on our financing arrangements. Our investment advisory fees compensate CIM for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing, monitoring and servicing our investments. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions. 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Series A Notes 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into the Deed of Trust with Mishmeret Trust Company Ltd., as trustee, under which we issued approximately 80.7 million in aggregate principal amount of our Series A Notes. The Series A Notes offering in Israel closed on February 28, 2023 and the Series A Notes listed and commenced trading on the TASE on February 28, 2023. After the deduction of fees and other offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 77.9 million, which we intend to use to make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with our investment objectives and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Series A Notes are rated A1.il by Midroog Ltd., an affiliate of Moody s. 
 The Series A Notes will mature on August 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at our option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable, as set forth in the Deed of Trust. The Series A Notes bear interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus a credit spread of 3.82 per year, which will be paid quarterly on February 28, May 31, August 31, and November 30 of each year, commencing on May 31, 2023. The Series A Notes are our general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Series A Notes, rank pari passu with all our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness, rank effectively junior to any of our secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that we later secure) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 64 

The Deed of Trust contains other terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as (i) information reporting, (ii) maintenance of our status as a business development company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, (iii) minimum shareholders equity of 525 million, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than 150 , and (v) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. In addition, the Deed of Trust contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least 50 million, certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 
 Q1 2013 Regular Distribution 
 
 On March 13, 2023, our co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of 0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 
 Portfolio Investment Activity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table summarizes our investment activity, excluding short term investments and PIK securities, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended December 31, Net Investment Activity 2022 2021 Purchases and drawdowns Senior secured first lien debt 524,293 868,031 Senior secured second lien debt 19,932 Unsecured debt 20,000 Equity 6,313 32,008 Sales and principal repayments (469,760) (827,958) Net portfolio activity 80,778 92,081 
 The following tables summarize the composition of our investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 Investments Cost(1) Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Senior secured first lien debt 1,638,995 1,579,512 90.3 Senior secured second lien debt 41,036 38,769 2.2 Collateralized securities and structured products - equity 2,687 1,179 0.1 Unsecured debt 30,427 22,643 1.3 Equity 79,595 107,058 6.1 Subtotal/total percentage 1,792,740 1,749,161 100.0 Short term investments(2) 10,869 10,869 Total investments 1,803,609 1,760,030 Number of portfolio companies 113 Average annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 55.2 million Median annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 35.0 million Purchased at a weighted average price of par 97.81 Gross annual portfolio yield based upon the purchase price(3) 11.80 
 (1) Represents amortized cost for debt investments and cost for equity investments. Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on our investments. 
 (2) Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of three months or less. 
 (3) The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees and does not consider the cost of leverage. 
 65 

December 31, 2021 Investments Cost(1) Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Senior secured first lien debt 1,564,891 1,526,989 91.6 Senior secured second lien debt 55,455 38,583 2.3 Collateralized securities and structured products - equity 3,885 2,998 0.2 Unsecured debt 26,777 26,616 1.6 Equity 53,379 70,936 4.3 Subtotal/total percentage 1,704,387 1,666,122 100.0 Short term investments(2) 87,917 87,917 Total investments 1,792,304 1,754,039 Number of portfolio companies 113 Average annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 50.4 million Median annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 36.3 million Purchased at a weighted average price of par 98.13 Gross annual portfolio yield based upon the purchase price(3) 8.62 
 (1) Represents amortized cost for debt investments and cost for equity investments. Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on our investments. 
 (2) Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of three months or less. 
 (3) The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees and does not consider the cost of leverage. 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio by the type of interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding short term investments of 10,869 and 87,917, respectively: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Interest Rate Allocation Investments Cost Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Investments Cost Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Floating interest rate investments 1,539,214 1,477,630 84.5 1,454,429 1,403,097 84.2 Fixed interest rate investments 166,297 157,006 9.0 176,326 172,162 10.3 Non-income producing investments 76,061 104,619 6.0 49,845 67,532 4.1 Other income producing investments 11,168 9,906 0.5 23,787 23,331 1.4 Total investments 1,792,740 1,749,161 100.0 1,704,387 1,666,122 100.0 
 66 

The following table shows the composition of our investment portfolio by industry classification and the percentage, by fair value, of the total assets in such industries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Industry Classification Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Services: Business 336,055 19.2 240,316 14.4 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 237,082 13.6 250,049 15.0 Media: Diversified Production 134,927 7.7 139,399 8.4 Services: Consumer 115,849 6.6 119,365 7.2 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 105,375 6.0 94,610 5.7 Diversified Financials 99,819 5.7 101,032 6.1 Retail 74,718 4.3 56,726 3.4 Energy: Oil Gas 68,756 3.9 32,164 1.9 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 66,753 3.8 109,860 6.6 Consumer Goods: Durable 60,735 3.5 58,124 3.5 High Tech Industries 56,501 3.2 65,544 3.9 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 47,886 2.8 45,682 2.7 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 46,739 2.7 50,855 3.0 Construction Building 46,007 2.6 27,585 1.7 Beverage, Food Tobacco 45,396 2.6 49,054 2.9 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 43,836 2.5 40,634 2.4 Capital Equipment 41,580 2.4 82,795 5.0 Aerospace Defense 38,842 2.2 38,279 2.3 Containers, Packaging Glass 19,551 1.1 Telecommunications 18,302 1.1 24,649 1.5 Automotive 16,255 0.9 14,367 0.9 Metals Mining 15,780 0.9 10,927 0.7 Transportation: Cargo 12,417 0.7 14,106 0.8 Subtotal/total percentage 1,749,161 100.0 1,666,122 100.0 Short term investments 10,869 87,917 Total investments 1,760,030 1,754,039 
 Our investment portfolio may contain senior secured investments that are in the form of lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, revolving credit facilities, or unfunded commitments, which may require us to provide funding when requested in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our unfunded commitments amounted to 71,420 and 107,247 , respectively. As of March 8, 2023, our unfunded commitments amount ed to 61,841. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for us. Refer to the section Commitments and Contingencies for further details on our unfunded commitments. 
 Investment Portfolio Asset Quality 
 CIM uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. These ratings are just one of several factors that CIM uses to monitor our portfolio, are not in and of themselves determinative of fair value or revenue recognition and are presented for indicative purposes. CIM rates the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 5 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of acquisition), although it may also take into account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. 
 67 

The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating used in this ratings system: 
 Investment Rating Description 1 Indicates the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit. 2 Indicates a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing in accordance with our analysis of its business and the full return of principal and interest or dividend is expected. 3 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased since origination or acquisition, but full return of principal and interest or dividend is expected. A portfolio company with an investment rating of 3 requires closer monitoring. 4 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased significantly since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and noncompliance with debt covenants, and we expect some loss of interest, dividend or capital appreciation, but still expect an overall positive internal rate of return on the investment. 5 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. Loss of interest or dividend and some loss of principal investment is expected, which would result in an overall negative internal rate of return on the investment. 
 For investments rated 3, 4, or 5, CIM enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio based on the 1 to 5 investment rating scale at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding short term investments of 10,869 and 87,917, respectively: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Investment Rating Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio 1 24,450 1.4 47,221 2.8 2 1,424,681 81.5 1,373,509 82.5 3 260,662 14.9 233,223 14.0 4 39,032 2.2 8,201 0.5 5 336 3,968 0.2 1,749,161 100.0 1,666,122 100.0 
 The amount of the investment portfolio in each rating category may vary substantially from period to period resulting primarily from changes in the composition of such portfolio as a result of new investment, repayment and exit activities. In addition, changes in the rating of investments may be made to reflect our expectation of performance and changes in investment values. 
 68 

Current Investment Portfolio 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio at fair value as of March 8, 2023: 
 Investments Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Senior secured first lien debt 1,540,952 89.8 Senior secured second lien debt 38,768 2.3 Collateralized securities and structured products - equity 1,179 0.1 Unsecured debt 22,643 1.3 Equity 110,821 6.5 Subtotal/total percentage 1,714,363 100.0 Short term investments(1) 100,513 Total investments 1,814,876 Number of portfolio companies 110 Average annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 55.2 million Median annual EBITDA of portfolio companies 35.0 million Purchased at a weighted average price of par 96.47 Gross annual portfolio yield based upon the purchase price(2) 11.89 
 (1) Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of three months or less. 
 (2) The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees and does not consider the cost of leverage. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Investment income 194,898 157,348 Operating expenses and income taxes 106,693 83,041 Net investment income after taxes 88,205 74,307 Net realized (loss) gain on investments and foreign currency (32,750) 840 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (5,314) 43,617 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 50,141 118,764 
 Investment Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated investment income of 194,898 and 157,348, respectively, consisting primarily of interest income on investments in senior secured debt, collateralized securities and structured products, and unsecured debt of 128 and 153 portfolio companies held during each respective period. Our average investment portfolio size, excluding our short term investments, increased 126,694, from 1,580,948 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,707,642 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, higher LIBOR and SOFR rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 also contributed to the increase in interest income generated on our investments. 
 69 

Operating Expenses and Income Taxes 
 The composition of our operating expenses and income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Management fees 27,361 31,143 Administrative services expense 3,348 3,069 Subordinated incentive fee on income 18,710 6,875 General and administrative 7,278 9,805 Interest expense 49,624 31,807 Income tax expense, including excise tax 372 342 Total operating expenses and income taxes 106,693 83,041 
 The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of (a) higher average borrowings under our financing arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and (b) higher LIBOR and SOFR rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in subordinated incentive fee on income was primarily the result of entering into (i) the amended and restated investment advisory agreement in August 2021, which changed the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee to express the hurdle rate required for CIM to earn, and be paid, the incentive fee as a percentage of our net assets rather than adjusted capital, and (ii) the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement in October 2021, which reduced the hurdle rate applicable to the subordinated incentive fee. The decrease in management fees was also primarily due to entering into the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement in October 2021, which among other things, reduced the annual rate from 2.0 to 1.5 , and further to 1.0 of our average gross assets purchased with leverage resulting in our asset coverage ratio dropping below 200 . 
 The composition of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Professional fees 1,778 4,214 Transfer agent expense 1,124 1,290 Insurance expense 833 612 Valuation expense 821 904 Dues and subscriptions 791 411 Printing and marketing expense 708 990 Director fees and expenses 632 516 Accounting and administrative costs 524 759 Other expenses 67 109 Total general and administrative expense 7,278 9,805 
 The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of lower nonrecurring professional fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 associated with the Listing. 
 Net Investment Income After Taxes 
 
 Our net investment income after taxes totaled 88,205 and 74,307 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net investment income was a result of an increase in our investment income during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was partially offset by an increase in our operating expenses during the same period, which was driven primarily by increases in the subordinated incentive fee on income and interest expense. 
 Net Realized (Loss) Gain on Investments and Foreign Currency 
 Our net realized (loss) gain on investments and foreign currency totaled (32,750) and 840 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This change was driven primarily by the write-off of certain investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to fewer investment write-offs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 70 

Net Change in Unrealized (Depreciation) Appreciation on Investments 
 The net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on our investments totaled (5,314) and 43,617 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This change was driven primarily by the underperformance of certain investments during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was partially offset by the realization of previously unrealized losses due to the write-off of certain investments. This is compared to tightening credit spreads and increased multiples in equity markets during the year ended December 31, 2021 that positively impacted the fair value of certain of our investments. 
 Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 50,141 and 118,764, respectively, as a result of our operating activity for the respective periods. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Investment income 157,348 163,842 Operating expenses and income taxes 83,041 85,114 Net investment income after taxes 74,307 78,728 Net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency 840 (69,872) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 43,617 (19,878) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 118,764 (11,022) 
 Investment Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we generated investment income of 157,348 and 163,842, respectively, consisting primarily of interest income on investments in senior secured debt, collateralized securities and structured products, and unsecured debt of 153 and 137 portfolio companies held during each respective period. Our average investment portfolio size, excluding our short term investments, decreased 34,712, from 1,615,660 during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 1,580,948 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, the higher average LIBOR during the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 also contributed to the decrease in interest income. 
 
 Operating Expenses and Income Taxes 
 The composition of our operating expenses and income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Management fees 31,143 31,828 Administrative services expense 3,069 2,465 Subordinated incentive fee on income 6,875 7,631 General and administrative 9,805 6,085 Interest expense 31,807 36,837 Income tax expense, including excise tax 342 268 Total operating expenses and income taxes 83,041 85,114 
 The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of lower borrowing costs incurred on our financing arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 71 

The composition of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Professional fees 4,214 1,490 Transfer agent expense 1,290 1,189 Printing and marketing expense 990 378 Valuation expense 904 999 Accounting and administrative costs 759 680 Insurance expense 612 489 Director fees and expenses 516 450 Dues and subscriptions 411 342 Other expenses 109 68 Total general and administrative expense 9,805 6,085 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of higher nonrecurring professional fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 associated with the Listing. 
 
 Net Investment Income After Taxes 
 
 Our net investment income after taxes totaled 74,307 and 78,728 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in net investment income after taxes was primarily due to a decrease in our investment income during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, which was partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) on Investments and Foreign Currency 
 Our net realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency totaled 840 and (69,872) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This change was driven primarily by fewer restructurings of our investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 
 The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments totaled 43,617 and (19,878) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This change was driven primarily by tightening credit spreads and increased multiples in equity markets during the year ended December 31, 2021 that positively impacted the fair value of certain of our investments, as compared to the outbreak and spread of COVID-19 around the world during the year ended December 31, 2020, which caused significant uncertainty and volatility in the U.S. and global economies as well as in the financial and credit markets and negatively impacted the fair value of certain of our investments. 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 118,764 as compared to a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of (11,022) for the year ended December 31, 2020 as a result of our operating activity for the respective periods. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We generate cash primarily from cash flows from interest, fees and dividends earned from our investments as well as principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. We also employ leverage to seek to enhance our returns as market conditions permit and at the discretion of CIM and pursuant to the 1940 Act. As a result, we also generate cash from our existing financing arrangements and may generate cash from future borrowings, as well as future offerings of securities including public and/or private issuances of debt and/or equity securities. We use cash primarily to (i) purchase investments in new and existing portfolio companies, (ii) pay for the cost of operations (including paying or reimbursing CIM), (iii) make debt service payments related to any of our financing arrangements and (iv) pay cash distributions to the holders of our shares. 
 72 

On March 23, 2018, an amendment to Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act was signed into law to permit BDCs to reduce the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 and, as a result, to potentially increase the ratio of a BDC s debt to equity from a maximum of 1-to-1 to a maximum of 2-to-1, so long as certain approval and disclosure requirements are satisfied. As a result of receiving shareholder approval on December 30, 2021, effective December 31, 2021, we are required to maintain asset coverage for our senior securities of 150 rather than 200 , which allows us to increase the maximum amount of leverage that we are permitted to incur. We may from time to time enter into additional financing arrangements or increase the size of our existing financing arrangements. Any such increase to our leverage would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our asset coverage ratio was 1.92 and 2.12, respectively. We seek to carefully consider our unfunded commitments for the purpose of planning our ongoing financial leverage. 
 
 On September 15, 2022, our shareholders authorized us to issue shares of our common stock at prices below the then current NAV per share in one or more offerings for a 12-month period following such shareholder approval. As of the date of this report, we are not engaged in discussions to issue any such shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 82,739 and short term investments of 10,869 invested in a fund that primarily invests in U.S. government securities. Cash and short term investments as of December 31, 2022, taken together with our available debt, is expected to be sufficient for our investing activities and to conduct our operations in the near term. As of December 31, 2022, we had 72 million available under our financing arrangements. 
 
 Our short-term cash needs include the funding of additional portfolio investments, the payment of operating expenses including interest expense, management fees, incentive fees, administrative services expense and general and administrative expenses, as well as paying distributions to our shareholders. Our long-term cash needs will include principal payments on outstanding financing arrangements and funding of additional portfolio investments. Funding for short and long-term cash needs will come from cash provided from operating activities and/or unused net proceeds from financing activities. We believe that our liquidity and sources of capital are adequate to satisfy our short and long-term cash requirements. We cannot, however, be certain that these sources of funds will be available at a time and upon terms acceptable to us in sufficient amounts in the future. 
 Post-Listing Share Repurchase Policy 
 
 On September 15, 2021, our board of directors, including the independent directors, approved a share repurchase policy authorizing us to repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding common stock after the Listing. On June 24, 2022, our board of directors, including the independent directors, increased the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased under the share repurchase policy by 10 million to up to an aggregate of 60 million. Under the share repurchase policy, we may purchase shares of our common stock through various means such as open market transactions, including block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased and the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at our discretion. Factors include, but are not limited to, share price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with our general business conditions. The policy may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, as part of the share repurchase policy, we entered into a trading plan with an independent broker, Wells Fargo, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based in part on historical trading data with respect to our shares. The 10b5-1 trading plan permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. The 10b5-1 trading plan is subject to price, market volume and timing restrictions. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate of 1,658,956 shares under the 10b5-1 trading plan for an aggregate purchase price of 15,444, or an average purchase price of 9.31 per share. 
 From January 1, 2023 to March 8, 2023, we repurchased an aggregate of 281,938 shares of common stock under the 10b5-1 trading plan for an aggregate purchase price of 3,044, or an average purchase price of 10.79 per share. 
 73 

RIC Status and Distributions 
 
 To qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute in respect of each taxable year at least 90 of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. We will incur an excise tax of 4 imposed on RICs to the extent we do not distribute in respect of each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses), for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income from preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no federal income tax. For an additional discussion of our RIC status and distributions, refer to Note 2 and Note 5, respectively, of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 For an additional discussion of our RIC status, refer to Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 We intend to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income taxes on income. Therefore, subject to applicable legal restrictions and the sole discretion of our board of directors, we intend to authorize, declare, and pay regular distributions on a quarterly basis. Regular and special distributions in respect of future periods will be evaluated by management and our board of directors based on circumstances and expectations existing at the time of consideration. 
 The following table presents distributions per share that were declared during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Distributions Three Months Ended Per Share(1) Amount 2020 March 31, 2020 (thirteen record dates) 0.3657 20,793 June 30, 2020 (no record dates) September 30, 2020 (two record dates) 0.1765 10,011 December 31, 2020 (four record dates) 0.5684 32,479 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020 1.1106 63,283 2021 March 31, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,029 June 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,000 September 30, 2021 (three record dates) 0.2648 15,027 December 31, 2021 (two record dates) 0.4648 26,474 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2021 1.2592 71,530 2022 March 31, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,948 June 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.2800 15,949 September 30, 2022 (one record date) 0.3100 17,604 December 31, 2022 (two record dates) 0.5800 32,074 Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 1.4500 81,575 
 (1) The per share distribution amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 On March 13, 2023, our co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of 0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. For an additional discussion of our RIC status and distributions, refer to Note 2 and Note 5, respectively, of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 74 

JPM Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, our aggregate outstanding borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility were 610,000 and 600,000, respectively, and the aggregate unfunded principal amount in connection with the JPM Credit Facility was 65,000 and 75,000, respectively. For a detailed discussion of our JPM Credit Facility, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 UBS Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, our outstanding borrowings under the Amended UBS Facility were 142,500 and 125,000, respectively, and the aggregate unfunded principal amount in connection with the Amended UBS Facility was 7,500 and 25,000, respectively. For a detailed discussion of our Amended UBS Facility, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 2026 Notes 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, we had 125,000 in aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding and there was no unfunded principal amount in connection with the 2026 Notes. For a detailed discussion of our 2026 Notes, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 2021 More Term Loan 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, our outstanding borrowings under the 2021 More Term Loan were 30,000 and there was no unfunded principal amount in connection with the 2021 More Term Loan. For a detailed discussion of our 2021 More Term Loan, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 2022 More Term Loan 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, our outstanding borrowings under the 2022 More Term Loan were 50,000 and there was no unfunded principal amount in connection with the 2022 More Term Loan. For a detailed discussion of our 2022 More Term Loan, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 Series A Notes 
 
 As of March 8, 2023, we had approximately 80,700 in aggregate principal amount of Series A Notes outstanding and there was no unfunded principal amount in connection with the Series A Notes. For a detailed discussion of our Series A Notes, refer to Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Unfunded Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022 and March 8, 2023, our unfunded commitments amounted to 71,420 and 61,841, respectively. For a detailed discussion of our unfunded commitments, refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a discussion of certain recent accounting pronouncements that are applicable to us. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we also utilize available information, including our past history, industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors, in forming our estimates and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual results may differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 75 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 
 The value of our assets is determined quarterly and at such other times that an event occurs that materially affects the valuation. The valuation is made pursuant to Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act, which requires that we value our assets as follows: (i) the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is readily available, and (ii) for all other securities and assets, at fair value, as determined in good faith by our board of directors. As a BDC, Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act requires the board of directors to determine in good faith the fair value of portfolio securities for which a market price is not readily available, and it does so in conjunction with the application of our valuation procedures by CIM. In accordance with Rule 2a-5 of the 1940 Act, our board of directors has designated CIM as our valuation designee. Our board of directors and the audit committee of our board of directors, which is comprised solely of our independent directors, oversees the activities, methodology and processes of the valuation designee. 
 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each asset while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed. Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Valuation Methods 
 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, CIM, as the valuation designee of our board of directors, undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 our quarterly valuation process generally begins with each portfolio company or investment either being sent directly to an independent valuation firm or initially valued by certain of CIM s investment professionals and certain members of its management team, with such valuation taking into account information received from various sources, including independent valuation firms, if applicable; 
 preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with members of CIM s management team; 
 designated members of CIM s management team review the preliminary valuation, and, if applicable, deliver such preliminary valuation to an independent valuation firm for its review; 
 designated members of CIM s management team and, if appropriate, the relevant investment professionals meet with the independent valuation firm to discuss the preliminary valuation; 
 designated members of CIM s management team respond and supplement the preliminary valuation to reflect any comments provided by the independent valuation firm; 
 our audit committee meets with members of CIM s management team and the independent valuation firms to discuss the assistance provided and the results of the independent valuation firms' review; and 
 our board of directors and our audit committee provide oversight with respect to this valuation process, including requesting such materials as they may determine appropriate. 
 
 We shall promptly (but no later than five business days after we become aware) report to our board of directors in writing on the occurrence of matters that materially affect the fair value of the designated portfolio of investments. Material matters in this instance include a significant deficiency or material weakness in the design or effectiveness of CIM s fair value determination process resulting in a material error in the calculation of net asset value of 0.01 per share or greater. 
 
 In addition to the foregoing, certain investments for which a market price is not readily available are evaluated on a quarterly basis by an independent valuation firm and certain other investments are on a rotational basis reviewed by an independent valuation firm. Finally, certain investments are not evaluated by an independent valuation firm unless certain aspects of such investments in the aggregate meet certain criteria. 
 
 Given the expected types of investments, excluding short term investments and stock of publicly traded companies that are classified as Level 1, management expects our portfolio holdings to be classified as Level 3. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the valuation process, particularly for Level 3 investments, such fair value estimates may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had an active market for the investments existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses that we ultimately realize on these investments to materially differ from the valuations currently assigned. Inputs used in the valuation process are subject to variability in the future and can result in materially different fair values. 
 
 For an additional discussion of our investment valuation process, refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 76 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 For a discussion of our relationship with related parties including CIM, CIG, and AIA and amounts incurred under agreements with such related parties, refer to Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 On August 26, 2016, 34th Street entered into the JPM Credit Facility with JPM, as amended and restated on September 30, 2016, July 11, 2017, November 28, 2017, May 23, 2018, May 15, 2020, February 26, 2021 and March 28, 2022. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the JPM Credit Facility. 
 
 On May 19, 2017, Murray Hill Funding II entered into the UBS Facility with UBS, as amended on December 1, 2017, May 19, 2020, November 12, 2020 and December 17, 2020. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the UBS Facility. 
 
 On February 11, 2021, we entered into the Note Purchase Agreement with purchasers of the 2026 Notes. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the 2026 Notes. 
 
 On April 14, 2021, we entered into the 2021 More Term Loan with More. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the 2021 More Term Loan. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, we entered into the 2022 More Term Loan with More. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the 2022 More Term Loan. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into a Deed of Trust with Mishmeret Trust Company Ltd., as trustee, pursuant to which we issued our Series A Notes. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the Deed of Trust and the Series A Notes. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 We have entered into certain contracts with other parties that contain a variety of indemnifications. Our maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown. However, we have not experienced claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and believe the risk of loss related to such indemnifications to be remote. 
 
 Our investment portfolio may contain debt investments that are in the form of lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, revolving credit facilities, or other unfunded commitments, which may require us to provide funding when requested in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. For further details on such debt investments, refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements, except for those discussed in Note 7 and Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 77 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, 84.5 of our investments paid variable interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, especially to the extent that we hold variable rate investments, and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. To the extent that a majority of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed our incentive fee hurdle rate, as defined in our investment advisory agreement, and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income, and also to the amount of incentive fees payable to CIM with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, under the terms of the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility, advances bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of 3.10 per year. Under the terms of the JPM First Amendment, additional advances of up to 100,000 bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR, plus a credit spread of 3.10 per year, and a LIBOR to SOFR credit spread adjustment of 0.15 . Pursuant to the terms of the Amended UBS Facility, we currently pay a financing fee equal to the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of 3.375 per year. Pursuant to the terms of the 2022 More Term Loan, advances bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR, plus a credit spread of 3.50 per year and subject to a 1.0 SOFR floor. In addition, we may seek to further borrow funds in order to make additional investments. Our net investment income will be impacted, in part, by the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we would be subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate investments. We expect that our long-term investments will be financed primarily with equity and long-term debt. Our interest rate risk management techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The following table shows the effect over a twelve month period of changes in interest rates on our net interest income, excluding short term investments, assuming no changes in our investment portfolio, the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility (including the JPM First Amendment), the Amended UBS Facility or the 2022 More Term Loan in effect as of December 31, 2022: 
 Basis Point Change in Interest Rates (Decrease) Increase in Net Interest Income(1) Percentage Change in Net Interest Income Down 300 basis points (19,636) (15.7) Down 200 basis points (13,607) (10.9) Down 100 basis points (6,842) (5.5) Down 50 basis points (3,421) (2.7) No change to current base rate (4.76 as of December 31, 2022) 
 Up 50 basis points 3,421 2.7 Up 100 basis points 6,843 5.5 Up 200 basis points 13,685 10.9 Up 300 basis points 20,528 16.4 
 (1) This table assumes no change in defaults or prepayments by portfolio companies over the next twelve months. 
 
 The interest rate sensitivity analysis presented above does not consider the potential impact of the changes in fair value of our fixed rate debt investments, our fixed rate borrowings (the 2026 Notes and the 2021 More Term Loan), our Series A Notes (which were issued on February 28, 2023), or the net asset value of our common stock in the event of sudden changes in interest rates. Approximately 9.0 of our investments paid fixed interest rates as of December 31, 2022. Rising market interest rates will most likely lead to fair value declines for fixed interest rate investments and fixed interest rate borrowings and a decline in the net asset value of our common stock, while declining market interest rates will most likely lead to an increase in the fair value of fixed interest rate investments and fixed interest rate borrowings and an increase in the net asset value of our common stock. 
 
 In addition, we may have risk regarding portfolio valuation. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Portfolio Investments and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 78 

Inflation and Supply Chain Risk 
 
 Economic activity has continued to accelerate across sectors and regions. Nevertheless, due to global supply chain issues, geopolitical events, a rise in energy prices and strong consumer demand as economies continue to rebound, inflation is showing signs of acceleration in the U.S. and globally. Inflation is likely to continue in the near to medium-term, particularly in the U.S., with the possibility that monetary policy may tighten in response. Persistent inflationary pressures could affect our portfolio companies' respective profit margins. 
 
 Credit markets continued to be under pressure during the second half of 2022 amid a risk-off environment and sustained macro-economic uncertainty due to record-high inflation, tighter financial conditions and growing recession risk. Central banks have remained focused on restoring price stability by raising interest rates and have signaled that growth may be hindered until inflation comes under control. 
 79 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 81 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 87 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 88 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 110 

80 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of C ON Investment Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of C ON Investment Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodians, loan agents or management of the underlying investments, as applicable, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from these parties, as applicable, were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Level 3 Investments 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, substantially all of the Company s investments are recorded at fair value, which represents the price that would be received from the sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America establish a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs used by management in measuring the Company s investments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. Investments valued using unobservable inputs are classified as Level 3 investments according to the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 2 and may require significant management judgment or estimation, including the selection of valuation techniques and the inputs used in those valuation techniques, to estimate fair value. As discussed in Note 9 to the financial statements, the fair value of the Company s investments classified as Level 3 investments was approximately 1.72 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 81 

We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the management judgment necessary to select the valuation techniques used to estimate the fair value of the investments and to estimate the significant unobservable inputs used in those valuation techniques. Auditing management s estimates and judgments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of valuation specialists, due to the impact these estimates and judgments have on the fair value of the investments. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to estimates and judgments used by management to select the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s valuation of Level 3 investments and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including those related to management s selection of valuation techniques and estimates of significant unobservable inputs. 
 We selected a sample of investments and evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used by management to value the Level 3 investments by considering the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation techniques from prior periods, if applicable, and also, comparing to those used by market participants. 
 For a sample of investments, we evaluated both the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs and the reasonableness of any significant changes in significant unobservable inputs from prior periods, when applicable, by comparing the unobservable inputs to external sources, including, but not limited to: 
 Historical operating results of the investee. 
 Available market data for comparable companies. 
 Subsequent events and transactions, where available. 
 We tested both the source information used to determine the unobservable input and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation used to compute the unobservable input for a sample of investments. 
 For a sample of investments, we utilized valuation specialists to perform the following procedures, among others: 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of management s valuation techniques by comparing them to those used by a market participant. 
 Develop an independent range of certain unobservable inputs such as market yield, comparable financial performance multiples and discount rates, among others, and compared them to the assumptions used by management. 
 Develop an independent estimate of the fair value and compared our estimate to management s estimate. 
 We evaluated management s ability to reasonably estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to transactions subsequent to the measurement date, considering changes in market or investment specific factors, among others, when applicable. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 82 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of C ON Investment Corporation 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited C ON Investment Corporation's (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements) of the Company and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

March 15, 2023 
 83 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments, at fair value: Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Non-controlled, affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Controlled investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash Interest receivable on investments Receivable due on investments sold and repaid Dividends receivable on controlled investments Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets 
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Liabilities Financing arrangements (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively) 
 Payable for investments purchased Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest payable Accrued management fees Accrued subordinated incentive fee on income Accrued administrative services expense Shareholder distribution payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 4 and Note 11) Shareholders' Equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated distributable losses ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity Net asset value per share of common stock at end of year 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments Interest income Paid-in-kind interest income Fee income Dividend income Non-controlled, affiliated investments Paid-in-kind interest income Interest income Fee income Dividend income Controlled investments Interest income Paid-in-kind interest income Dividend income Total investment income Operating expenses Management fees Administrative services expense Subordinated incentive fee on income General and administrative Interest expense Total operating expenses Net investment income before taxes Income tax expense, including excise tax Net investment income after taxes Realized and unrealized (losses) gains Net realized (losses) gains on: Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments ) ) ) Non-controlled, affiliated investments ) ) Controlled investments ) Foreign currency ) ) Net realized (losses) gains ) ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on: Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments ) Non-controlled, affiliated investments ) Controlled investments ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation ) ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Per share information basic and diluted(1) Net increase (decrease) in net assets per share resulting from operations ) Net investment income per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Changes in net assets from operations: Net investment income Net realized (loss) gain on investments ) ) Net realized (loss) gain on foreign currency ) ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Changes in net assets from shareholders' distributions: Distributions to shareholders ) ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholders' distributions ) ) ) Changes in net assets from capital share transactions: Reinvestment of shareholders' distributions Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from capital share transactions ) ) Total (decrease) increase in net assets ) ) Net assets at beginning of year Net assets at end of year Net asset value per share of common stock at end of year(1) Shares of common stock outstanding at end of year(1) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net accretion of discount on investments ) ) ) Proceeds from principal repayment of investments Purchase of investments ) ) ) Paid-in-kind interest and dividends capitalized ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in short term investments, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Net realized loss (gain) on investments ) Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments ) Amortization of debt issuance costs (Increase) decrease in due from counterparty (Increase) decrease in interest receivable on investments ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in dividends receivable on investments ) (Increase) decrease in receivable due on investments sold and repaid (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in payable for investments purchased ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Increase (decrease) in interest payable ) Increase (decrease) in accrued management fees ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued administrative services expense Increase (decrease) in subordinated incentive fee on income payable ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Financing activities: Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Shareholders' distributions paid ) ) ) Repayments under financing arrangements ) ) Borrowings under financing arrangements Debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental non-cash financing activities: Reinvestment of shareholders' distributions Restructuring of portfolio investment Cash interest receivable exchanged for additional securities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Senior Secured First Lien Debt - 
 Adapt Laser Acquisition, Inc.(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2023 Capital Equipment Adapt Laser Acquisition, Inc.(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2023 Capital Equipment AHF Parent Holding, Inc.(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/1/2028 Construction Building Allen Media, LLC(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/10/2027 Media: Diversified Production ALM Media, LLC(m)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/25/2024 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing American Clinical Solutions LLC(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals American Consolidated Natural Resources, Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/16/2025 Metals Mining American Health Staffing Group, Inc.(m)(y) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/19/2026 Services: Business American Health Staffing Group, Inc. Unfunded 
 11/19/2026 Services: Business ) American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd.(o)(q) Unfunded 
 1/31/23 Telecommunications American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd.(q) Prime+ 
 1/31/23 Telecommunications Analogic Corp.(m)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/21/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Ancile Solutions, Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/11/2026 High Tech Industries Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. Unfunded 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production ) Appalachian Resource Company, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/10/2023 Metals Mining Appalachian Resource Company, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/10/2023 Metals Mining Archer Systems, LLC(m)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 8/11/2027 Services: Business Archer Systems, LLC Unfunded 
 8/11/2027 Services: Business ) ) Associated Asphalt Partners, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/5/2024 Construction Building Atlas Supply LLC 4/29/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Avison Young (USA) Inc.(h)(m)(w) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 1/31/2026 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/7/2027 Services: Business BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/7/2027 Services: Business BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC Unfunded 
 2/7/2027 Services: Business ) Berlitz Holdings, Inc.(r)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/14/2025 Services: Business Bradshaw International Parent Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/21/2027 Consumer Goods: Durable Bradshaw International Parent Corp. Unfunded 
 10/21/2026 Consumer Goods: Durable ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Cabi, LLC(m)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/28/2027 Retail Cadence Aerospace, LLC(m)(n)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/14/2023 Aerospace Defense Carestream Health, Inc.(n)(r)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/30/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals CB URS Holdings Corp.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/1/2024 Transportation: Cargo Celerity Acquisition Holdings, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/28/2026 Services: Business Cennox, Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/4/2026 Services: Business Cennox, Inc.(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/4/2026 Services: Business Cennox, Inc. L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/4/2026 Services: Business Cennox, Inc. Unfunded 
 8/11/2023 Services: Business ) Cennox, Inc. Unfunded 
 5/4/2026 Services: Business ) CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC(h)(s)(t) 12/21/2026 Diversified Financials CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/16/2024 Hotel, Gaming Leisure CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/16/2024 Hotel, Gaming Leisure CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/16/2023 Hotel, Gaming Leisure Community Tree Service, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 6/17/2027 Construction Building Country Fresh Holdings, LLC(q)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/29/2023 Beverage, Food Tobacco Country Fresh Holdings, LLC(q)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/29/2023 Beverage, Food Tobacco Coyote Buyer, LLC(m)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/6/2026 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Coyote Buyer, LLC(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/6/2026 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Coyote Buyer, LLC Unfunded 
 2/6/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber ) Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals David's Bridal, LLC(m)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/23/2024 Retail David's Bridal, LLC(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/23/2024 Retail David's Bridal, LLC(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/23/2024 Retail David's Bridal, LLC(q)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2024 Retail Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc.(m)(q)(r)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/25/2024 Media: Diversified Production Dermcare Management, LLC(m)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/22/2028 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Dermcare Management, LLC(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/22/2028 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Dermcare Management, LLC Prime+ 
 4/22/2028 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Dermcare Management, LLC Unfunded 
 10/22/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Dermcare Management, LLC Unfunded 
 4/22/2028 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals ) DMT Solutions Global Corp.(n)(u) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2024 Services: Business Emerald Technologies (U.S.) Acquisitionco, Inc.(n)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 12/29/2027 Services: Business Entertainment Studios P A LLC(m)(x)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/28/2027 Media: Diversified Production Entertainment Studios P A LLC(j) 5/18/2037 Media: Diversified Production Flatworld Intermediate Corp.(n)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 10/3/2027 Services: Business Flatworld Intermediate Corp. Unfunded 
 10/3/2027 Services: Business FuseFX, LLC(m)(n)(w) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 10/1/2024 Media: Diversified Production Fusion Connect Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/18/2027 High Tech Industries Future Pak, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Gold Medal Holdings, Inc.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 3/17/2027 Services: Business GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber H.W. Lochner, Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building H.W. Lochner, Inc.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building H.W. Lochner, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building H.W. Lochner, Inc. Unfunded 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building Harland Clarke Holdings Corp. (m)(x) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 6/16/2026 Services: Business Heritage Power, LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2026 Energy: Oil Gas Hilliard, Martinez Gonzales, LLP(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2023 Services: Consumer Hollander Intermediate LLC(m)(w)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/19/2026 Consumer Goods: Durable Homer City Generation, L.P.(m)(t) 4/5/2023 Energy: Oil Gas Homer City Generation, L.P. 5/31/2023 Energy: Oil Gas Homer City Generation, L.P.(o) Unfunded 
 1/29/2023 Energy: Oil Gas Hudson Hospital Opco, LLC(m)(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/4/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals HUMC Holdco, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/4/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals HW Acquisition, LLC Prime+ 
 9/28/2026 Capital Equipment HW Acquisition, LLC(m) Prime+ 
 9/28/2026 Capital Equipment HW Acquisition, LLC Unfunded 
 9/28/2026 Capital Equipment ) ICA Foam Holdings, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/5/2025 Containers, Packaging Glass IJKG Opco LLC(m)(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/4/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(t) 11/20/2023 Retail Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(t) Prime+ 
 2/27/2023 Retail Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(t)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/27/2023 Retail Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/27/2023 Retail 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 90 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) InfoGroup Inc.(m)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/3/2023 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Inotiv, Inc.(m)(x) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/5/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Instant Web, LLC(m)(n)(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/25/2027 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Instant Web, LLC(r) Prime+ 
 2/25/2027 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Instant Web, LLC(r)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/25/2027 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Instant Web, LLC(r) Unfunded 
 2/25/2027 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Instant Web, LLC(r) Unfunded 
 2/25/2027 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Invincible Boat Company LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Durable Invincible Boat Company LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Durable Invincible Boat Company LLC Unfunded 
 8/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Durable ) INW Manufacturing, LLC(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/25/2027 Services: Business Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/30/2027 Services: Business Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/30/2027 Services: Business Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC Unfunded 
 9/30/2027 Services: Business ) Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC Unfunded 
 9/30/2024 Services: Business ) ) Isagenix International, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/14/2025 Beverage, Food Tobacco Jenny C Acquisition, Inc.(q)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/1/2024 Services: Consumer JP Intermediate B, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/20/2025 Beverage, Food Tobacco K N Parent, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/20/2023 Consumer Goods: Durable K N Parent, Inc.(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 2/15/2023 Consumer Goods: Durable Klein Hersh, LLC(m)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/27/2027 Services: Business KNB Holdings Corp.(m)(n)(q)(y) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/26/2024 Consumer Goods: Durable LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/12/2027 Services: Consumer LAV Gear Holdings, Inc.(m)(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 10/31/2024 Services: Business LAV Gear Holdings, Inc.(m)(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 10/31/2024 Services: Business LGC US Finco, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/20/2025 Capital Equipment Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r) 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r) (p) 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Longview Power, LLC(r)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2025 Energy: Oil Gas MacNeill Pride Group Corp.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/22/2026 Services: Consumer MacNeill Pride Group Corp.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/22/2026 Services: Consumer MacNeill Pride Group Corp. Unfunded 
 4/30/2024 Services: Consumer ) Manus Bio Inc. 8/20/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Marble Point Credit Management LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/11/2028 Diversified Financials Marble Point Credit Management LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/11/2028 Diversified Financials 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 91 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Mimeo.com, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/21/2024 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Mimeo.com, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/21/2024 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Mimeo.com, Inc. Unfunded 
 12/21/2024 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing ) Moss Holding Company(m)(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business Moss Holding Company Unfunded 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business ) Moss Holding Company Unfunded 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business ) Neptune Flood Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/21/2026 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate NewsCycle Solutions, Inc.(m)(n)(x) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 12/29/2023 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing NWN Parent Holdings LLC(m)(x) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries NWN Parent Holdings LLC(x) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries NWN Parent Holdings LLC Unfunded 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries ) OpCo Borrower, LLC(m)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 8/19/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals OpCo Borrower, LLC(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 8/19/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals OpCo Borrower, LLC Unfunded 
 8/19/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Optio Rx, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/28/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Optio Rx, LLC(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/28/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Pentec Acquisition Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/8/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals PH Beauty Holdings III. Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Playboy Enterprises, Inc.(h)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/25/2027 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Project Castle, Inc.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 6/1/2029 Services: Business RA Outdoors, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/8/2026 Media: Diversified Production RA Outdoors, LLC Unfunded 
 4/8/2026 Media: Diversified Production ) ) Retail Services WIS Corp.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/20/2025 Services: Business Robert C. Hilliard, L.L.P.(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2023 Services: Consumer Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC(m)(t)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/9/2025 Services: Business Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC(t)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 9/9/2025 Services: Business Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC Unfunded 
 4/28/2023 Services: Business ) Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC Unfunded 
 9/9/2025 Services: Business ) RumbleOn, Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/31/2026 Automotive RumbleOn, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/31/2026 Automotive RumbleOn, Inc.(o) Unfunded 
 2/28/2023 Automotive ) Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2024 Telecommunications Sequoia Healthcare Management, LLC(m)(n)(q) 11/4/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Service Compression, LLC(m)(t)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/6/2027 Energy: Oil Gas Service Compression, LLC(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/6/2027 Energy: Oil Gas 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Service Compression, LLC Unfunded 
 5/6/2025 Energy: Oil Gas ) Sleep Opco, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/12/2026 Retail Sleep Opco, LLC Unfunded 
 10/12/2026 Retail ) ) Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ 
 5/29/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ 
 5/29/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ 
 5/29/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ 
 5/29/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(x) L+ 
 5/29/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals STATinMED, LLC(r)(t)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 7/1/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals STATinMED, LLC(r)(t)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 3/31/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals STATinMED, LLC(o)(r) Unfunded 
 3/31/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Thrill Holdings LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/27/2027 Media: Diversified Production Thrill Holdings LLC Unfunded 
 5/27/2024 Media: Diversified Production ) Thrill Holdings LLC(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 5/27/2027 Media: Diversified Production Trademark Global, LLC(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2024 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Trammell, P.C.(t)(z) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 4/28/2026 Services: Consumer USALCO, LLC(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/19/2027 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Vesta Holdings, LLC(m)(t) P+ 
 2/25/2024 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Vesta Holdings, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 3/12/2023 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Vesta Holdings, LLC(t) P+ 
 2/25/2024 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Volta Charging, LLC(m) 6/19/2024 Media: Diversified Production Volta Charging, LLC(m) 6/19/2024 Media: Diversified Production Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc.(n)(t)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/16/2025 Services: Business Wok Holdings Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/1/2026 Beverage, Food Tobacco WorkGenius, Inc.(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 6/7/2027 Services: Business WorkGenius, Inc. Unfunded 
 6/7/2027 Services: Business ) Xenon Arc, Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2027 High Tech Industries Yak Access, LLC(m) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/11/2025 Construction Building Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Senior Secured Second Lien Debt - 
 Global Tel Link Corp.(n)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 11/29/2026 Telecommunications OpCo Borrower, LLC(m) 2/19/2028 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals RA Outdoors, LLC(m)(aa) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 10/8/2026 Media: Diversified Production Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2025 Telecommunications TMK Hawk Parent, Corp.(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/28/2025 Services: Business Total Senior Secured Second Lien Debt 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 93 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity - 
 APIDOS CLO XVI Subordinated Notes(g)(h) Estimated Yield 
 1/19/2025 Diversified Financials Galaxy XV CLO Ltd. Class A Subordinated Notes(g)(h) Estimated Yield 
 4/15/2025 Diversified Financials Total Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Unsecured Debt - 
 Lucky Bucks Holdings LLC(t) 5/29/2028 Hotel, Gaming Leisure WPLM Acquisition Corp.(t) 11/24/2025 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Total Unsecured Debt Equity - 
 ARC Financial Partners, LLC, Membership Interests ownership)(o)(r) 
 Metals Mining NA Ascent Resources - Marcellus, LLC, Membership Units(o) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 Ascent Resources - Marcellus, LLC, Warrants(o) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 Carestream Health Holdings Inc., Common Stock(o)(r) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 CF Arch Holdings LLC, Class A Units(o) Services: Business Units 
 CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC, Participating Preferred Shares(h)(o)(s) Diversified Financials Units 
 CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC, Membership Units ownership)(h)(o)(s) 
 Diversified Financials NA DBI Investors, Inc., Series A1 Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series A2 Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series A Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series B Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Common Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Reallocation Rights(o) Retail Units 
 FWS Parent Holdings, LLC. Class A Membership Interests(o) Services: Business Units 
 GSC Technologies Inc., Common Shares(o)(r) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class A Preferred Units(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class B-2 Preferred Units(m)(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class C Preferred Units(m)(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Warrants(o) Retail Units 
 Instant Web Holdings, LLC, Class A Common Units(o)(r) Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Units 
 Language Education Holdings GP LLC, Common Units(o)(r) Services: Business Units 
 Language Education Holdings LP, Ordinary Common Units(o)(r) Services: Business Units 
 Longview Intermediate Holdings C, LLC, Membership Units(o)(r) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 Mount Logan Capital Inc., Common Stock(f)(h)(r) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Units 
 New Giving Acquisition, Inc., Warrants(o) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 NS NWN Acquisition, LLC, Class A Preferred Units(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 NS NWN Acquisition, LLC, Common Equity(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) NS NWN Holdco LLC, Non-Voting Units(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 NSG Co-Invest (Bermuda) LP, Partnership Interests(h)(o) Consumer Goods: Durable Units 
 Palmetto Clean Technology, Inc., Warrants(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 RumbleOn, Inc., Warrants(o) Automotive Units 
 Service Compression, LLC, Warrants(o) Energy: Oil Gas N/A Snap Fitness Holdings, Inc., Class A Common Stock(o)(r) Services: Consumer Units 
 Snap Fitness Holdings, Inc., Warrants(o)(r) Services: Consumer Units 
 STATinMed Parent, LLC, Class A Preferred Units(o)(r) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 STATinMed Parent, LLC, Class B Preferred Units(o)(r) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 WorkGenius, LLC, Class A Units(o) Services: Business Units 
 Total Equity Short Term Investments - (k) 
 First American Treasury Obligations Fund, Class Z Shares (l) 
 Total Short Term Investments TOTAL INVESTMENTS - 
 LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF OTHER ASSETS - ) 
 ) NET ASSETS - 
 
 a. 
 b. 
 c. Fair value determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors (see Note 9), including via delegation to CIM as the Company s valuation designee (see Note 2), using significant unobservable inputs unless otherwise noted. 
 d. Represents amortized cost for debt securities and cost for equity investments. 
 e. Denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. 
 f. 
 g. 
 h. of the Company s total assets represented qualifying assets. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 i. [Reserved] 
 j. 
 k. 
 l. 
 m. 
 n. 
 o. 
 p. 
 q. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 r. 
 Berlitz Holdings, Inc. First Lien Term Loan ) Carestream Health, Inc. First Lien Term Loan ) Carestream Health Holdings Inc. Common Shares ) Charming Charlie, LLC Vendor Payment Financing Facility ) ) DESG Holdings, Inc. First Lien Term Loan ) ) Second Lien Term Loan ) ) GSC Technologies Inc. Incremental Term Loan ) First Lien Term Loan A First Lien Term Loan B ) Common Shares Instant Web Holdings, LLC Class A Common Units Instant Web, LLC Revolving Loan ) Priming Term Loan First Lien Term Loan ) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan Language Education Holdings GP LLC Common Units Language Education Holdings LP Ordinary Common Units ) Lift Brands, Inc. Term Loan A ) Term Loan B ) Term Loan C ) Longview Intermediate Holdings C, LLC Membership Units Longview Power, LLC First Lien Term Loan ) ) Mount Logan Capital Inc. Common Stock ) SIMR, LLC First Lien Term Loan ) ) SIMR Parent, LLC Class B Membership Units ) ) Class W Membership Units 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 97 

Warrants STATinMED, LLC First Lien Term Loan ) ) Delayed Draw First Lien Term Loan STATinMed Parent, LLC Class A Preferred Units ) Class B Preferred Units ) Totals ) ) 
 (1) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, the amortization of unearned income, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 
 (2) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 
 (3) Includes PIK interest income. 
 s. 
 ) Participating Preferred Shares Common Shares Totals ) 
 (1) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, the amortization of unearned income, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 
 (2) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 
 (3) Includes PIK interest income . 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 98 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 t. 
 American Clinical Solutions LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt American Consolidated Natural Resources, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Ancile Solutions, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Cadence Aerospace, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC Senior Secured Note David's Bridal, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt David's Bridal, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Fusion Connect Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt GSC Technologies Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt GSC Technologies Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Hilliard, Martinez Gonzales, LLP Senior Secured First Lien Debt Homer City Generation, L.P. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Instant Web, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Lucky Bucks Holdings LLC Unsecured Note Robert C. Hilliard, L.L.P. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Service Compression, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt STATinMED, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt STATinMED, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Trademark Global, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Trammell, P.C. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Vesta Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt WPLM Acquisition Corp. Unsecured Note 
 u. and was 1 Month LIBOR and 3 Month LIBOR, respectively. 
 v. [Reserved] 
 w. 
 x. 
 y. 
 z. 
 aa. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Senior Secured First Lien Debt - 
 ABB/CON-CISE Optical Group LLC(i)(n)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/15/2023 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Adapt Laser Acquisition, Inc.(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2023 Capital Equipment Adapt Laser Acquisition, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2023 Capital Equipment Aegis Toxicology Sciences Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/9/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Alchemy US Holdco 1, LLC(m)(v) L+ 
 10/10/2025 Construction Building Allen Media, LLC(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/10/2027 Media: Diversified Production ALM Media, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/25/2024 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing American Clinical Solutions LLC(m) 
 12/31/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals American Consolidated Natural Resources, Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/16/2025 Metals Mining American Health Staffing Group, Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/19/2026 Services: Business American Health Staffing Group, Inc. Prime+ 
 11/19/2026 Services: Business American Health Staffing Group, Inc. Unfunded 
 11/19/2026 Services: Business ) ) American Media, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/31/2023 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing American Media, LLC(m) Unfunded 
 12/31/2023 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing ) American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd.(m)(q) Prime+ 
 6/8/2023 Telecommunications American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd.(m) Prime+ 
 3/31/2022 Telecommunications American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd.(m)(o) Unfunded 
 3/31/2022 Telecommunications Analogic Corp.(m)(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/21/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Ancile Solutions, Inc.(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/22/2026 High Tech Industries Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. Unfunded 
 11/15/2026 Media: Diversified Production ) Appalachian Resource Company, LLC(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/10/2023 Metals Mining Appalachian Resource Company, LLC(o) Unfunded 
 9/10/2023 Metals Mining Associated Asphalt Partners, LLC(m)(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/5/2024 Construction Building Avison Young (USA) Inc.(h)(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/31/2026 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Bradshaw International Parent Corp.(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/21/2027 Consumer Goods: Durable Bradshaw International Parent Corp.(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/21/2026 Consumer Goods: Durable Bradshaw International Parent Corp. Unfunded 
 10/21/2026 Consumer Goods: Durable ) ) Cadence Aerospace, LLC(m)(n)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/14/2023 Aerospace Defense Cardenas Markets LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/3/2027 Retail CB URS Holdings Corp.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/1/2024 Transportation: Cargo Celerity Acquisition Holdings, LLC(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/28/2026 Services: Business Charming Charlie LLC(q)(r) 
 4/24/2023 Retail CHC Solutions Inc.(n)(t) 
 7/20/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC(h)(s)(t) 
 12/21/2026 Diversified Financials CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(n)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/16/2024 Hotel, Gaming Leisure CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 1/16/2024 Hotel, Gaming Leisure CircusTrix Holdings, LLC(m)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/16/2023 Hotel, Gaming Leisure Country Fresh Holdings, LLC(q)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/29/2023 Beverage, Food Tobacco Country Fresh Holdings, LLC(m)(q)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/29/2023 Beverage, Food Tobacco Coyote Buyer, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/6/2026 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Coyote Buyer, LLC(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/6/2026 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Coyote Buyer , LLC Unfunded 
 2/6/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber ) Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals David's Bridal, LLC(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/23/2023 Retail David's Bridal, LLC(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/23/2024 Retail David's Bridal, LLC(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/30/2023 Retail Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc.(m)(q)(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/25/2024 Media: Diversified Production DMT Solutions Global Corp.(m)(u) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2024 Services: Business Entertainment Studios P A LLC(j)(m) 
 5/18/2037 Media: Diversified Production Entertainment Studios P A LLC(j) 
 5/18/2037 Media: Diversified Production EnTrans International, LLC(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2024 Capital Equipment Extreme Reach, Inc.(m)(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/29/2024 Media: Diversified Production Extreme Reach, Inc.(m)(n) Unfunded 
 3/29/2024 Media: Diversified Production Foundation Consumer Healthcare, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/12/2027 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Foundation Consumer Healthcare, LLC Unfunded 
 11/2/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals FuseFX, LLC(m)(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/1/2024 Media: Diversified Production Future Pak, LLC(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Genesis Healthcare, Inc.(h) Unfunded 
 3/6/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber GSC Technologies Inc.(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/30/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber H.W. Lochner, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building H.W. Lochner, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building H.W. Lochner, Inc. Unfunded 
 7/2/2027 Construction Building ) Harland Clarke Holdings Corp.(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/16/2026 Services: Business 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Heritage Power, LLC(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2026 Energy: Oil Gas Hilliard, Martinez Gonzales, LLP(m)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2022 Services: Consumer Homer City Generation, L.P.(m)(t) 
 4/5/2023 Energy: Oil Gas Hoover Group, Inc.(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/1/2024 Services: Business HUMC Holdco, LLC(m) 
 1/14/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals HW Acquisition, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/28/2026 Capital Equipment HW Acquisition, LLC Unfunded 
 9/28/2026 Capital Equipment ) ) Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(m)(t) 
 11/20/2023 Retail Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(m) Prime+ 
 12/22/2022 Retail Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/22/2022 Retail InfoGroup Inc.(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/3/2023 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Inotiv, Inc.(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/5/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Inotiv, Inc. Unfunded 
 5/5/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals ) ) Instant Web, LLC(m)(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/15/2022 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Instant Web, LLC Unfunded 
 12/15/2022 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Invincible Boat Company LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Durable Invincible Boat Company LLC Unfunded 
 8/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Durable ) INW Manufacturing, LLC(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/7/2027 Services: Business Isagenix International, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/14/2025 Beverage, Food Tobacco Island Medical Management Holdings, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/1/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Jenny C Acquisition, Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/1/2024 Services: Consumer JP Intermediate B, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/20/2025 Beverage, Food Tobacco K N Parent, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/20/2023 Consumer Goods: Durable KNB Holdings Corp.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/26/2024 Consumer Goods: Durable LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/12/2027 Services: Consumer LAV Gear Holdings, Inc.(m)(n)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/31/2024 Services: Business LAV Gear Holdings, Inc.(m)(n)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/31/2024 Services: Business LGC US Finco, LLC(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/20/2025 Capital Equipment LH Intermediate Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/2/2026 Consumer Goods: Durable Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r) (v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r)(t) 
 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Lift Brands, Inc.(m)(n)(r) (p) 6/29/2025 Services: Consumer Longview Power, LLC(r)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2025 Energy: Oil Gas MacNeill Pride Group Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/20/2026 Services: Consumer MacNeill Pride Group Corp.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/20/2026 Services: Consumer Manus Bio Inc. 
 8/20/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 102 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) Marble Point Credit Management LLC(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/11/2028 Diversified Financials Marble Point Credit Management LLC(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/11/2028 Diversified Financials Marble Point Credit Management LLC Unfunded 
 8/11/2028 Diversified Financials ) Mimeo.com, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/21/2023 Services: Business Mimeo.com, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/21/2023 Services: Business Mimeo.com, Inc. Unfunded 
 12/21/2023 Services: Business Molded Devices, Inc.(m) Prime + 
 11/1/2026 Services: Business Molded Devices, Inc. Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Services: Business ) ) Molded Devices, Inc. Unfunded 
 11/1/2026 Services: Business ) Moss Holding Company(m)(n)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business Moss Holding Company Unfunded 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business Moss Holding Company Unfunded 
 4/17/2024 Services: Business Napa Management Services Corp.(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/19/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals NASCO Healthcare Inc.(m)(x) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/30/2023 Services: Business Neptune Flood Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/21/2026 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate NewsCycle Solutions, Inc.(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/29/2022 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing NWN Parent Holdings LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries NWN Parent Holdings LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries NWN Parent Holdings LLC Unfunded 
 5/7/2026 High Tech Industries ) Optio Rx, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/28/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Optio Rx, LLC(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/28/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Pentec Acquisition Corp.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/8/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals PetroChoice Holdings, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/20/2022 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber PH Beauty Holdings III. Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/28/2025 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Playboy Enterprises, Inc.(h)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/25/2027 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Polymer Additives, Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/31/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber RA Outdoors, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 4/8/2026 Media: Diversified Production RA Outdoors, LLC Unfunded 
 4/8/2026 Media: Diversified Production ) ) Retail Services WIS Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 5/20/2025 Services: Business Robert C. Hilliard, L.L.P.(m)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2022 Services: Consumer Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/9/2025 Services: Business Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC Unfunded 
 9/9/2025 Services: Business Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC Unfunded 
 9/9/2022 Services: Business RumbleOn, Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/31/2026 Automotive RumbleOn, Inc.(o) Unfunded 
 2/28/2023 Automotive ) Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2024 Telecommunications Sequoia Healthcare Management, LLC(m)(n)(q) 
 8/21/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) SIMR, LLC(r)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/7/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Sleep Opco, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/12/2026 Retail Sleep Opco, LLC(m) Unfunded 
 10/12/2026 Retail ) ) Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(w) L+ 
 10/1/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ 
 10/1/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ 
 10/1/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ 
 10/1/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc.(m)(t)(w) L+ 
 10/1/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Tenere Inc.(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/1/2025 Capital Equipment Tensar Corp.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/20/2025 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Trademark Global, LLC(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/30/2024 Services: Business Trademark Global, LLC Unfunded 
 7/30/2023 Services: Business ) ) Trammell, P.C.(i)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/25/2022 Services: Consumer USALCO, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 10/19/2027 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Vesta Holdings, LLC(m)(t)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/25/2024 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Volta Charging, LLC(m) 
 6/19/2024 Media: Diversified Production Volta Charging, LLC(m) 
 6/19/2024 Media: Diversified Production West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(m)(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/11/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/11/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/11/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/11/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(m) Unfunded 
 2/11/2025 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals ) West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC(m) Unfunded 
 2/11/2022 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals ) ) Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/16/2025 Services: Business Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc Unfunded 
 12/16/2025 Services: Business Wind River Systems, Inc.(n)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/24/2024 High Tech Industries Wok Holdings Inc.(m)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/1/2026 Beverage, Food Tobacco Xenon Arc, Inc.(m)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/17/2027 High Tech Industries Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Senior Secured Second Lien Debt - 
 Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc.(m)(q)(r)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 9/25/2024 Media: Diversified Production Global Tel Link Corp.(n)(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/29/2026 Telecommunications PetroChoice Holdings, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/21/2023 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Premiere Global Services, Inc.(q)(t)(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/6/2024 Telecommunications Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.(w) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 11/1/2025 Telecommunications 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 104 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Maturity Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) TMK Hawk Parent, Corp.(v) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/28/2025 Services: Business Total Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity - 
 APIDOS CLO XVI Subordinated Notes(g)(h) Estimated Yield 
 1/19/2025 Diversified Financials Galaxy XV CLO Ltd. Class A Subordinated Notes(g)(h) Estimated Yield 
 4/15/2025 Diversified Financials Total Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Unsecured Debt - 
 Lucky Bucks Holdings LLC(t) 
 5/29/2028 Hotel, Gaming Leisure WPLM Acquisition Corp.(t) 
 11/24/2025 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Total Unsecured Debt Equity - 
 ARC Financial Partners, LLC, Membership Interests ownership)(o)(r) 
 Metals Mining NA Ascent Resources - Marcellus, LLC, Membership Units(o) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 Ascent Resources - Marcellus, LLC, Warrants(o) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC, Participating Preferred Shares(h)(o)(s) Diversified Financials Units 
 CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC, Membership Units ownership)(h)(o)(s) 
 Diversified Financials NA DBI Investors, Inc., Series A1 Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series A2 Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series A Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Series B Preferred Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Common Stock(o) Retail Units 
 DBI Investors, Inc., Reallocation Rights(o) Retail Units 
 GSC Technologies Inc., Common Shares(o)(r) Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class A Preferred Units(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class B-2 Preferred Units(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Class C Preferred Units(o) Retail Units 
 Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Warrants(o) Retail Units 
 Longview Intermediate Holdings C, LLC, Membership Units(o)(r) Energy: Oil Gas Units 
 Mooregate ITC Acquisition, LLC, Class A Units(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 Mount Logan Capital Inc., Common Stock(f)(h)(r) Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Units 
 NS NWN Acquisition, LLC, Class A Preferred Units(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 NS NWN Acquisition, LLC, Non-voting Units(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 NS NWN Holdco LLC, Voting Units (o) High Tech Industries Units 
 NSG Co-Invest (Bermuda) LP, Partnership Interests(h)(o) Consumer Goods: Durable Units 
 Palmetto Clean Technology, Inc., Warrants(o) High Tech Industries Units 
 RumbleOn, Inc., Warrants(o) Automotive Units 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 105 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company(a) Interest(b) Industry Principal/ Par Amount/ Units(e) Cost(d) Fair Value(c) SIMR Parent, LLC, Class B Common Units(o)(r) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 SIMR Parent, LLC, Class W Units(o)(r) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Snap Fitness Holdings, Inc., Class A Common Stock(o)(r) Services: Consumer Units 
 Snap Fitness Holdings, Inc., Warrants(o)(r) Services: Consumer Units 
 Total Equity Short Term Investments - (k) 
 First American Treasury Obligations Fund, Class Z Shares (l) 
 Total Short Term Investments TOTAL INVESTMENTS - 
 LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF OTHER ASSETS - ) 
 ) NET ASSETS - 
 
 a. 
 b. 
 c. 
 d. 
 e. Denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. 
 f. 
 g. 
 h. of the Company s total assets represented qualifying assets. 
 i. 
 j. 
 k. 
 l. 
 m. 
 n. 
 o. 
 p. 
 q. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 106 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 r. 
 ) Common Stock ) ) American Clinical Solutions LLC Tranche I Term Loan ) First Amendment Tranche I Term Loan ) Class A Membership Interests ) ARC Financial, LLC Membership Interests BCP Great Lakes Fund LP Membership Interests ) Charming Charlie, LLC Vendor Payment Financing Facility Conisus Holdings, Inc. Series B Preferred Stock ) ) Common Stock ) ) DESG Holdings, Inc. First Lien Term Loan ) ) ) Second Lien Term Loan Common Stock ) ) F+W Media, Inc. First Lien Term Loan B-1 ) ) GSC Technologies Inc. Incremental Term Loan ) First Lien Term Loan A ) ) First Lien Term Loan B ) Common Shares Lift Brands, Inc. Term Loan A ) ) Term Loan B ) Term Loan C ) Longview Power, LLC First Lien Term Loan ) Longview Intermediate Holdings C, LLC Membership Units Mount Logan Capital Inc. Common Stock SIMR, LLC First Lien Term Loan ) SIMR Parent, LLC Class B Membership Units Class W Membership Units Snap Fitness Holdings, Inc. Class A Stock ) Warrants ) Totals ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 107 

s. 
 ) ) CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC Senior Secured Note Participating Preferred Shares Common Shares Totals ) ) 
 (1) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, the amortization of unearned income, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 
 (2) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 
 (3) Includes PIK interest income. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 108 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 t. 
 American Consolidated Natural Resources, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Ancile Solutions, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Cadence Aerospace, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt CHC Solutions Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt CION/EagleTree Partners, LLC Senior Secured Note CircusTrix Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt David's Bridal, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt David's Bridal, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Deluxe Entertainment Services, Inc. Senior Secured Second Lien Debt GSC Technologies Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt GSC Technologies Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Hilliard, Martinez Gonzales, LLP Senior Secured First Lien Debt Homer City Generation, L.P. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Independent Pet Partners Intermediate Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Lift Brands, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Lucky Bucks Holdings LLC Unsecured Note Moss Holding Company Senior Secured First Lien Debt Premiere Global Services, Inc. Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Robert C. Hilliard, L.L.P. Senior Secured First Lien Debt RumbleOn, Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt SIMR, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Trammell, P.C. Senior Secured First Lien Debt Vesta Holdings, LLC Senior Secured First Lien Debt WPLM Acquisition Corp. Unsecured Note 
 u. and was 1 Month LIBOR and 3 Month LIBOR, respectively. 
 v. 
 w. 
 x. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 109 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note 1. 
 , or the minimum offering requirement, and commenced operations. The Company is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the 1940 Act. The Company elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company, or RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation for investors. The Company s portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in senior secured debt, including first lien loans, second lien loans and unitranche loans, and, to a lesser extent, collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities, unsecured debt, and equity, of private and thinly-traded U.S. middle-market companies. 
 The Company is managed by CION Investment Management, LLC, or CIM, a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of the Company. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement with the Company, CIM oversees the management of the Company s activities and is responsible for making investment decisions for the Company s investment portfolio. On April 5, 2021, the board of directors of the Company, including a majority of the board of directors who are not interested persons, approved the amended and restated investment advisory agreement with CIM for a period of twenty four months, which was subsequently approved by shareholders on August 9, 2021 (as described in further detail below). The Company and CIM previously engaged Apollo Investment Management, L.P., or AIM, a subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, Inc., or, together with its subsidiaries, Apollo, a leading global alternative investment manager, to act as the Company s investment sub-adviser. 
 On July 11, 2017, the members of CIM entered into a third amended and restated limited liability company agreement of CIM, or the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, for the purpose of creating a joint venture between AIM and CION Investment Group, LLC, or CIG, an affiliate of the Company. Under the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, AIM became a member of CIM and was issued a newly-created class of membership interests in CIM pursuant to which AIM, among other things, shares in the profits, losses, distributions and expenses of CIM with the other members in accordance with the terms of the Third Amended CIM LLC Agreement, which results in CIG and AIM each owning a economic interest in CIM. 
 On July 10, 2017, the Company s independent directors unanimously approved the termination of the investment sub-advisory agreement with AIM, effective as of July 11, 2017. Although the investment sub-advisory agreement and AIM's engagement as the Company s investment sub-adviser were terminated, AIM continues to perform certain services for CIM and the Company. AIM is not paid a separate fee in exchange for such services, but is entitled to receive distributions as a member of CIM as described above. 
 On December 4, 2017, the members of CIM entered into a fourth amended and restated limited liability company agreement of CIM, or the Fourth Amended CIM LLC Agreement, under which AIM performs certain services for CIM, which include, among other services, providing (a) trade and settlement support; (b) portfolio and cash reconciliation; (c) market pipeline information regarding syndicated deals, in each case, as reasonably requested by CIM; and (d) monthly valuation reports and support for all broker-quoted investments. AIM may also, from time to time, provide the Company with access to potential investment opportunities made available on Apollo's credit platform on a similar basis as other third-party market participants. All of the Company's investment decisions are the sole responsibility of, and are made at the sole discretion of, CIM's investment committee, which consists entirely of CIG senior personnel. 
 The amended and restated investment advisory agreement was approved by shareholders on August 9, 2021 at the Company s reconvened 2021 annual meeting of shareholders. As a result, on August 10, 2021, the Company and CIM entered into the amended and restated investment advisory agreement in order to implement the change to the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee payable from the Company to CIM that expresses the hurdle rate required for CIM to earn, and be paid, the incentive fee as a percentage of the Company s net assets rather than adjusted capital. 
 
 110 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 2. 
 
 The Company evaluates subsequent events through the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 Recently Announced Accounting Pronouncements 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 111 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Short Term Investments 
 Short term investments include an investment in a U.S. Treasury obligations fund, which seeks to provide current income and daily liquidity by purchasing U.S. Treasury securities and repurchase agreements that are collateralized by such securities. The Company had and of such investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in investments, at fair value on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and on the consolidated schedules of investments. 
 Offering Costs 
 
 Income Taxes 
 112 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 113 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 114 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Revenue Recognition 
 115 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 Pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory agreement the Company entered into with CIM, the incentive fee on capital gains earned on liquidated investments of the Company s investment portfolio during operations is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year. Prior to October 5, 2021 and under the investment advisory agreement, such fee equaled of the Company s incentive fee capital gains (i.e., the Company s realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. Pursuant to the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains was reduced to , which became effective on October 5, 2021. 
 On a cumulative basis and to the extent that all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation exceed realized capital gains as well as the aggregate realized net capital gains for which a fee has previously been paid, the Company would not be required to pay CIM a capital gains incentive fee. On a quarterly basis, the Company accrues for the capital gains incentive fee by calculating such fee as if it were due and payable as of the end of such period. 
 While the investment advisory agreement with CIM neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an interpretation of the American Institute for Certified Public Accountants, or AICPA, Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the Company accrues capital gains incentive fees on unrealized gains. This accrual reflects the incentive fees that would be payable to CIM if the Company s entire investment portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though CIM is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets per Share 
 
 Distributions 

Note 3. 
 Reinvestment of distributions Total shares/proceeds Share repurchase program ) ) ) ) ) ) Net shares/proceeds (for) from share transactions ) ) ) ) 
 116 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

shares of common stock for net proceeds of at an average price per share of . The net proceeds include gross proceeds received from reinvested shareholder distributions of , for which the Company issued shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid for shares of common stock repurchased of , for which the Company repurchased shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock repurchased had been retired. 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved a proposal that authorizes the Company to issue shares of its common stock at prices below the then current NAV per share of the Company s common stock in one or more offerings for a -month period following such shareholder approval. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not issued any such shares. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 In connection with the Listing of its shares of common stock on the NYSE, on September 15, 2021, the Company terminated its previous fifth amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan, or the Old DRP. The final distribution reinvestment under the Old DRP was made as part of the regular monthly distribution paid on September 14, 2021 to shareholders of record as of September 13, 2021. On September 15, 2021, the Company adopted a new distribution reinvestment plan, or the New DRP, which became effective as of the Listing, and first applied to the reinvestment of distributions paid after October 5, 2021. For additional information regarding the terms of the New DRP, see Note 5. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 Effective on September 21, 2021, every two shares of the Company's common stock then issued and outstanding were automatically combined into one share of the Company's common stock, with the number of then issued and outstanding shares reduced from to . The reverse stock split amendment also provided that there was no change in the par value of per share as a result of the reverse stock split. In addition, the reverse stock split did not modify the rights or preferences of the Company s common stock. 
 Listing and Fractional Shares 
 On October 5, 2021, the Company's shares of common stock commenced trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CION . As approved by shareholders on September 7, 2021 at the Company s final, reconvened 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, the Listing was staggered such that (i) up to 1/3rd of shares held by all shareholders were available for trading upon Listing, (ii) up to 2/3rd of shares held by all shareholders were available for trading starting days after Listing, or April 4, 2022, and (iii) all shares were available for trading starting days after Listing, or July 5, 2022. The Company eliminated all then outstanding fractional shares of its common stock in connection with the Listing, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, on July 14, 2022. On February 26, 2023, the Company s shares of common stock also listed and commenced trading on the TASE under the ticker symbol CION . 
 Pre-Listing Share Repurchase Program 
 Historically, the Company offered to repurchase shares on a quarterly basis on such terms as determined by the Company s board of directors in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent directors of the Company s board of directors, such repurchases would not have been in the best interests of the Company s shareholders or would have violated applicable law. 
 On July 30, 2021, the Company's board of directors, including the independent directors, determined to suspend the Company's share repurchase program commencing with the third quarter of 2021 in anticipation of the Listing and the concurrent enhanced liquidity the Listing was expected to provide. The share repurchase program ultimately terminated upon the Listing and the Company does not expect to implement a new quarterly share repurchase program in the future. 
 Historically, the Company generally limited the number of shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares it could have repurchased with the proceeds it received from the issuance of shares pursuant to the Old DRP. At the discretion of the Company s board of directors, it could have also used cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares. The Company offered to repurchase such shares at a price equal to the estimated net asset value per share on each date of repurchase. 
 Any periodic repurchase offers were subject in part to the Company s available cash and compliance with the BDC and RIC qualification and diversification rules promulgated under the 1940 Act and the Code, respectively. 
 117 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 million of its outstanding common stock after the Listing. On June 24, 2022, the Company s board of directors, including the independent directors, increased the amount of shares of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the share repurchase policy by million to up to an aggregate of million. Under the share repurchase policy, the Company may purchase shares of its common stock through various means such as open market transactions, including block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased and the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at the Company's discretion. Factors include, but are not limited to, share price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with the Company s general business conditions. The policy may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares of its common stock. 
 On August 16, 2022, as part of the share repurchase policy, the Company entered into a trading plan with an independent broker, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or Wells Fargo, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based in part on historical trading data with respect to the Company s shares. The 10b5-1 trading plan permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. The 10b5-1 trading plan is subject to price, market volume and timing restrictions. 
 
 June 30, 2021 June 23, 2021 September 30, 2021(2) N/A N/A December 31, 2021 N/A N/A N/A Total for the year ended December 31, 2021 2022 March 31, 2022 N/A N/A N/A June 30, 2022 N/A N/A N/A September 30, 2022 N/A N/A December 31, 2022 N/A N/A Total for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 (1) Shares repurchased and repurchase price per share have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the two to one reverse stock split as discussed in this Note 3. 
 (2) Represents an adjustment made during the three months ended September 30, 2021 to shares repurchased during the three months ended June 30, 2021. The Company suspended its share repurchase program on July 30, 2021 as discussed in this Note 3. 
 From January 1, 2023 to March 8, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common stock under the 10b5-1 trading plan for an aggregate purchase price of , or an average purchase price of per share. As of March 8, 2023, shares of common stock repurchased by the Company had been retired. 
 118 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 4. 
 CIM Investment adviser Incentive fees(1) CIM Administrative services provider Administrative services expense(1) Apollo Investment Administration, L.P. Administrative services provider Transaction costs(1) 
 (1) Amounts charged directly to operations. 
 The Company has entered into an investment advisory agreement with CIM. On April 5, 2021, the board of directors of the Company, including a majority of the board of directors who are not interested persons, approved the amended and restated investment advisory agreement with CIM for a period of , which was subsequently approved by shareholders on August 9, 2021. Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement, CIM was paid an annual base management fee equal to of the average value of the Company s gross assets, less cash and cash equivalents, and an incentive fee based on the Company s performance, as described below. Pursuant to the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement, which was effective upon the Listing on October 5, 2021, the annual base management fee was reduced to of the average value of the Company s gross assets (including cash pledged as collateral for the Company s secured financing arrangements, but excluding other cash and cash equivalents so that investors do not pay the base management fee on such assets), to the extent that the Company s asset coverage ratio is greater than or equal to (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity); provided that, the annual base management fee will be reduced further to for any such gross assets purchased with leverage resulting in the Company s asset coverage ratio dropping below . At the Special Meeting of Shareholders on December 30, 2021, shareholders approved a proposal to reduce the Company s asset coverage ratio to . As a result, commencing on December 31, 2021, the Company is required to maintain asset coverage for its senior securities of (i.e., 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity) rather than . The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears and is calculated based on the two most recently completed calendar quarters. 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter and was subject to a hurdle rate, measured quarterly and expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital, as defined in the investment advisory agreement, equal to per quarter, or an annualized rate of . Under the investment advisory agreement, the Company paid to CIM of pre-incentive fee net investment income once the hurdle rate was exceeded until the annualized rate of was exceeded, at which point the Company paid to CIM of all pre-incentive fee net investment income that exceeded the annualized rate of . Under the amended and restated investment advisory agreement, the change to the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee payable to CIM that expresses the hurdle rate required for CIM to earn, and be paid, the incentive fee as a percentage of the Company's net assets rather than adjusted capital was implemented. Under the second amended and restated investment advisory agreement, the hurdle rate was reduced to per quarter, or an annualized rate of , and the Company pays to CIM of pre-incentive fee net investment income once the hurdle rate is exceeded until the annualized rate of is exceeded, at which point the Company pays to CIM of all pre-incentive fee net investment income. These changes to the subordinated incentive fee on income were effective upon the Listing, except for the change to the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee payable to CIM that replaced adjusted capital with the Company's net assets, which was effective on August 10, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded subordinated incentive fees on income of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the liabilities recorded for subordinated incentive fees were and , respectively. The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the capital gains incentive fee, is described in Note 2. 
 The Company accrues the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized gains and net unrealized appreciation; however, under the terms of the investment advisory agreement, the fee payable to CIM is based on net realized gains and unrealized depreciation and no such fee is payable with respect to unrealized appreciation unless and until such appreciation is actually realized. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no liability for and did not record any capital gains incentive fees. 
 119 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 days' written notice to the other party. 
 On January 30, 2013, the Company entered into the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement with CIG, whereby CIG agreed to provide expense support to the Company in an amount that was sufficient to: (1) ensure that no portion of the Company s distributions to shareholders was paid from its offering proceeds or borrowings, and/or (2) reduce the Company s operating expenses until it achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that the Company bore a reasonable level of expense in relation to its investment income. On December 16, 2015, the Company further amended and restated the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement for purposes of including AIM as a party to the agreement. On January 2, 2018, the Company entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement with CIM for purposes of, among other things, replacing CIG and AIM with CIM as the expense support provider pursuant to the terms of the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement. 
 Pursuant to the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement, the Company had a conditional obligation to reimburse CIM for any amounts funded by CIM under such agreement (i) if expense support amounts funded by CIM exceeded operating expenses incurred during any fiscal quarter, (ii) if the sum of the Company s net investment income for tax purposes, net capital gains and the amount of any dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent not included in net investment income or net capital gains for tax purposes) exceeded the distributions paid by the Company to shareholders, and (iii) during any fiscal quarter that occurred within of the date on which CIM funded such amount. The obligation to reimburse CIM for any expense support provided by CIM under such agreement was further conditioned by the following: (i) in the period in which reimbursement was sought, the ratio of operating expenses to average net assets, when considering the reimbursement, could not have exceeded the ratio of operating expenses to average net assets, as defined, for the period when the expense support was provided; (ii) in the period when reimbursement was sought, the annualized distribution rate could not have fallen below the annualized distribution rate for the period when the expense support was provided; and (iii) the expense support could have only been reimbursed within from the date the expense support was provided. 
 Expense support, if any, was determined as appropriate to meet the objectives of the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement. On December 31, 2021, the Company and CIM allowed the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement to expire in accordance with its terms. There was no unreimbursed expense support funded by CIM upon such expiration. The specific amount of expense support provided by CIM, if any, was determined at the end of each quarter. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not receive any expense support from CIM. See Note 5 for additional information on the sources of the Company s distributions. The Company did not record any obligation to repay expense support from CIM and the Company did not repay any expense support to CIM during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total liability payable to CIM and its affiliates was and , respectively, which primarily related to fees earned by CIM during the three months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In the event that CIM undertakes to provide investment advisory services to other clients in the future, it will strive to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner consistent with the Company s investment objective and strategies so that the Company will not be disadvantaged in relation to any other client of the investment adviser or its senior management team. However, it is currently possible that some investment opportunities will be provided to other clients of CIM rather than to the Company. 
 Indemnifications 
 The investment advisory agreement, the administration agreement and the dealer manager agreement each provide certain indemnifications from the Company to the other relevant parties to such agreements. The Company s maximum exposure under these agreements is unknown. However, the Company has not experienced claims or losses pursuant to these agreements and believes the risk of loss related to such indemnifications to be remote. 
 120 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 5. 
 June 30, 2020 (no record dates) September 30, 2020 (two record dates) December 31, 2020 (four record dates) Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020 2021 March 31, 2021 (three record dates) June 30, 2021 (three record dates) September 30, 2021 (three record dates) December 31, 2021 (two record dates) Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2021 2022 March 31, 2022 (one record date) June 30, 2022 (one record date) September 30, 2022 (one record date) December 31, 2022 (two record dates) Total distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 (1) The per share distribution amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split as discussed in Note 3. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Company s co-chief executive officers declared a regular quarterly distribution of per share for the first quarter of 2023 payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 24, 2023. 
 In connection with the Listing of its shares of common stock on the NYSE, on September 15, 2021, the Company terminated the Old DRP. The final distribution reinvestment under the Old DRP was made as part of the regular monthly distribution paid on September 14, 2021 to shareholders of record as of September 13, 2021. On September 15, 2021, the Company adopted the New DRP, which became effective as of the Listing and first applied to the reinvestment of distributions paid on December 8, 2021. 
 Under the Old DRP and prior to the Listing, distributions to participating shareholders who opted in to the Old DRP were reinvested in additional shares of the Company's common stock at a purchase price equal to the estimated net asset value per share of common stock as of the date of issuance. 
 121 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 of the market price, or (B) if the market price is less than the estimated net asset value, then, in the Company s sole discretion, (i) shares will be purchased in open market transactions for the accounts of participating shareholders to the extent practicable, or (ii) the Company will issue shares at the estimated net asset value. Pursuant to the terms of the New DRP, the number of shares to be issued to a participating shareholder will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participating shareholder by the price per share at which the Company issues such shares; provided, however, that shares purchased in open market transactions by the plan administrator will be allocated to a participating shareholder based on the weighted average purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares purchased in the open market with respect to such distribution. 
 If a shareholder receives distributions in the form of common stock pursuant to the New DRP, such shareholder generally will be subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as if they elected to receive distributions in cash. If the Company s common stock is trading at or below net asset value, a shareholder receiving distributions in the form of additional common stock will be treated as receiving a distribution in the amount of cash that such shareholder would have received if they had elected to receive the distribution in cash. If the Company s common stock is trading above net asset value, a shareholder receiving distributions in the form of additional common stock will be treated as receiving a distribution in the amount of the fair market value of the Company s common stock. The shareholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of common stock received in a distribution will be equal to the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to the shareholder. Any stock received in a distribution will have a holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares of common stock are credited to the shareholder s account. 
 The Company may fund its distributions to shareholders from any sources of funds available to the Company, including borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, and dividends or other distributions paid to it on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies. Any such distributions can only be sustained if the Company maintains positive investment performance in future periods. There can be no assurances that the Company will maintain such performance in order to sustain these distributions or be able to pay distributions at all. On December 31, 2021, the Company and CIM allowed the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement to expire in accordance with its terms. As a result, CIM has no obligation to provide expense support to the Company in future periods. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, none of the Company's distributions resulted from expense support from CIM. The Company has not established limits on the amount of funds it may use from available sources to make distributions. 
 Total distributions 
 (1) The per share amount has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split as discussed in Note 3. 
 
 122 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 6. 
 Senior secured second lien debt Collateralized securities and structured products - equity Unsecured debt Equity Subtotal/total percentage Short term investments(2) Total investments 
 (1) Cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, for debt investments and cost for equity investments. 
 (2) Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of three months or less. 
 123 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Media: Diversified Production Services: Consumer Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Diversified Financials Retail Energy: Oil Gas Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Consumer Goods: Durable High Tech Industries Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Hotel, Gaming Leisure Construction Building Beverage, Food Tobacco Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Capital Equipment Aerospace Defense Containers, Packaging Glass Telecommunications Automotive Metals Mining Transportation: Cargo Subtotal/total percentage Short term investments Total investments 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Geographic Dispersion(1) Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Investment Portfolio United States Canada Cayman Islands Bermuda Subtotal/total percentage Short term investments Total investments 
 (1) The geographic dispersion is determined by the portfolio company's country of domicile. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments on non-accrual status represented and , respectively, of the Company's investment portfolio on a fair value basis. 
 The Company s investment portfolio may contain senior secured investments that are in the form of lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, revolving credit facilities, or unfunded commitments, which may require the Company to provide funding when requested in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s unfunded commitments amounted to and , respectively. As of March 8, 2023, the Company s unfunded commitments amounted to . Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the Company. Refer to Note 11 for further details on the Company s unfunded commitments. 
 124 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 7. 
 and , respectively, of the senior secured notes, participating preferred equity, and common share interests of CION/EagleTree. The Company and ET-BC are not required to make any additional capital contributions to CION/EagleTree. The Company s equity investment in CION/EagleTree is not redeemable. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding CION/EagleTree must be submitted to its board of managers, which is comprised of members, of whom were selected by the Company and the other were selected by ET-BC. Further, all portfolio and other material decisions require the affirmative vote of at least board member from the Company and board member from ET-BC. 
 The Company also serves as administrative agent to CION/EagleTree to provide servicing functions and other administrative services. In certain cases, these servicing functions and other administrative services may be performed by CIM. 
 On December 21, 2021, CION/EagleTree issued senior secured notes of to the Company and to ET-BC, or the CION/EagleTree Notes. The CION/EagleTree Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year and are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of CION/EagleTree. The obligations of CION/EagleTree under the CION/EagleTree Notes are non-recourse to the Company. 
 In accordance with ASU 2015-02, Consolidation , the Company determined that CION/EagleTree is not a variable interest entity, or VIE, as the Company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate CION/EagleTree. The Company's maximum exposure to losses from CION/EagleTree is limited to its investment in CION/EagleTree. 
 125 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 , SOFR Floor 
 2/14/2025 Services: Business Community Tree Service, LLC(h) S+ , SOFR Floor 
 6/17/2027 Construction Building Future Pak, LLC(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2024 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Access CIG, LLC(f) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 2/27/2026 Services: Business Dayton Superior Corp.(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/4/2024 Construction Building MedPlast Holdings, Inc.(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Zest Acquisition Corp.(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/14/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Total Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Ivy Hill Middle Market Credit Fund VIII, Ltd. Subordinated Loan(c) Estimated Yield 
 2/2/2026 Diversified Financials Total Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Equity American Clinical Solutions LLC, Class A Membership Interests(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Class A Preferred Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Class B Preferred Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Common Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 BCP Great Lakes Fund LP, Partnership Interests (5.6 ownership) Diversified Financials N/A Carestream Health Holdings, Inc., Common Stock(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 CHC Medical Partners, Inc., Series C Preferred Stock, 12 Dividend Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 CTS Ultimate Holdings LLC, Class A Preferred Units(d) Construction Building Units 
 Dayton HoldCo, LLC, Membership Units(d) Construction Building Units 
 HDNet Holdco LLC, Preferred Unit Call Option(d) Media: Diversified Production Unit 
 HW Ultimate Holdings, LP, Class A Membership Units, 4 Dividend Capital Equipment Units 
 Language Education Holdings GP LLC, Common Units(d) Services: Business Units 
 Language Education Holdings LP, Ordinary Common Units(d) Services: Business Units 
 Skillsoft Corp., Class A Common Stock(d) High Tech Industries Units 
 Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc., Warrants(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Total Equity TOTAL INVESTMENTS 
 a. The actual LIBOR rate for each loan listed may not be the applicable LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2022, as the loan may have been priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate prior to or subsequent to December 31, 2022. The actual SOFR rate for each loan listed may not be the applicable SOFR rate as of December 31, 2022, as the loan may have been priced or repriced based on a SOFR rate prior to or subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 b. Represents amortized cost for debt securities and cost for equity investments. 
 c. The CLO subordinated notes are considered equity positions in the CLO vehicles and are not rated. Equity investments are entitled to recurring distributions, which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying vehicle's securities less contractual payments to debt holders and expenses. The estimated yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these recurring distributions and the estimated amount of repayment of principal upon termination. Such projections are periodically reviewed and adjusted, and the estimated yield may not ultimately be realized. 
 d. Non-income producing security. 
 e. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.39 . 
 f. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.77 . 
 g. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.36 . 
 h. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.59 . 
 126 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 , LIBOR Floor 
 2/27/2026 Services: Business Carestream Health, Inc.(f) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 8/8/2023 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Dayton Superior Corp.(f) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 12/4/2024 Construction Building MedPlast Holdings, Inc.(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 7/2/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Ministry Brands, LLC(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 6/2/2023 Services: Business Zest Acquisition Corp.(e) L+ , LIBOR Floor 
 3/14/2026 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Total Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Ivy Hill Middle Market Credit Fund VIII, Ltd. Subordinated Loan(c) Estimated Yield 
 2/2/2026 Diversified Financials Total Collateralized Securities and Structured Products - Equity Equity American Clinical Solutions LLC, Class A Membership Interests(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Class A Preferred Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Class B Preferred Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 Anthem Sports and Entertainment Inc., Common Stock Warrants(d) Media: Diversified Production Units 
 BCP Great Lakes Fund LP, Partnership Interests (5.6 ownership) 
 Diversified Financials N/A Carestream Health Holdings, Inc., Warrants(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 CHC Medical Partners, Inc., Series C Preferred Stock, 12 Dividend 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Dayton HoldCo, LLC, Membership Units(d) Construction Building Units 
 HDNet Holdco LLC, Preferred Unit Call Option(d) Media: Diversified Production Unit 
 HW Ultimate Holdings, LP, Class A Membership Units, 4 Dividend 
 Capital Equipment Units 
 Skillsoft Corp., Class A Common Stock(d) High Tech Industries Units 
 Spinal USA, Inc. / Precision Medical Inc., Warrants(d) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Units 
 Tenere Inc., Warrants(d) Capital Equipment N/A Total Equity TOTAL INVESTMENTS 
 a. The actual LIBOR rate for each loan listed may not be the applicable LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2021, as the loan may have been priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate prior to or subsequent to December 31, 2021. 
 b. Represents amortized cost for debt securities and cost for equity investments. 
 c. The CLO subordinated notes are considered equity positions in the CLO vehicles and are not rated. Equity investments are entitled to recurring distributions, which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying vehicle's securities less contractual payments to debt holders and expenses. The estimated yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these recurring distributions and the estimated amount of repayment of principal upon termination. Such projections are periodically reviewed and adjusted, and the estimated yield may not ultimately be realized. 
 d. Non-income producing security. 
 e. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.10 . 
 f. The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.21 . 
 127 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 and , respectively) 
 Cash and other assets Dividend receivable on investments Interest receivable on investments Total assets Senior secured notes (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Members' capital Total liabilities and members' capital 
 The following table includes selected statement of operations information for CION/EagleTree for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from December 21, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021: 
 Selected Statement of Operations Information: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Period From December 21, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) Through December 31, 2021 Total revenues Total expenses Net realized gain on investments Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) Net increase in net assets from operations 
 CION SOF Funding, LLC 
 CION SOF was organized on May 21, 2019 as a Delaware limited liability company and commenced operations on October 2, 2019 when the Company and BCP Special Opportunities Fund I, LP, or BCP, entered into the limited liability company agreement of CION SOF for purposes of establishing the manner in which the parties would invest in and co-manage CION SOF. CION SOF invested primarily in senior secured loans of U.S. middle-market companies. The Company and BCP contributed a portfolio of loans to CION SOF representing membership equity of and , respectively, in exchange for and of the membership interests of CION SOF, respectively. 
 In December 2020, the Company and BCP elected to wind-down the operations of CION SOF. On January 28, 2021, CION SOF sold all of its remaining debt and equity investments to the Company. On March 18, 2021, CION SOF declared final distributions and on March 19, 2021, distributed all remaining capital to the Company and BCP. 
 The Company and BCP were not required to make any additional capital contributions to CION SOF. The Company s equity investment in CION SOF was not redeemable. All portfolio and other material decisions regarding CION SOF required approval of its board of managers, which was comprised of members, of whom were selected by the Company and the other were selected by BCP. Further, all portfolio and other material decisions required the affirmative vote of at least board member from the Company and board member from BCP. 
 The Company also served as administrative agent to CION SOF to provide loan servicing functions and other administrative services. In certain cases, these loan servicing functions and other administrative services were performed by CIM. 
 128 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 . Advances under the SOF Credit Facility were available through October 2, 2022 and bore interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of (i) per year through October 1, 2022 and (i) per year thereafter through October 2, 2024. CION SOF's obligations to MS under the SOF Credit Facility were secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of CION SOF. The obligations of CION SOF under the SOF Credit Facility were non-recourse to the Company. On October 2, 2019, CION SOF drew down of borrowings under the SOF Credit Facility. On December 14, 2020, CION SOF repaid to MS all amounts outstanding under the SOF Credit Facility. 
 The Company did not record any dividend income from its equity interest in CION SOF for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 In accordance with ASU 2015-02, Consolidation , the Company determined that CION SOF was a VIE. However, the Company was not the primary beneficiary and therefore did not consolidate CION SOF. The Company's maximum exposure to losses from CION SOF was limited to its equity contribution to CION SOF. 
 Total expenses Net increase in net assets 
 129 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 8. 
 
 May 15, 2024 SOFR+ 
 2026 Notes(1) Note Purchase Agreement 
 February 11, 2026 UBS Facility Repurchase Agreement L+ 
 November 19, 2023 2022 More Term Loan Term Loan Facility Agreement SOFR+ 
 April 27, 2027 2021 More Term Loan(2) Term Loan Facility Agreement 
 September 30, 2024 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2026 Notes was , which was based on a yield analysis and discount rate commensurate with the market yields for similar types of debt. The fair value of these debt obligations would be categorized as Level 3 under ASC 820 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2021 More Term Loan was , which was based on a yield analysis and discount rate commensurate with the market yields for similar types of debt. The fair value of these debt obligations would be categorized as Level 3 under ASC 820 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On August 26, 2016, 34th Street entered into a senior secured credit facility with JPM. The senior secured credit facility with JPM, or the JPM Credit Facility, provided for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of , of which could have been funded as a revolving credit facility, each subject to conditions described in the JPM Credit Facility. On August 26, 2016, 34th Street drew down of borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility. 
 On September 30, 2016, July 11, 2017, November 28, 2017 and May 23, 2018, 34th Street amended and restated the JPM Credit Facility, or the Amended JPM Credit Facility, with JPM. Under the Amended JPM Credit Facility entered into on September 30, 2016, the aggregate principal amount available for borrowings was increased from to , of which could have been funded as a revolving credit facility, subject to conditions described in the Amended JPM Credit Facility. Under the Amended JPM Credit Facility entered into on July 11, 2017 and November 28, 2017, certain immaterial administrative amendments were made as a result of the termination of AIM as the Company's investment sub-adviser as discussed in Note 1. Under the Amended JPM Credit Facility entered into on May 23, 2018, (i) the aggregate principal amount available for borrowings was increased from to , of which could have been funded as a revolving credit facility, subject to conditions described in the Amended JPM Credit Facility, (ii) the reinvestment period was extended until August 24, 2020 and (iii) the maturity date was extended to August 24, 2021. 
 On May 15, 2020, 34th Street amended and restated the Amended JPM Credit Facility, or the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, with JPM in order to fully repay all amounts outstanding under the Company's prior Citibank Credit Facility and MS Credit Facility and repay of advances outstanding under the UBS Facility (as described below). Under the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, the aggregate principal amount available for borrowings was increased from to , of which may be funded as a revolving credit facility, subject to conditions described in the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, during the reinvestment period. Under the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, the reinvestment period was extended until May 15, 2022 and the maturity date was extended to May 15, 2023. Advances under the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility bore interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of per year. 
 On February 26, 2021, 34th Street amended and restated the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, or the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility, with JPM. Under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility, the aggregate principal amount available for borrowings was reduced from to , subject to conditions described in the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility. In addition, under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility, the reinvestment period was extended from May 15, 2022 to May 15, 2023 and the maturity date was extended from May 15, 2023 to May 15, 2024. Advances under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of per year, which was reduced from a spread of per year. 34th Street incurred certain customary costs and expenses in connection with the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility. No other material terms of the Second JPM Credit Facility were revised in connection with the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility. 
 130 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 to , subject to conditions described in the JPM First Amendment. Additional advances of up to under the JPM First Amendment bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR, plus a credit spread of per year, and a LIBOR to SOFR credit spread adjustment of . 34 th Street incurred certain customary costs and expenses in connection with the JPM First Amendment. No other material terms of the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility were revised in connection with the JPM First Amendment. 
 Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. 34th Street may prepay advances pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment, subject to a premium in certain circumstances. In addition, 34th Street will be subject to a non-usage fee of per year on the amount, if any, of the aggregate principal amount available under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment that has not been borrowed through May 14, 2023. The non-usage fees, if any, are payable quarterly in arrears. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate principal amount outstanding on the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment was and , respectively. 
 The Company contributed loans and other corporate debt securities to 34th Street in exchange for of the membership interests of 34th Street, and may contribute additional loans and other corporate debt securities to 34th Street in the future. 34th Street s obligations to JPM under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of 34th Street. The obligations of 34th Street under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment are non-recourse to the Company, and the Company s exposure under the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment is limited to the value of the Company s investment in 34th Street. 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of in connection with obtaining and amending the JPM Credit Facility, which were recorded as a direct reduction to the outstanding balance of the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and will amortize to interest expense over the term of the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the JPM First Amendment. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs was . 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Non-usage fee Total interest expense Weighted average interest rate(1) Average borrowings 
 (1) Includes the stated interest expense and non-usage fee on the unused portion of the JPM First Amendment, the Third Amended JPM Credit Facility and the Second Amended JPM Credit Facility, as applicable, and is annualized for periods covering less than one year. 
 
 On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers, or the Note Purchase Agreement, in connection with the Company s issuance of aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes due in 2026, or the 2026 Notes. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately , after the deduction of placement agent fees and other financing expenses, which the Company used to repay debt under its secured financing arrangements. 
 131 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 per year payable semi-annually on February 11th and August 11th of each year, which commenced on August 11, 2021. The Company has the right to, at its option, redeem all or a part that is not less than of the 2026 Notes (i) on or before February 11, 2024, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of 2026 Notes to be redeemed plus an applicable make-whole amount equal to (x) the discounted value of the remaining scheduled payments with respect to the principal of such 2026 Note that is to be prepaid or becomes due and payable pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement over (y) the amount of such called principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, (ii) after February 11, 2024 but on or before February 11, 2025, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, (iii) after February 11, 2025 but on or before August 11, 2025, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and (iv) after August 11, 2025, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. For any redemptions occurring on or before February 11, 2024, the discounted value portion of the make whole amount is calculated by applying a discount rate on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the 2026 Notes is payable equal to the sum of plus the yield to maturity of the most recently issued U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the 2026 Notes, or if there are no such U.S. Treasury securities, using such implied yield to maturity determined in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by certain of the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 of the Company s net asset value as of the year ended December 31, 2020 plus of the net cash proceeds of the sale of certain equity interests by the Company after February 11, 2021, if any, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than , (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.00 and (vi) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of to 1.00, provided that (a) first lien senior secured loans and cash represent more than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio and (b) equity interests or structured products in the aggregate represent less than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements. 
 The Note Purchase Agreement also contains a most favored lender provision in favor of the purchasers in respect of any new unsecured credit facilities, loans or indebtedness in excess of incurred by the Company, which indebtedness contains a financial covenant not contained in, or more restrictive against the Company than those contained, in the Note Purchase Agreement. In addition, the Note Purchase Agreement contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness or derivative securities of the Company in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least , certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding was . 
 Through December 31, 2022, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of in connection with issuing the 2026 Notes, which were recorded as a direct reduction to the outstanding balance of the 2026 Notes, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and will amortize to interest expense over the term of the 2026 Notes. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs was . 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Total interest expense Weighted average interest rate(1) Average borrowings 
 (1) Includes the stated interest expense on the 2026 Notes and is annualized for periods covering less than one year. 
 132 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

On May 19, 2017, the Company, through newly-formed, wholly-owned, special-purpose financing subsidiaries, entered into a financing arrangement with UBS pursuant to which up to was made available to the Company. 
 Pursuant to the financing arrangement, assets in the Company's portfolio may be contributed from time to time to Murray Hill Funding II through Murray Hill Funding, LLC, or Murray Hill Funding, each a newly-formed, wholly-owned, special-purpose financing subsidiary of the Company. On May 19, 2017, the Company contributed assets to Murray Hill Funding II. The assets held by Murray Hill Funding II secure the obligations of Murray Hill Funding II under Class A-1 Notes, or the Notes, issued by Murray Hill Funding II. Pursuant to an Indenture, dated May 19, 2017, between Murray Hill Funding II and U.S. Bank National Association, or U.S. Bank, as trustee, or the Indenture, the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued by Murray Hill Funding II from time to time was . Murray Hill Funding purchased the Notes issued by Murray Hill Funding II at a purchase price equal to their par value. Murray Hill Funding makes capital contributions to Murray Hill Funding II to, among other things, maintain the value of the portfolio of assets held by Murray Hill Funding II. 
 Principal on the Notes will be due and payable on the stated maturity date of May 19, 2027. Pursuant to the Indenture, Murray Hill Funding II made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar transactions. The Indenture contains events of default customary for similar transactions, including, without limitation: (a) the failure to make principal payments on the Notes at their stated maturity or any earlier redemption date or to make interest payments on the Notes and such failure is not cured within business days; (b) the failure to disburse amounts in accordance with the priority of payments and such failure is not cured within business days; and (c) the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events with respect to Murray Hill Funding II or Murray Hill Funding. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, Murray Hill Funding II was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements. 
 Murray Hill Funding, in turn, entered into a repurchase transaction with UBS, pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement and the related Annex and Master Confirmation thereto, each dated May 19, 2017, or collectively, the UBS Facility. Pursuant to the UBS Facility, on May 19, 2017 and June 19, 2017, UBS purchased Notes held by Murray Hill Funding for an aggregate purchase price equal to of the principal amount of Notes purchased. Subject to certain conditions, the maximum principal amount of Notes that may be purchased under the UBS Facility was . Accordingly, the aggregate maximum amount payable to Murray Hill Funding under the UBS Facility would not exceed . Murray Hill Funding was required to repurchase the Notes sold to UBS under the UBS Facility by no later than May 19, 2020. The repurchase price paid by Murray Hill Funding to UBS will be equal to the purchase price paid by UBS for the repurchased Notes (giving effect to any reductions resulting from voluntary partial prepayment(s)). The financing fee under the UBS Facility was equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of up to per year for the relevant period. 
 On December 1, 2017, Murray Hill Funding II amended and restated the Indenture, or the Amended Indenture, pursuant to which the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued by Murray Hill Funding II was increased from to . On December 1, 2017, Murray Hill Funding entered into a First Amended and Restated Master Confirmation to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, or the Amended Master Confirmation, which sets forth the terms of the repurchase transaction between Murray Hill Funding and UBS under the UBS Facility. As part of the Amended Master Confirmation, on December 15, 2017 and April 2, 2018, UBS purchased the increased aggregate principal amount of Notes held by Murray Hill Funding for an aggregate purchase price equal to of the principal amount of Notes issued. As a result of the Amended Master Confirmation, the aggregate maximum amount payable to Murray Hill Funding and made available to the Company under the UBS Facility was increased from to . No other material terms of the UBS Facility were revised in connection with the amended UBS Facility, or the Amended UBS Facility. 
 On May 19, 2020, Murray Hill Funding entered into a Second Amended and Restated Master Confirmation to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, or the Second Amended Master Confirmation, which extended the date that Murray Hill Funding will be required to repurchase the Notes sold to UBS under the Amended UBS Facility from May 19, 2020 to November 19, 2020, and increased the spread on the financing fee from to per year. 
 On May 19, 2020, Murray Hill Funding also repurchased Notes in the aggregate principal amount of from UBS for an aggregate repurchase price of , which was then repaid by Murray Hill Funding II. The repurchase of the Notes on May 19, 2020 resulted in a repayment of one-half of the outstanding amount of borrowings under the Amended UBS Facility as of May 19, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, Notes remained outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of , which was purchased by Murray Hill Funding from Murray Hill Funding II and subsequently sold to UBS under the Amended UBS Facility for aggregate proceeds of . 
 On November 12, 2020, Murray Hill Funding entered into a Third Amended and Restated Master Confirmation to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, or the Third Amended Master Confirmation, to further extend the date that Murray Hill Funding will be required to repurchase the Notes to December 18, 2020. 
 133 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 to per year. No other material terms of the Amended UBS Facility were revised in connection with the Fourth Amended Master Confirmation. 
 On December 17, 2020, Murray Hill Funding also entered into a Revolving Credit Note Agreement, or the Revolving Note Agreement, with Murray Hill Funding II, UBS and U.S. Bank, as note agent and trustee, which provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of , subject to compliance with a borrowing base. Murray Hill Funding II will issue Class A-R Notes, or the Class A-R Notes, in exchange for advances under the Revolving Note Agreement. Principal on the Class A-R Notes will be due and payable on the stated maturity date of May 19, 2027, which is the same stated maturity date as the Notes. 
 The Class A-R Notes will be issued pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated December 17, 2020, between Murray Hill Funding II and U.S. Bank, as trustee, or the Second Amended Indenture. Under the Second Amended Indenture, the aggregate principal amount of Notes and Class A-R Notes that may be issued by Murray Hill Funding II from time to time is . Murray Hill Funding, in turn, entered into a repurchase transaction with UBS pursuant to the terms of the related Annex and Master Confirmation, dated December 17, 2020, to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, dated May 19, 2017, related to the Class A-R Notes. Murray Hill Funding is required to repurchase the Class A-R Notes that will be sold to UBS by no later than November 19, 2023. The financing fee for the funded Class A-R Notes is equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of per year while the financing fee for the unfunded Class A-R Notes is equal to per year. 
 Pursuant to the Amended UBS Facility, on July 1, 2021, December 14, 2021 and April 19, 2022, UBS purchased Class A-R Notes held by Murray Hill Funding for an aggregate purchase price equal to of the principal amount of Class A-R Notes purchased, which was , and , respectively. On August 20, 2021 and March 7, 2023, Murray Hill Funding repurchased Class A-R Notes in the aggregate principal amount of and , respectively, from UBS for an aggregate repurchase price of and , respectively, which was then repaid by Murray Hill Funding II. The repurchase of the A-R Notes on August 20, 2021 and March 7, 2023 resulted in a repayment of and , respectively, of the outstanding amount of borrowings under the Amended UBS Facility. 
 from the initial market value of the portfolio assets. 
 
 in connection with obtaining the Amended UBS Facility, which were recorded as a direct reduction to the outstanding balance of the Amended UBS Facility, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and amortized to interest expense over the term of the Amended UBS Facility. At December 31, 2022, all upfront fees and other expenses were fully amortized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Notes in the aggregate principal amount of had been purchased by Murray Hill Funding from Murray Hill Funding II and subsequently sold to UBS under the Amended UBS Facility for aggregate proceeds of . The carrying amount outstanding under the Amended UBS Facility approximates its fair value. The Company funded each purchase of Notes by Murray Hill Funding through a capital contribution to Murray Hill Funding. As of December 31, 2022, the amount due at maturity under the Amended UBS Facility was . The Notes issued by Murray Hill Funding II and purchased by Murray Hill Funding eliminate in consolidation on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of assets held by Murray Hill Funding II was . 
 134 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Non-usage fee Total interest expense Weighted average interest rate(1) Average borrowings 
 (1) Includes the stated interest expense and non-usage fee on the unused portion of the Amended UBS Facility and is annualized for periods covering less than one year. 
 
 , or the 2022 More Term Loan. On April 27, 2022, the Company drew down of borrowings under the 2022 More Term Loan. After the deduction of fees and other financing expenses, the Company received net borrowings of approximately , which it used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 Advances under the 2022 More Term Loan bear interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR, plus a credit spread of per year and subject to a SOFR floor, payable quarterly in arrears. Advances under the 2022 More Term Loan mature on April 27, 2027. The Company has the right to, at its option, prepay all or any portion of advances then outstanding together with a prepayment fee equal to the higher of (i) zero, or (ii) the discounted present value of all remaining interest payments that would have been paid by the Company through the maturity date with respect to the principal amount of such advance that is to be prepaid or becomes due and payable pursuant to the More Term Loan Agreement. The discounted present value portion of the prepayment fee is calculated by applying a discount rate on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on advances is payable equal to the three-month SOFR plus . 
 Advances under the 2022 More Term Loan are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by certain of the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 of the Company s net asset value as of the year ended December 31, 2021 plus of the net cash proceeds of the sale of certain equity interests by the Company after April 27, 2022, if any, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than , and (v) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of to 1.00, provided that (a) first lien senior secured loans and cash represent more than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio and (b) equity interests or structured products in the aggregate represent less than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio. In addition, the More Term Loan Agreement contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness or derivative securities of the Company in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least , certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements. 
 Through December 31, 2022, the Company incurred debt is suance costs of in connection with obtaining the 2022 More Term Loan, which were recorded as a direct reduction to the outstanding balance of the 2022 More Term Loan, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and will amortize to interest expense over the term of the 2022 More Term Loan. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs was . 
 135 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs Total interest expense Weighted average interest rate(1) Average borrowings 
 (1) Includes the stated interest expense on the 2022 More Term Loan and is annualized for periods covering less than one year. 
 
 . On April 20, 2021, the Company drew down of borrowings under the 2021 More Term Loan. After the deduction of fees and other financing expenses, the Company received net borrowings of approximately , which the Company used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 Advances under the 2021 More Term Loan mature on September 30, 2024, and bear interest at a rate of per year payable quarterly in arrears. The Company has the right to, at its option, prepay all or any portion of advances then outstanding together with a prepayment fee equal to the higher of (i) zero, or (ii) the discounted present value of all remaining interest payments that would have been paid by the Company through the maturity date with respect to the principal amount of such advance that is to be prepaid or becomes due and payable pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement. The discounted present value portion of the prepayment fee is calculated by applying a discount rate on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on advances is payable equal to the sum of plus the yield to maturity of the most recently issued U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the 2021 More Term Loan, or if there are no such U.S. Treasury securities, using such implied yield to maturity determined in accordance with the terms of the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Advances under the 2021 More Term Loan are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to the Company's secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by certain of the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 of the Company s net asset value as of the year ended December 31, 2020 plus of the net cash proceeds of the sale of certain equity interests by the Company after April 14, 2021, if any, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than , and (v) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of to 1.00, provided that (a) first lien senior secured loans and cash represent more than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio and (b) equity interests or structured products in the aggregate represent less than of the total value of unencumbered assets used by the Company for purposes of the ratio. In addition, the Term Loan Agreement contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross default under other indebtedness or derivative securities of the Company in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least , certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements. 
 Through December 31, 2022 , the Company incurred debt issuance costs of in connection with obtaining the 2021 More Term Loan, which were recorded as a direct reduction to the outstanding balance of the 2021 More Term Loan, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and will amortize to i nterest expense over the term of the 2021 More Term Loan. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs was . 
 136 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs Total interest expense Weighted average interest rate(1) Average borrowings 
 (1) Includes the stated interest expense on the 2021 More Term Loan and is annualized for periods covering less than one year. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Senior secured second lien debt Collateralized securities and structured products - equity Unsecured debt Equity Short term investments Total Investments 
 (1) Excludes the Company's investment in CION/EagleTree, which is measured at NAV. 
 (2) Excludes the Company's investment in CION/EagleTree, which is measured at NAV. 
 Investments purchased(2) Net realized (loss) gain ) ) ) ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation ) ) ) ) Accretion of discount Sales and principal repayments ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Change in net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments still held as of December 31, 2022(1) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Included in net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Investments purchased includes PIK interest. 
 137 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Investments purchased(1) Net realized (loss) gain ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation Accretion of discount Sales and principal repayments(1) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments still held as of December 31, 2021(2) ) 
 (1) Includes non-cash restructured securities. 
 (2) Included in net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates Broker Quotes Broker Quotes N/A N/A Market Comparable Approach Revenue Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 per kW N/A EBITDA Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 Other(2) Other(2) N/A N/A Senior secured second lien debt Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates Collateralized securities and structured products - equity Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates N/A Unsecured debt Market Comparable Approach EBITDA Multiple x 
 N/A 
 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates N/A Equity Market Comparable Approach EBITDA Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 per kW N/A Revenue Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates N/A Broker Quotes Broker Quotes N/A N/A Options Pricing Model Expected Volatility Total 
 (1) Weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 
 (2) Fair value is based on the expected outcome of proposed corporate transactions and/or other factors. 
 138 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates Broker Quotes Broker Quotes N/A N/A Market Comparable Approach EBITDA Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 Revenue Multiple x 
 N/A Other(2) Other(2) N/A N/A Senior secured second lien debt Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates Broker Quotes Broker Quotes N/A N/A Collateralized securities and structured products - equity Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates N/A Unsecured debt Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rates Equity Market Comparable Approach EBITDA Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 per kW N/A Revenue Multiple x 
 x 
 x 
 Options Pricing Model Expected Volatility Total 
 (1) Weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 
 (2) Fair value is based on the expected outcome of proposed corporate transactions and/or other factors. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s senior secured first lien debt, senior secured second lien debt, collateralized securities and structured products, unsecured debt and equity are discount rates, EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, broker quotes and expected volatility. A significant increase or decrease in discount rates would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. A significant increase or decrease in the EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, expected proceeds from proposed corporate transactions, broker quotes and expected volatility would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. 
 
 Note 10. 
 Transfer agent expense Insurance expense Valuation expense Dues and subscriptions Printing and marketing expense Director fees and expenses Accounting and administrative costs Other expenses Total general and administrative expense 
 139 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 11. 
 Flatworld Intermediate Corp. Instant Web, LLC Critical Nurse Staffing, LLC Service Compression, LLC Rogers Mechanical Contractors, LLC American Health Staffing Group, Inc. Thrill Holdings LLC Homer City Holdings LLC Mimeo.com, Inc. Coyote Buyer, LLC Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC Moss Holding Company HW Acquisition, LLC MacNeill Pride Group Corp. BDS Solutions Intermediateco, LLC Archer Systems, LLC Dermcare Management, LLC Bradshaw International Parent Corp. RumbleOn, Inc. Sleep Opco, LLC RA Outdoors, LLC OpCo Borrower, LLC WorkGenius, Inc. Invincible Boat Company LLC American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. H.W. Lochner, Inc. Anthem Sports Entertainment Inc. STATinMED, LLC NWN Parent Holdings LLC Genesis Healthcare, Inc. West Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc. Trademark Global, LLC Molded Devices, Inc. Inotiv, Inc. Foundation Consumer Healthcare, LLC Extreme Reach, Inc. American Media, Inc. Marble Point Credit Management LLC Appalachian Resource Company, LLC Total 
 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the funding criteria for these unfunded commitments had not been met at the date indicated. 
 140 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 . 
 The Company will fund its unfunded commitments from the same sources it uses to fund its investment commitments that are funded at the time they are made (i.e., advances from its financing arrangements and/or cash flows from operations). The Company will not fund its unfunded commitments from future net proceeds generated by securities offerings, if any. The Company follows a process to manage its liquidity and ensure that it has available capital to fund its unfunded commitments. Specifically, the Company prepares detailed analyses of the level of its unfunded commitments relative to its then available liquidity on a daily basis. These analyses are reviewed and discussed on a weekly basis by the Company's executive officers and senior members of CIM (including members of the investment committee) and are updated on a real time basis in order to ensure that the Company has adequate liquidity to satisfy its unfunded commitments. 
 
 Note 12. 
 
 Amendment fees Conversion fees Administrative agent fees Total 
 Administrative agent fees are recurring income as long as the Company remains the administrative agent for the related investment. Income from all other fees was non-recurring. 
 141 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 13. 
 
 Results of operations: Net investment income Net realized (loss) gain and net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments and (loss) gain on foreign currency(2) ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations(2) ) Shareholder distributions: Distributions from net investment income ) ) ) ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholders' distributions ) ) ) ) ) Capital share transactions: Issuance of common stock above net asset value(3) Repurchases of common stock(4) Net increase in net assets resulting from capital share transactions Net asset value at end of period Shares of common stock outstanding at end of period Total investment return-net asset value(5) ) Total investment return-market value(6) ) Net assets at beginning of period Net assets at end of period Average net assets Ratio/Supplemental data: Ratio of net investment income to average net assets Ratio of gross operating expenses to average net assets(7) Ratio of net operating expenses to average net assets Portfolio turnover rate(8) Total amount of senior securities outstanding Asset coverage ratio(9) 
 (1) The per share data for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was derived by using the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during each period. The share information utilized to determine per share data in this table has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split discussed in Note 3. 
 142 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 per share during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. The Company's follow-on continuous public offering ended on January 25, 2019. 
 (4) Repurchases of common stock may have caused an incremental decrease or increase in net asset value per share due to the repurchase of shares at a price in excess of or below net asset value per share, respectively, on each repurchase date. The per share impact of repurchases of common stock was a decrease to net asset value of less than per share during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 (5) Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s common stock at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions paid or payable during the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i) the beginning period net asset value per share on the first day of the period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period of (A) share plus (B) any fractional shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions, and (iii) the value of distributions payable, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net asset value calculation assumes that distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company's distribution reinvestment plan then in effect as described in Note 5. The total investment return-net asset value does not consider the effect of the sales load from the sale of the Company s common stock. The total investment return-net asset value includes the effect of the issuance of shares at a net offering price that is greater than net asset value per share, which causes an increase in net asset value per share. Total returns covering less than a full year are not annualized. 
 (6) Total investment return-market value for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was calculated by taking the change in the market price of the Company's common stock since the first day of the period, and including the impact of distributions reinvested in accordance with the Company s New DRP. Total investment return-market value does not consider the effect of any sales commissions or charges that may be incurred in connection with the sale of shares of the Company s common stock. The historical calculation of total investment return-market value in the table should not be considered a representation of the Company s future total return based on market value, which may be greater or less than the return shown in the table due to a number of factors, including the Company s ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet its investment criteria, the interest rates payable on the debt securities the Company acquires, the level of the Company s expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which the Company encounters competition in its markets, general economic conditions and fluctuations in per share market value. As a result of these factors, results for any previous period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 
 (7) Ratio of gross operating expenses to average net assets does not include expense support provided by CIM, if any. 
 (8) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales or purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value, excluding short term investments, and is not annualized. 
 
 143 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 14.) ) Accumulated losses 
 These permanent differences are primarily due to the reclassification of nondeductible expenses. These reclassifications had no effect on net assets. 
 144 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Total 
 (1) Includes net short term capital gains of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 5, Distributions, for further information. 
 
 Other accumulated losses (1) ) ) Net unrealized depreciation on investments ) ) Total accumulated losses ) ) 
 (1) Includes short term capital loss carryforwards of and long term capital loss carryforwards of as of December 31, 2022. Includes short term capital loss carryforwards of and long term capital loss carryforwards of as of December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was ; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was ; the net unrealized depreciation was ; and the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was . 
 As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was ; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was ; the net unrealized depreciation was ; and the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was . 
 145 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 15. 
 
 Net investment income Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain on investments and foreign currency ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share of common stock(1) ) Net asset value per share of common stock at end of quarter Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Quarter Ended March 31, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2021 
 September 30, 
 2021 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Investment income Net investment income Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share of common stock(1) Net asset value per share of common stock at end of quarter Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 (1) The sum of the quarterly amounts may not equal amounts reported for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This is due to changes in the number of weighted-average shares outstanding and the effects of rounding for each period. 
 146 

C ON Investment Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Note 16. 
 in aggregate principal amount of its Series A Unsecured Notes due 2026, or the Series A Notes. The Series A Notes offering in Israel closed on February 28, 2023 and are listed and commenced trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange Ltd., or the TASE, on February 28, 2023. After the deduction of fees and other offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately , which it intends to use to make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objectives and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Series A Notes are rated A1.il by Midroog Ltd., an affiliate of Moody s. 
 
 The Series A Notes will mature on August 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company's option at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable, as set forth in the Deed of Trust. The Series A Notes bear interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus a credit spread of per year, which will be paid quarterly on February 28, May 31, August 31, and November 30 of each year, commencing on May 31, 2023. The Series A Notes are general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Series A Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of its secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 The Deed of Trust contains other terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as (i) information reporting, (ii) maintenance of the Company s status as a business development company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, (iii) minimum shareholders equity of million, (iv) a minimum asset coverage ratio of not less than , and (v) an unencumbered asset coverage ratio of to 1.00. In addition, the Deed of Trust contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under the Company s other indebtedness in an outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least , certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, the Company s shares of common stock listed and commenced trading on the TASE under the ticker symbol CION . 
 147 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on the foregoing evaluation, the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards. Disclosure controls and procedures cannot detect or prevent all error and fraud. Some inherent limitations in disclosure controls and procedures include costs of implementation, faulty decision-making, simple error and mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all anticipated and unanticipated future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with established policies or procedures. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and our dispositions of assets; 
 
 2. Provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and 
 
 3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 148 

In connection with the preparation of our annual consolidated financial statements, our management has conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on this evaluation, we have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, RSM US LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is set forth under the heading Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page 83. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 149 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Directors a nd Executive Officers 
 
 Certain information pertaining to our board of directors, or the Board, and executive officers as of the date of this report is set forth below, including their names, ages, a brief description of their recent business experience, including present occupations and employment, and certain directorships that each person held during the last five years. We have divided the directors into two groups - independent directors and interested directors. 
 Name (1) 
 Age Position(s) Interested Directors (2)(3) 
 Mark Gatto 50 Co-Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director Michael A. Reisner 52 Co-Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director Independent Directors (2) 
 Robert A. Breakstone 85 Director Aron I. Schwartz 52 Director Peter I. Finlay 61 Director Earl V. Hedin 66 Director Catherine K. Choi 51 Director Edward J. Estrada 50 Director Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Keith S. Franz 54 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Gregg A. Bresner 55 President and Chief Investment Officer Stephen Roman 41 Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary Eric A. Pinero 47 Chief Legal Officer 
 (1) The address for each director and executive officer is c/o C ON Investment Corporation, 100 Park Avenue, 25 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 
 (2) Our directors are divided into three classes, each holding office for a three-year term. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Each director will hold office for the term to which he or she is elected and serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 
 (3) Interested person of our company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Messrs. Gatto and Reisner are each an interested person because of their affiliation with CIM. 
 Interested Directors 
 Mark Gatto serves as Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company (since 2011) and CIG. Mr. Gatto serves on the investment committee of CIM. In addition, Mr. Gatto is a Trustee, Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and serves on the investment allocation committee of CION Ares Diversified Credit Fund, a diversified, closed-end management investment company. He joined CION Investments in 1999. Mr. Gatto was formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Acquisitions Officer from May 2007 through January 2008. He served as Executive Vice President of Business Development from May 2006 through May 2007 and Vice President of Marketing from August 2005 through February 2006. Mr. Gatto was also Associate General Counsel for CIG from November 1999 until October 2000. Previously, Mr. Gatto was an executive for a leading international product development and marketing company from 2000 through 2003 and later co-founded a specialty business-consulting firm in New York City where he served as its managing partner before re-joining CION Investments in 2005. Mr. Gatto was also an attorney in private practice from 1996 through 1999. Mr. Gatto received an M.B.A from the W. Paul Stillman School of Business at Seton Hall University, a J.D. from Seton Hall University School of Law, and a B.S. from Montclair State University. 
 Michael A. Reisner serves as Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company (since 2011) and CIG. Mr. Reisner serves on the investment committee of CIM. In addition, Mr. Reisner is a Trustee, Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and serves on the investment allocation committee of CION Ares Diversified Credit Fund, a diversified, closed-end management investment company. He joined CION Investments in 2001. Mr. Reisner was formerly Chief Financial Officer from January 2007 through April 2008. Mr. Reisner was also formerly Executive Vice President Originations from February 2006 through January 2007. Mr. Reisner was Senior Vice President and General Counsel from January 2004 through January 2006. Mr. Reisner was Vice President and Associate General Counsel from March 2001 until December 2003. Previously, from 1996 to 2001, Mr. Reisner was an attorney in private practice in New York. Mr. Reisner received a J.D., cum laude, from New York Law School and a B.A. from the University of Vermont. 
 150 

Independent Directors 
 
 Robert A. Breakstone has served as a member of our Board since 2012. He has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Landmark International Group, Inc., an independent consulting firm providing business development, financial, information technology, and marketing services to major corporations and start-up entrepreneurial ventures, since 1995. Previously, Mr. Breakstone served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at GTECH Corporation, a provider of technology-based gaming systems and services, from 1988 to 1995, where he took the firm private in a leveraged buyout and then public again later in an initial public offering. Prior to GTECH, he was President and Chief Executive Officer at Health-tex, Inc., which we believe is a leading marketer and retailer of children s apparel, from 1985 to 1988, where he led a management buyout of the firm from Chesebrough Pond s Inc., where he served as Group Vice President and served on the Executive Committee and Board of Directors from 1974 to 1985. Prior to Chesebrough Pond s, Mr. Breakstone was a Group Executive with the Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. from 1970 to 1974, where he managed major corporate, domestic and international banking divisions. From 1967 to 1970, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Systems Audits, Inc., a management consulting firm providing information technology services to the financial industry. 
 
 Mr. Breakstone also served on the board of directors of By Design International Ltd., a private, for-profit designer and marketer of women s apparel and on the advisory board of Hoffinger Industries, Inc., a leader in the above-ground pool/filtration industry. In addition to his prior service as a member of the board of Chesebrough Pond s, Mr. Breakstone also served on the board of directors of OSF, Inc., a Canadian publicly traded company, from 1996 to 1998 where, as a member of an independent special committee, he was responsible for selling the company to a US-based financial entity. 
 
 Mr. Breakstone served as an Adjunct Professor at the Graduate School of Business at Mercy College from 1999 to 2008. From 1963 to 1967, Mr. Breakstone was an adjunct professor at New York University. In addition, from 1967 to 1969, Mr. Breakstone was an Adjunct Assistant Professor at Pace University. Mr. Breakstone s degrees include a B.S. in Mathematics and an M.B.A. from the City College of New York. 
 
 Aron I. Schwartz has served as a member of our Board since 2012. He has been a Managing Director at ACON Investments since July 2014. Mr. Schwartz is the founder of Constructivist Capital, LLC, a firm that works with family offices and alternative asset management firms to pursue attractive investment opportunities. He was previously a consultant to and a Managing Director at Avenue Capital from 2012 to 2014 and held various positions culminating in Managing Director of Fenway Partners, a middle market private equity firm based in New York, from 1999 to 2011. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Schwartz was an associate in the Financial Entrepreneurs Group of Salomon Smith Barney, where he worked on a variety of financings and advisory assignments. He also serves or has served on the board of directors of a number of other public and private companies, including Invacare Corporation, True Value Company, 1-800 Contacts, Inc., Commonwealth Laminating Coating, Inc., Easton Bell Sports, Inc., STVT-AAI Education Inc., Igloo Products Corp., APR Energy, PLC, Borden Dairy Holdings and ATU Auto Technick-Unger. In addition, Mr. Schwartz previously served on the board of directors of the Open Road Foundation and US-ASEAN Business Council. Mr. Schwartz, a Certified Management Accountant, received his J.D. and M.B.A with honors from U.C.L.A. and his B.A. and B.S.E. cum laude from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. 
 
 Peter I. Finlay has served as a member of our Board since 2016. He is the founder and Managing Principal of Ardentis LLC, a corporate finance consulting firm that provides advisory services to companies in the U.S. and international markets. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Finlay served as Managing Director of ICON Capital, LLC and was responsible for managing new business origination in Europe and North America. Prior to 2008, Mr. Finlay held various management positions both in financial institutions and in relevant industries. From 2006 to 2008, he served as Director of Equipment Finance at Landsbanki Commercial Finance where he established a new industrial finance business with a focus on originating middle market secured debt transactions. From 2003 to 2006, he served as Vice President Regional Director Europe for GMAC Commercial Finance where he started a new equipment finance business. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Finlay served as a Director of Project Finance Organization at Bell Labs Lucent Technologies and from 1997 to 1999 he served as a Marketing Director of Structured Finance at Transamerica Leasing, where he established a structured finance operation covering Europe and the Middle East. Mr. Finlay started his career at National Westminster Bank (1979 1986) before moving to Barclays (1986 1997), where he held various positions, including Manager in the middle market structured leasing department and Manager in the para-banking inspection department where he was responsible for reviewing risk management compliance and risk underwriting in the bank s European equipment finance subsidiaries. 
 
 Since 2014, Mr. Finlay has been the Managing Principal of Ardentis LLC and is also an advisor to the board of EMM Investments LLC, a privately held asset manager engaged in lending to asset intensive companies. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Finlay served as Chairman and non-executive Director of Premier Telesolutions Ltd. (UK). 
 
 Mr. Finlay became an Associate of the Chartered Institute of Bankers in England and Wales in 1994 and completed a Diploma in Financial Studies in 1997. He completed an M.B.A. at City University Business School in London in 1997 and subsequently served as a tutor in the evening M.B.A. program. 
 151 

Earl V. Hedin has served as a member of our Board since 2017. He is the co-founder and Managing Partner of Hudson Partners Group LLC and its broker-dealer, Hudson Partners Securities LLC, registered with FINRA. The firm assists investment managers in raising institutional capital for hedge funds, private equity and other alternative investment strategies. From 1999 to 2007, Mr. Hedin served as a Senior Managing Director at Bear, Stearns Co. Inc., where he held various senior roles building and guiding the Bear Stearns Asset Management Group. These roles included Chief Financial Officer, Director of Alternatives and co-head and founder of the firm's Private Funds Group. He was responsible for the firm's sponsored venture capital funds and headed the approximately 1 billion private equity fund-of-funds program. During his tenure, he created numerous alternative asset products and helped raise over 3 billion for these funds. Mr. Hedin also created the first hedge fund-of-funds product at Bear Stearns. From 1995 to 1998, he served as a Managing Director Principal, and worked on several key international financial structuring projects, including the creation of Bear Stearns Irish Bank in Dublin. Additionally, Mr. Hedin created the Bear Stearns Dublin Development Center to reduce technology related costs. From 1994 to 1995, he served as Vice President at Bankers Trust New York Corporation, where he was responsible for strategic planning and management reporting. Prior to that, from 1989 to 1993, he worked as a Vice President and Controller in the firm's Domestic Merchant Bank and directed all financial management functions across a variety of business units. During that time, he was also actively involved in the buying and selling of LBO partnership interests. From 1988 to 1989, he served as Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of American International Group's credit subsidiary, A.I. Credit Corporation, and managed the firm's liability portfolio. Previously, Mr. Hedin was an Associate in Morgan Stanley's venture capital group as well as the Chief Financial Officer of the group's activities. Prior to that, he served as a Senior Accountant at Price Waterhouse. 
 
 Mr. Hedin received his M.B.A from Rutgers Graduate School of Management in 1980 and did graduate studies at Carnegie-Mellon University. He received his B.A. from Rutgers College in 1978. Mr. Hedin is a holder of the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a Certified Public Accountant (retired). Mr. Hedin also holds various FINRA licenses including Series 7, 63, 99, 24 (Securities Principal) and 27 (Financial Principal). 
 
 Catherine K. Choi has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Ms. Choi has served as President of BULBRITE Industries, a leading manufacturer and supplier of energy-efficient lighting solutions, since 2009. Founded 50 years ago by her parents, BULBRITE is a family-owned business renowned for its commitment to innovation, education and exceptional service. In her role as President, Ms. Choi oversees all aspects of the company s operations including sales, marketing, operations, manufacturing and product development. During her tenure as President of BULBRITE, Ms. Choi has expanded sales and services to a broader community and distributor base throughout North America. She has helped expand the breadth of the company s product line to LED decorative bulbs and patio string lights as well as a line of smart bulbs, Bulbrite Solana , that has been featured in the Washington Post, Dwell, House Beautiful and Apartment Therapy. 
 
 Recipient of the 2021 Women in Lighting Leadership Award and Residential Lighting Industry Leadership Award in 2010, Ms. Choi is an active leader in the lighting industry, serving on the Lighting Board of Governors for the Dallas Market Center since 2018, and was a former Chair of the American Lighting Association Education Foundation Board from 2013 to 2015. She is an ALA Certified Lighting Specialist. Ms. Choi was recognized as a Woman of Influence in 2013 by the NJ Commerce and Industry Association. She is also an elected member of the President s Council for Cornell Women since 2017, and has served as a director for the Ridgewood Public Library Foundation since 2017 and for a privately held company in NJ since 2015. Ms. Choi earned her MBA from New York University in 1996 and her BA from Cornell University in 1993. She is the Co-Chair of the NYU Stern Women in Business Alumnae Group, and Advisory Council Member for the Seton Hall Business School Leadership Program. 
 
 Edward J. Estrada has served as a member of our Board since 2021. Mr. Estrada is the Principal of Estrada Legal Consulting, a legal management consulting business working with law firms on strategy development, implementation and alignment, market positioning, margin improvement, and operational efficiency. Mr. Estrada was in private legal practice for 25 years. Most recently, he was a partner with the global law firm, Reed Smith, LLP, in its Global Financial Industry Group. He has served as a director for a family foundation since 2021 and as an advisory and executive board member for certain non-profit businesses. Mr. Estrada counseled his clients in a wide range of business matters, including acting as outside counsel, and addressing their regulatory, transactional and litigation needs. He held multiple leadership positions at Reed Smith, LLP, most recently as global chair of the firm s Financial Industry Group from 2016 to 2021. Mr. Estrada also served as co-head of Reed Smith, LLP s U.S. Litigation Group (2010 to 2012), served two terms on the firm s Executive Committee (2009 and 2014), served as Managing Partner of the New York Office (2012 to 2014), and served as the firm s Global Head of Business Strategy on the firm s Senior Management Team (2014 to 2016). In his practice, and in his role as global chair of Reed Smith, LLP s Financial Industry Group, Mr. Estrada counseled clients ranging from private funds to investment and regional banks and was responsible for identifying and responding to market and industry trends. Mr. Estrada received his J.D. from George Washington Law School in 1997 and his B.A. from Cornell University in 1994. 
 152 

Classes of Directors: 
 
 As stated above, our directors are divided into three classes, each holding office for a three-year term. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders held in the third year following the year of their election. 
 Class I - Independent 
 (Serve Until the Annual Meeting of 
 Shareholders in 2025) 
 Class II - Independent 
 (Serve Until the Annual Meeting of 
 Shareholders in 2023) 
 Class III - Interested 
 (Serve Until the Annual Meeting of 
 Shareholders in 2024) 
 Peter I. Finlay Robert A. Breakstone Mark Gatto Earl V. Hedin Aron I. Schwartz Michael A. Reisner Edward J. Estrada Catherine K. Choi - 
 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 
 
 Keith S. Franz has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since 2011. Mr. Franz is principally responsible for our financial and day-to-day operating activities. Mr. Franz is also the Chief Financial Officer of CIM, our registered investment advisor. Mr. Franz joined CION Investments in March 2009 and was formerly the Vice President of Finance and Accounting and then a Senior Vice President and Principal Financial Officer through 2011. Prior to joining CION Investments, Mr. Franz was a senior executive for a business advisory and consulting firm from 2008 to 2009, the Vice President of Corporate Finance for a large publicly traded company from 2004 through 2008 and a Senior Audit Manager with E Y, LLP in their assurance and business advisory group from 1991 through 2004. Mr. Franz received a B.S. from Binghamton University and is a certified public accountant and a Series 27 Financial and Operations principal. 
 
 Gregg A. Bresner joined our company in 2016. Mr. Bresner has over 25 years of corporate finance, investment and portfolio management experience with a focus in the leveraged finance sector. Prior to joining our company and CIM, Mr. Bresner worked at investment management and banking firms including Wasserstein Perella Co., Bankers Trust Company, BT Alex. Brown, Deutsche Bank, Briscoe Capital Management and Plainfield Asset Management. Previously, Mr. Bresner served as the operating Chief Financial Officer of JDS Therapeutics from 2012 to 2016. At JDS, Mr. Bresner led the company's financial, accounting, capital raising, corporate development and human resource functions and completed multiple capital raises, licensing transactions and acquisitions. In 2010, Mr. Bresner co-founded Tyto Capital, an investment firm specializing in private debt and equity investments in U.S. based middle-market companies. Tyto originated and acquired multiple private investments from 2010 to 2012, including an equity investment in JDS Therapeutics. In 2003, Mr. Bresner co-founded Briscoe Capital Management, a registered investment manager and the portfolio manager of the Fairfield Briscoe Senior Capital Fund, a debt fund focused on non-investment grade senior secured debt assets. Mr. Bresner actively managed a diversified loan portfolio of approximately 100 issuers. While at Briscoe, Mr. Bresner successfully raised and utilized approximately 700 million of committed debt facilities with Citigroup and CIBC. In mid-2006, the Briscoe Capital team merged into Plainfield Asset Management, a multi-billion-dollar special situations hedge fund platform. From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Bresner served as a Managing Director of Plainfield, where he sourced and executed direct U.S. debt and equity investments for various Plainfield investment funds. 
 
 Mr. Bresner began his investment banking career in the Mergers Acquisitions group of Wasserstein Perella, where he advised middle-market companies and private equity sponsors on mergers and acquisitions, leveraged recapitalization and restructuring transactions. While at Bankers Trust Company and Deutsche Bank, Mr. Bresner was a senior investment banker in the Financial Sponsors Group where he focused on sourcing, structuring and executing leveraged senior debt, high yield debt and mezzanine financings for private equity sponsors. Mr. Bresner graduated magna cum laude with a B.S. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and received his M.B.A. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business, where he was a Beta Gamma Sigma scholar. Mr. Bresner is a holder of the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. 
 
 Stephen Roman joined CIG in July of 2013 and since August 2013 has been Vice President of CIM. During his tenure at our company, Mr. Roman has advised on numerous legal and regulatory matters and managed corporate and securities law compliance matters for our various corporate entities as well as our registered investment adviser. From November 2012 through June 2013, Mr. Roman served as an attorney in New York. Previously, he was an analyst at Forex Capital Markets. Mr. Roman received a J.D. from the Northwestern University School of Law and a B.S. from New York University. Mr. Roman is a holder of the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA Institute. 
 
 Eric. A Pinero has served as our Chief Legal Officer since November 2021 and as Senior Director and Counsel of CIG and its affiliated entities since July 2013. At CIG, Mr. Pinero advises on all legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including, among others, matters related to corporate and securities law compliance for CIG as well as CIG s sponsored alternative investment products, including our company. Prior to joining CIG in 2013, Mr. Pinero was an attorney with several highly regarded regional law firms representing both issuers and underwriters concentrating on securities law compliance, public and private debt and equity securities offerings, mergers and acquisitions, and a diverse range of corporate and commercial transactions. Mr. Pinero received a B.S. in Political Science and History from Roger Williams University and a J.D. from Brooklyn Law School. 
 153 

Corporate Governance 
 
 Risk Oversight and Board Structure 
 
 The Board oversees our business and investment activities and is responsible for protecting the interests of our shareholders. The responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the quarterly valuation of our assets, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. Pursuant to our charter and bylaws, the Board may modify the number of directors on the Board, provided that the number of directors will not be fewer than one, the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law, or greater than twelve. Pursuant to our charter, our directors are divided into three classes. Each class of directors will hold office for a three-year term. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Each director will hold office for the term to which he or she is elected and serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. The Board is currently comprised of eight directors, six of whom are independent. 
 
 Through its direct oversight role, and indirectly through its committees, the Board performs a risk oversight function for us consisting of, among other things, the following activities: (1) at regular and special Board meetings, and on an ad hoc basis as needed, receiving and reviewing reports related to our performance and operations; (2) reviewing and approving, as applicable, our compliance policies and procedures; (3) meeting with the portfolio management team to review investment strategies, techniques and the processes used to manage related risks; (4) meeting with, or reviewing reports prepared by, the representatives of our key service providers, including our investment adviser, administrator, and independent registered public accounting firm, to review and discuss our activities and to provide direction with respect thereto; and (5) engaging the services of our chief compliance officer to test our compliance procedures and certain of our service providers. 
 
 Our charter, as well as regulations governing BDCs generally, require that a majority of our Board be persons other than interested persons of the BDC, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. A majority of the members of our Board are not interested persons of our company or CIM, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and as required by Rule 303A.00 in the NYSE Listed Company Manual. These individuals are referred to as our independent directors. Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act defines an interested person to include, among other things, any person who has, or within the last two years had, a material business or professional relationship with us. The members of the Board that are not independent directors are referred to as interested directors. 
 
 Messrs. Gatto and Reisner, who are interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, serve as the co-chief executive officers and co-chairmen of the Board. The Board believes that Messrs. Gatto and Reisner, as our co-chief executive officers and co-chairmen of the Board, are the directors with the most knowledge of our business strategy and are best situated to serve as chairmen of the Board. 
 
 The Board has determined that the following directors are independent directors pursuant to Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and as required by Rule 303A.00 in the NYSE Listed Company Manual: Robert A. Breakstone, Peter I. Finlay, Aron I. Schwartz, Earl V. Hedin, Catherine K. Choi and Edward J. Estrada. Based upon information requested from each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, the Board has affirmatively determined that none of the independent directors has, or within the last two years had, a material business or professional relationship with us, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the Board or any Board committee or as a shareholder. The Board does not currently have a separately designated lead independent director and has not designated one independent director to preside over all executive sessions of independent directors. Rather, Aron I. Schwartz and Robert A. Breakstone, each independent directors and chairman of the audit committee and nominating and corporate governance committee, respectively, preside over such executive sessions on a rotational basis. Communications may be sent to the independent directors to: Stephen Roman, Corporate Secretary, C ON Investment Corporation, 100 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The Board, after considering various factors, including, among other things, its current duties, responsibilities and our overall business, has concluded that its structure is appropriate at this time. The Board will continue to monitor our structure and determine whether it remains appropriate based on the complexity of our operations. 
 
 There have been no purchases or sales of securities of CIM or its parent or subsidiaries by any of our directors since the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year. 
 
 Committees of the Board 
 
 The Board has established a standing audit committee, a standing nominating and corporate governance committee and a standing compensation committee. The Board met five times and took action by unanimous written consent seven times during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Each director attended all meetings of the Board held during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We do not have a formal policy regarding director attendance at an annual meeting of shareholders. 
 154 

Audit Committee 
 
 The members of our audit committee are Robert A. Breakstone, Peter I. Finlay, Aron I. Schwartz, Earl V. Hedin, Catherine K. Choi and Edward J. Estrada, each of whom meets the independence standards established by the SEC for audit committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act and the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Mr. Schwartz serves as chairman of the audit committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Schwartz is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. The audit committee operates pursuant to a written charter and meets periodically as necessary. A copy of the audit committee s charter is available on our website: www.cionbdc.com. The audit committee is responsible for selecting, engaging and discharging our independent registered public accounting firm (the independent accountants ), reviewing the plans, scope and results of the audit engagement with our independent accountants, approving professional services provided by our independent accountants (including compensation therefor), reviewing the independence of our independent accountants and reviewing the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting. The audit committee also establishes guidelines, reviews preliminary valuations and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the valuation of our loans and other investments. The audit committee met four times in 2022. 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Robert A. Breakstone, Peter I. Finlay, Aron I. Schwartz, Earl V. Hedin, Catherine K. Choi and Edward J. Estrada, each of whom meets the independence standards established by the SEC for governance committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act and the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Mr. Breakstone serves as chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee operates pursuant to a written charter and meets periodically as necessary. A copy of the nominating and corporate governance committee s charter is available on our website: www.cionbdc.com. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for selecting, researching, and nominating directors for election by our shareholders, selecting nominees to fill vacancies on the Board or a committee of the Board, developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board and our management. The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider shareholders proposed nominations for directors. The nominating and corporate governance committee met three times in 2022. 
 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee considers candidates suggested by its members and other directors, as well as our management and shareholders. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective nominee for the Board must provide notice to our corporate secretary in accordance with the requirements set forth in our bylaws, the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding director nominations. Nominations should be sent to Stephen Roman, Corporate Secretary, C ON Investment Corporation, 100 Park Avenue, 25 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. To have a candidate considered by the nominating and corporate governance committee, a shareholder must submit the recommendation in writing and must include the following information: 
 The name of the shareholder and evidence of the person s ownership of shares, including the number of shares owned and the length of time of the ownership; 
 The name of the candidate, the candidate s resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be a director of our company and the person s consent to be named as a director if selected by the nominating and corporate governance committee and nominated to the Board; and 
 If requested by the nominating and corporate governance committee, a completed and signed director s questionnaire. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The members of our compensation committee are Robert A. Breakstone, Peter I. Finlay, Aron I. Schwartz, Earl V. Hedin, Catherine K. Choi and Edward J. Estrada, each of whom meets the independence standards established by the SEC for compensation committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act and the NYSE Listed Company Manual. We currently do not have a chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee operates pursuant to a written charter and meets periodically as necessary. A copy of the compensation committee s charter is available on our website: www.cionbdc.com. The compensation committee is responsible for determining, or recommending to the Board for determination, the compensation, if any, of our co-chief executive officers and all other executive officers. The compensation committee also assists the Board with matters related to compensation generally, except with respect to compensation of the directors. 
 
 Our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. However, the compensation payable to CIM pursuant to the investment advisory agreement has been separately approved by a majority of the independent directors, as well as our shareholders in 2021. As none of our executive officers currently is compensated by us, the compensation committee does not produce and/or review a report on executive compensation practices. The compensation committee did not hold any formal meetings in 2022. 
 155 

Compensation of Directors 
 
 Directors who do not also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or CIM are entitled to receive annual cash retainer fees, fees for attending Board and committee meetings and annual fees for serving as a committee chairperson. These directors are Robert A. Breakstone, Peter I. Finlay, Aron I. Schwartz, Earl V. Hedin, Catherine K. Choi and Edward J. Estrada. These directors are paid (i) annual cash retainer fees of 100,000; (ii) fees for attending Board and committee meetings (in-person or telephonically) of 1,000 per meeting; and (iii) annual fees of 25,000 for serving as a committee chairperson (per committee). Amounts payable under this arrangement are determined and paid quarterly in arrears. 
 
 We also reimburse each of the above directors for all reasonable and authorized business expenses in accordance with our policies as in effect from time to time. We did not pay compensation to our directors who also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or CIM for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our directors were paid compensation of 621,623 in connection with their service on the Board during the year ended December 31, 2022. No director or executive officer receives pension or retirement benefits from us. 
 
 Communications Between Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 
 The Board welcomes communications from our shareholders. Shareholders may send communications to the Board, or to any particular director, to the following address: c/o C ON Investment Corporation, 100 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017. Shareholders should indicate clearly the director or directors to whom the communication is being sent so that each communication may be forwarded directly to the appropriate director(s). 
 
 Code of Business Conduct 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct pursuant to Rule 17j-1 promulgated under the 1940 Act, which applies to, among others, our officers, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the members of the Board. Our code of business conduct can be accessed via our website at www.cionbdc.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of required provisions of the code of business conduct on Form 8-K or on our website. 
 
 Practice and Policies Regarding Personal Trading and Hedging of Equity 
 
 We have also established a policy designed to prohibit the officers, directors, and certain employees of CIM and its affiliates from purchasing or selling our shares while in possession of material nonpublic information, or otherwise using such information for their personal benefit or in any manner that would violate applicable laws and regulations. The policy also prohibits all directors and officers from engaging in hedging or monetization transactions or similar arrangements with respect to our securities without prior approval of our chief compliance officer. 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 We have adopted corporate governance guidelines pursuant to Section 303A.09 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which can be accessed via our website at www.cionbdc.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are officers of CIM or by individuals who were contracted by CIM to work on our behalf pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory agreement or administration agreement. Each of our executive officers is an officer of CIM, and the day-to-day investment operations and administration of our portfolio are managed by CIM. In addition, we reimburse CIM for our allocable portion of expenses incurred by CIM in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including the allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs determined under the administration agreement. 
 156 

The investment advisory agreement and the administration agreement each provides that CIM and its officers, directors, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with them acting as our agent shall be entitled to indemnification (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) for any liability or loss suffered by CIM or such other person, and CIM and such other person shall be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by us, if (i) CIM has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in our best interests, (ii) CIM or such other person was acting on behalf of or performing services for us, (iii) the liability or loss suffered was not the result of willful malfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence by CIM or an affiliate thereof acting as our agent, and (iv) the indemnification or agreement to hold CIM or such other person harmless is only recoverable out of our net assets and not from our shareholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 8, 2023, the beneficial ownership of our executive officers and directors, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of our outstanding shares, and all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our shares is based upon filings by such persons with the SEC, information furnished by our transfer agent and other information obtained from such persons, if available. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as us. Our address is 100 Park Avenue, 25 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Owned Beneficially (1) 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 Interested Directors: Mark Gatto (3) 
 38,333.05 Michael A. Reisner (4) 
 38,924.05 Independent Directors: Robert A. Breakstone (5) 
 6,000.00 Peter I. Finlay (6) 
 2,000.00 Aron I. Schwartz None None Earl V. Hedin (7) 
 5,431.18 Catherine K. Choi None None Edward J. Estrada 3,695.00 Executive Officers: Keith S. Franz (8) 
 55,500.00 Gregg A. Bresner (9) 
 40,099.00 Stephen Roman 6,000.00 Eric A. Pinero 4,500.00 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (12 persons) 200,482.28 
 Less than 1 . 
 (1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (2) Based on a total of 55,017,546 shares outstanding on March 8, 2023. 
 (3) Mr. Gatto is the record holder of 10,000 shares and CIG is the record holder of 56,666.10 shares. Messrs. Gatto and Reisner control CIG and, as a result, may be deemed to be the indirect beneficial owners of the shares held by CIG. As permitted by Rule 16a-1(a)(4) under the Exchange Act, Mr. Gatto disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by CIG except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 
 (4) Mr. Reisner is the record holder of 10,591 shares and CIG is the record holder of 56,666.10 shares. Messrs. Gatto and Reisner control CIG and, as a result, may be deemed to be the indirect beneficial owners of the shares held by CIG. As permitted by Rule 16a-1(a)(4) under the Exchange Act, Mr. Reisner disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by CIG except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 
 (5) An investment retirement account is the record holder of these shares. Mr. Breakstone is the indirect beneficial owner with sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by the investment retirement account. 
 157 

(6) A self-employed pension plan is the record holder of these shares. Mr Finlay is the indirect beneficial owner with sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by the self-employed pension plan. 
 (7) The Hudson Partners Group Incentive Savings Trust is the record holder of these shares. Mr. Hedin is the indirect beneficial owner with sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by The Hudson Partners Group Incentive Savings Trust. 
 (8) Mr. Franz is the record holder of 53,000 shares and an investment retirement account is the record holder of 2,500 shares. Mr. Franz is the indirect beneficial owner with sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by the investment retirement account. 
 (9) Mr. Bresner is the record holder of 34,599 shares and an investment retirement account is the record holder of 5,500 shares. Mr. Bresner is the indirect beneficial owner with sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by the investment retirement account. 
 DOLLAR RANGE OF SECURITIES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY DIRECTORS 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 8, 2023, the dollar range of our equity securities that are beneficially owned by each of our directors. 
 Name of Director Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned in the Company (1)(2)(3) 
 Independent Directors: Robert A. Breakstone 50,001 100,000 Peter I. Finlay 10,001 50,000 Aron I. Schwartz None Earl V. Hedin 50,001 100,000 Catherine K. Choi None Edward J. Estrada 10,001 50,000 Interested Directors: Mark Gatto 100,001 500,000 
 Michael A. Reisner 100,001 500,000 
 
 (1) Beneficial ownership determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Exchange Act. 
 (2) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned in us is based on the closing price for our common stock of 10.52 on March 8, 2023 on the NYSE. 
 (3) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned are: None, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, 100,001 500,000, 500,001 1,000,000, or over 1,000,000. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 We have procedures in place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving us and certain persons related to us. For example, we have a code of business conduct that generally prohibits any employee, officer or director from engaging in any transaction where there is a conflict between such individual s personal interest and our interests. Waivers to the code of business conduct can generally only be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, the Co-Chairmen of the Board or the Chairman of the audit committee of the Board and are publicly disclosed as required by applicable law and regulations. In addition, the audit committee reviews all related person transactions for potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis in accordance with our code of ethics, code of business conduct and other applicable policies and procedures, and all such transactions are approved or ratified by the audit committee as set forth in the audit committee charter. 
 
 Messrs. Gatto and Reisner, our Co-Chairmen and Co-Chief Executive Officers, also serve as Co-Chief Executive Officers of CIM. In addition, Messrs. Gatto and Reisner each directly and indirectly own approximately 38 of CIG s ownership of CIM. 
 
 We have entered into an investment advisory agreement with CIM. Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement, we pay CIM a base management fee and an incentive fee. We have also entered into an administration agreement with CIM pursuant to which we reimburse CIM for administrative expenses it incurs on our behalf. 
 
 On January 1, 2019, we entered into a servicing agreement with CIM s affiliate, Apollo Investment Administration, L.P., or AIA, pursuant to which AIA furnishes us with administrative services including, but not limited to, loan and high yield trading services, trade and settlement support, and supplementary investment valuation information. AIA is reimbursed for administrative expenses it incurs on our behalf in performing its obligations, provided that such reimbursement is reasonable, and costs and expenses incurred are documented. The servicing agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by either party, upon 60 days' written notice to the other party. 
 158 

Our executive officers, certain of our directors and certain other finance professionals of CION Investments also serve as executives of CIM and officers of our company and Messrs. Gatto and Reisner are directors of CION Securities, LLC, the dealer manager for the offering of our shares, which ended on January 25, 2019. In addition, our executive officers and directors and the members of CIM and members of the investment committee serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same, or related, line of business as we do or of investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles managed by our affiliates. These investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles may have investment objectives similar to our investment objective. We may compete with entities managed by CIM and its affiliates for capital and investment opportunities. As a result, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles managed by CIM or its affiliates or by members of the investment committee. However, to fulfill its fiduciary duties to each of its clients, CIM intends to allocate investment opportunities in a manner that is fair and equitable over time and is consistent with CIM s allocation policy, investment objective and strategies so that we are not disadvantaged in relation to any other client. CIM has agreed with the Board that allocations among us and other investment funds affiliated with CIM will be made based on capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated. We expect that our available capital for investments will be determined based on the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, and the targeted leverage level and targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set by the Board or as imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. 
 
 Policies and Procedures for Managing Conflicts 
 
 CIM and its affiliates have both subjective and objective procedures and policies in place designed to manage the potential conflicts of interest between CIM s fiduciary obligations to us and its similar fiduciary obligations to other clients. For example, such policies and procedures may be designed so that, when appropriate, certain investment opportunities may be allocated on an alternating basis that is fair and equitable among us and their other clients. An investment opportunity that is suitable for multiple clients of CIM and its affiliates may not be capable of being shared among some or all of such clients and affiliates due to the limited scale of the opportunity or other factors, including regulatory restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act. There can be no assurance that CIM s or its affiliates efforts to allocate any particular investment opportunity fairly among all clients for whom such opportunity is appropriate will result in an allocation of all or part of such opportunity to us. Not all conflicts of interest can be expected to be resolved in our favor. 
 
 The principals of CIM have managed and will continue to manage investment vehicles with similar or overlapping investment strategies. In order to address these issues, CIM has put in place an investment allocation policy that addresses the co-investment restrictions set forth under the 1940 Act and seeks to ensure the equitable allocation of investment opportunities when we are able to co-invest with other accounts managed by CIM and affiliated entities. When we engage in such permitted co-investments, we will do so in a manner consistent with our exemptive relief from the SEC and with CIM s allocation policy. Under this allocation policy, a fixed percentage of each opportunity, which may vary based on asset class and from time to time, will be offered to us and similar eligible accounts, as periodically determined by CIM and approved by the Board, including all of the independent directors. The allocation policy further provides that allocations among us and other accounts will generally be made pro rata based on each account s capital available for investment, as determined, in our case, by the Board, including the independent directors. It is our policy to base our determinations as to the amount of capital available for investment on such factors as: the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, the targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set by the Board or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. We expect that these determinations will be made similarly for other accounts. In situations where co-investment with other entities managed by CIM or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, CIM will need to decide whether we or such other entity or entities will proceed with the investment. CIM will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such opportunities be offered to eligible accounts in a manner that will be fair and equitable over time. 
 
 Share Repurchase Policy 
 
 On September 15, 2021, our board of directors, including the independent directors, approved a share repurchase policy authorizing us to repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding common stock after the Listing. On June 24, 2022, our board of directors, including the independent directors, increased the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased under the share repurchase policy by 10 million to up to an aggregate of 60 million. Under the share repurchase policy, we may purchase shares of our common stock through various means such as open market transactions, including block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased and the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at our discretion. Factors include, but are not limited to, share price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with our general business conditions. The policy may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, as part of the share repurchase policy, we entered into a trading plan with an independent broker, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or Wells Fargo, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act based in part on historical trading data with respect to our shares. The 10b5-1 trading plan permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. The 10b5-1 trading plan is subject to price, market volume and timing restrictions. 
 159 

Competition 
 
 Certain officers of CIM are simultaneously providing investment management services to certain funds managed by its affiliates. CIM may determine that it is appropriate for us and one or more other investment accounts managed by CIM or any of its affiliates to participate in an investment opportunity. As a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory restrictions in negotiating or investing in certain investments with entities with which we may be prohibited from doing so under the 1940 Act, such as CIM and its affiliates, unless we obtain an exemptive order from the SEC or co-invest alongside such affiliates in accordance with existing regulatory guidance. On August 30, 2022, we, CIM and certain of our affiliates were granted the Order by the SEC for us to co-invest with other funds managed by CIM or certain affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. Even though we were granted the Order by the SEC, CIM s investment committee may determine that we should not participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 
 Affiliated Dealer Manager 
 
 The dealer manager is an affiliate of CIM. This relationship may have created conflicts in connection with the dealer manager s due diligence obligations under the federal securities laws. Although the dealer manager examined the information in the prospectus for accuracy and completeness, due to its affiliation with CIM, no independent review of us was made in connection with the distribution of shares in the offering, which ended on January 25, 2019. 
 
 Co-Investment Opportunities 
 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory restrictions in negotiating or investing in certain investments with entities with which we may be prohibited from doing so under the 1940 Act, such as CIM and its affiliates, unless we obtain an exemptive order from the SEC, which Order was issued by the SEC on August 30, 2022. 
 
 Pursuant to such Order, we generally are permitted to co-invest with certain of our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies, (3) the investment by our affiliates would not disadvantage us, and our participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which our affiliates are investing, and (4) the proposed investment by us would not benefit CIM or its affiliates or any affiliated person of any of them (other than the parties to the transaction), except to the extent permitted by the Order and applicable law, including the limitations set forth in Section 57(k) of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Order permits us to co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds, even if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. Even though we were granted the Order by the SEC, CIM s investment committee may determine that we should not participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 
 Material Non-Public Information 
 
 Our senior management, members of CIM s investment committee and other investment professionals from CIM may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest or in which we are considering making an investment. Through these and other relationships with a company, these individuals may obtain material non-public information that might restrict our ability to buy or sell the securities of such company under the policies of the company or applicable law. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 RSM US LLP, or RSM, has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since March 26, 2019 and has been selected to continue serving as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. We know of no direct financial or material indirect financial interest of RSM in us. 
 160 

Fees 
 
 RSM has acted as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Set forth in the table below are audit fees and non-audit related fees billed to us by RSM for professional services performed for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Fiscal Year Audit Fees Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees 2022 858,610 22,500 2021 715,981 
 
 Audit Fees consist of fees billed to us by RSM for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements. These fees billed include fees related to RSM's review of our debt offering document. Audit-Related Fees are those fees billed to us by RSM relating to audit services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. Tax Fees are those fees billed to us by RSM in connection with tax compliance services, including primarily the review of our income tax returns. All Other Fees are those fees billed to us by RSM in connection with permitted non-audit services. 
 Our audit committee reviews, negotiates and approves in advance the scope of work, any related engagement letter and the fees to be charged by the independent registered public accounting firm for audit services and permitted non-audit services for us. All of the audit and non-audit services described above for which RSM billed us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the audit committee. 
 
 Audit Committee Report (1) 
 
 As part of its oversight of the financial statements of C ON Investment Corporation, or the Company, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with both management and RSM US LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the Company s consolidated financial statements to be filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Management advised the Audit Committee that all financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and reviewed significant accounting issues with the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee also discussed with RSM US LLP the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol. 1 AU section 380), as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T, and by the Auditing Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
 The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax, and other services to be provided by RSM US LLP. Pursuant to the policy, the Audit Committee pre-approves the audit and non-audit services performed by RSM US LLP in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair such firm s independence. 
 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax, and other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval in accordance with its pre-approval policy, irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by RSM US LLP to management. 
 
 The Audit Committee received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letters from RSM US LLP required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding RSM US LLP s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with RSM US LLP its independence. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audit fees paid by the Company to RSM US LLP. It has also reviewed non-audit services and fees to assure compliance with the Company s and the Audit Committee s policies restricting RSM US LLP from performing services that might impair its independence. 
 161 

Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the SEC. 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 The Audit Committee 
 Aron I. Schwartz, Chair 
 Robert A. Breakstone 
 Peter I. Finlay 
 Earl V. Hedin 
 Catherine K. Choi 
 Edward J. Estrada 
 _______________________ 
 (1) The material in this report is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 162 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 See the index to consolidated financial statements included as Item 8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K hereof. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 2.1 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and between Park South Funding, LLC and Credit Suisse Alternative Capital, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 3.1 Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021(File No. 814-00941)). 
 3.3 Bylaws of C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (B) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)). 
 4.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan of C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 8, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 4.2 Distribution Reinvestment Plan of C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.2 Custody Agreement by and between C ON Investment Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (J) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)). 
 10.3 Third Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2020, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.4 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2016, by and between 34th Street Funding, LLC and C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.5 Master Participation Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2016, by and between 34th Street Funding, LLC and C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Portfolio Management Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and among 34th Street Funding, LLC, CION Investment Management, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.7 Contribution Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, by and among CION Investment Corporation, Murray Hill Funding, LLC and Murray Hill Funding II, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.8 Murray Hill Funding II, LLC Class A Notes Due 2027 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 

163 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 10.9 Contribution Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, by and among UBS AG, London Branch, Murray Hill Funding II, LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, Murray Hill Funding, LLC and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.10 October 2000 Version Global Master Repurchase Agreement, by and between UBS AG and Murray Hill Funding, LLC, together with the related Annex and Master Confirmation thereto, each dated as of May 19, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.11 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, by and between CION Investment Management, LLC and Murray Hill Funding II, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.12 Collateral Administration Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, by and among Murray Hill Funding II, LLC, CION Investment Management, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.13 Murray Hill Funding II, LLC Class A Notes Due 2027 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2017 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.14 Administration Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2018, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2018 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.15 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2020, by and among 34th Street Funding, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.16 Fourth Amended and Restated Master Confirmation to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020, by and between Murray Hill Funding, LLC and UBS AG (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.17 Revolving Credit Note Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020, by and among Murray Hill Funding II, LLC, Murray Hill Funding, LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, and the Class A-R Noteholders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.18 Murray Hill Funding II, LLC Class A-R Notes Due 2027 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.19 Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2020, by and between Murray Hill Funding II, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.20 Master Confirmation to the Global Master Repurchase Agreement (Class A-R Notes), dated as of December 17, 2020, by and between Murray Hill Funding, LLC and UBS AG (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.21 Note Purchase Agreement of C ON Investment Corporation related to the 2026 Notes, dated as of February 11, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.22 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and among 34th Street Funding, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.23 Unsecured Term Loan Facility Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and More Provident Funds Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.24 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and among 34th Street Funding, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association and CION Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 10.25 Unsecured Term Loan Facility Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and More Provident Funds and Pension Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022 (File No. 814-00941)). 

164 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 10.26 Deed of Trust, dated as of February 20, 2023, by and between C ON Investment Corporation and Mishmeret Trust Company Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 14.1 Code of Ethics of C ON Investment Corporation, CION Investment Management, LLC, CION Management, LLC and Affiliated Advisers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019 (File No. 814-00941)). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of C ON Investment Corporation. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 165 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 166 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 15, 2023 
 C ON Investment Corporation 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ Michael A. Reisner 
 Michael A. Reisner 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 By: /s/ Mark Gatto 
 Mark Gatto 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: March 15, 2023 
 C ON Investment Corporation 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ Michael A. Reisner 
 Michael A. Reisner 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: /s/ Mark Gatto 
 Mark Gatto 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: /s/ Keith S. Franz 
 Keith S. Franz 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 By: /s/ Robert A. Breakstone 
 Robert A. Breakstone 
 Director 
 By: /s/ Peter I. Finlay 
 Peter I. Finlay 
 Director 
 167 

By: /s/ Aron I. Schwartz 
 Aron I. Schwartz 
 Director 
 By: /s/ Earl V. Hedin 
 Earl V. Hedin 
 Director 
 By: /s/ Catherine K. Choi 
 Catherine K. Choi 
 Director 
 By: /s/ Edward J. Estrada 
 Edward J. Estrada 
 Director 
 168 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 cion-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 cion-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 cion-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 cion-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 cion-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 cion-123122x10kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF C ON INVESTMENT CORPORATION Name 
 Jurisdiction 
 34 th Street Funding, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 CION Agent, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 Murray Hill Funding, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 Murray Hill Funding II, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 Park South, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 View ITC, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 View North, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 View NWN, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 View Rise, LLC 
 DELAWARE 
 View Speed, LLC 
 DELAWARE 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 exhibit231consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (No. 333-262446) of C ON Investment Corporation of our reports dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of C ON Investment Corporation as of December 31, 2022, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of C ON Investment Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Controls and Procedures in the Form 10-K. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 cionex-311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael A. Reisner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of C ON Investment Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 s Michael A. Reisner 
 Michael A. Reisner 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 cionex-312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark Gatto, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of C ON Investment Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 s Mark Gatto 
 Mark Gatto 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 11
 cionex-313q42022.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Keith S. Franz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of C ON Investment Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 s Keith S. Franz 
 Keith S. Franz 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 cionex-321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael A. Reisner, Co-Chief Executive Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of C ON Investment Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 s Michael A. Reisner 
 Michael A. Reisner 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 cionex-322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark Gatto, Co-Chief Executive Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of C ON Investment Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Mark Gatto 
 Mark Gatto 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 14
 cionex-323q42022.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Keith S. Franz, Chief Financial Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of C ON Investment Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 s Keith S. Franz 
 Keith S. Franz 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 C ON Investment Corporation 

</EX-32.3>

