<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1039684_0001039684-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26193524</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>425783</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9798676</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7386810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4400557</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3810546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001039684-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001039684-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONEOK INC /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION [4923]
		IRS NUMBER:				731520922
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13643
		FILM NUMBER:		23686085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WEST 5TH ST
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9185887000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WEST 5TH ST
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WAI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970519

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001039684-23-000016.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 oke-20221231.htm
 OKE 10-K 2022

oke-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________. 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No . 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indic ate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No . 
 
 Aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates based on the closing trade price on June 30, 2022, was billion. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
 
 Part I. 
 Page No. Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 Part II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 102 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 104 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 104 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 105 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 113 
 Signatures 
 114 

As used in this Annual Report, references to we, our, or us refer to ONEOK, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY 
 
 The abbreviations, acronyms and industry terminology used in this Annual Report are defined as follows: 
 1.5 Billion Term Loan Agreement The senior unsecured delayed-draw three-year 1.5 billion term loan agreement dated November 19, 2018 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement ONEOK s 2.5 billion revolving credit agreement, as amended and restated AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction Annual Report Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 ASU Accounting Standards Update Bbl Barrels, 1 barrel is equivalent to 42 United States gallons BBtu/d Billion British thermal units per day Bcf Billion cubic feet Bcf/d Billion cubic feet per day Btu British thermal unit CFTC United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission Clean Air Act Federal Clean Air Act, as amended Clean Water Act Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972, as amended COVID-19 Coronavirus disease 2019, including variants thereof DJ Denver-Julesburg DOT United States Department of Transportation EBITDA Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings per share of common stock ESG Environmental, social and governance Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Fitch Fitch Ratings, Inc. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America Guardian Guardian Pipeline, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK, Inc. Guardian Term Loan Agreement Guardian s senior unsecured three-year 120 million term loan agreement dated June 24, 2022 GHG Greenhouse gas Homeland Security United States Department of Homeland Security ICE Intercontinental Exchange Inflation Reduction Act Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 Intermediate Partnership ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership, a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK Partners, L.P. 
 KCC Kansas Corporation Commission LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate MBbl/d Thousand barrels per day MDth/d Thousand dekatherms per day MMBbl Million barrels MMBbl/d Million barrels per day MMBtu Million British thermal units MMcf/d Million cubic feet per day Moody s Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Natural Gas Act Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended Natural Gas Policy Act Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended NGL(s) Natural gas liquid(s) Northern Border Northern Border Pipeline Company, a 50 owned joint venture NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange NYSE New York Stock Exchange OCC Oklahoma Corporation Commission ONEOK ONEOK, Inc. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK Partners ONEOK Partners, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK, Inc. OPIS Oil Price Information Service Overland Pass Overland Pass Pipeline Company, LLC, a 50 owned joint venture 
 PHMSA United States Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
 POP Percent of Proceeds Purity NGLs Marketable natural gas liquid purity products, such as ethane, ethane/propane mix, propane, iso-butane, normal butane and natural gasoline 
 Quarterly Report(s) Quarterly Report(s) on Form 10-Q Roadrunner Roadrunner Gas Transmission, LLC, a 50 owned joint venture RRC Railroad Commission of Texas S P S P Global Ratings SCOOP South Central Oklahoma Oil Province, an area in the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma 
 SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Series E Preferred Stock Series E Non-Voting, Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate STACK Sooner Trend Anadarko Canadian Kingfisher, an area in the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma 
 Term SOFR The forward-looking term rate based on SOFR Viking Viking Gas Transmission Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK, Inc. WTI West Texas Intermediate XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language 
 
 The statements in this Annual Report that are not historical information, including statements concerning plans and objectives of management for future operations, economic performance or related assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, guidance, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, potential, project, scheduled, should, target, will, would and other words and terms of similar meaning. Although we believe that our expectations regarding future events are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that such expectations or assumptions will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are described under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Forward-Looking Statements, in this Annual Report. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

GENERAL 
 
 We are incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma, and our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol OKE. We are a leading midstream service provider and own one of the nation s premier NGL systems, connecting NGL supply in the Rocky Mountain, Permian and Mid-Continent regions with key market centers and own an extensive network of gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage assets. We apply our core capabilities of gathering, processing, fractionating, transporting, storing and marketing natural gas and NGLs through vertical integration across the midstream value chain to provide our customers with premium services while generating consistent and sustainable earnings growth. 
 Midstream Value Chain 
 Legend 
 We are connected to supply in natural gas and NGL producing basins and have significant basin diversification, including the Williston, Permian, Powder River and DJ Basins, and the SCOOP and STACK areas. In our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, we have more than 3 million dedicated acres in the Williston Basin and approximately 300,000 dedicated acres in the SCOOP and STACK areas. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, we are the largest NGL takeaway provider in the Williston and Powder River Basins; Oklahoma, including the SCOOP and STACK areas; Kansas; and the Texas Panhandle. We also have a significant presence in the Permian Basin. Natural Gas Gathering Processing 
 Natural Gas Liquids 
 Natural Gas Pipelines 
 Raw natural gas is typically gathered at the wellhead, compressed and transported through pipelines to our processing facilities. Most raw natural gas produced at the wellhead also contains a mixture of NGL components, including ethane, propane, iso-butane, normal butane and natural gasoline. Gathered wellhead natural gas is directed to our processing plants to remove NGLs, resulting in residue natural gas (primarily methane). Once processed, residue natural gas is recompressed and delivered to intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines primarily in our Natural Gas Pipelines segment. 
 NGLs extracted at natural gas processing plants, both third-party and our own, are then gathered by our NGL gathering pipelines. Gathered NGLs are directed to our downstream fractionators in the Mid-Continent region and Mont Belvieu, Texas, to be separated into purity products. Residue natural gas is transported to storage facilities and end users, such as large industrial customers, natural gas and electric utilities serving commercial and residential consumers, and can ultimately reach international markets through liquefied natural gas exports and cross-border pipelines. Purity products are stored or distributed to our customers, such as petrochemical companies, propane distributors, heating fuel users, ethanol producers, refineries and exporters. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 Business Update and Market Conditions - We experienced earnings growth in 2022, compared with 2021, due primarily to increased producer activity across our operations, higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging, and higher average fee rates. In 2023, we expect to benefit from higher volumes, our completed Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant and the expected completion of our MB-5 NGL fractionator, highlighting our extensive and integrated assets that are located in some of the most productive shale basins in the United States. Although the energy industry has experienced many commodity cycles, we have positioned ourselves to reduce exposure to direct commodity price volatility. Each of our three segments are primarily fee-based, and our consolidated earnings were approximately 90 fee-based in 2022. While our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment s earnings are primarily fee-based, we have direct commodity price exposure related primarily to our fee with POP contracts, and we have hedged approximately 70 of our forecasted equity volumes for 2023. In addition, our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids segments are exposed to volumetric risk as a result of drilling and well completion activity, severe weather disruptions, operational outages, global crude oil, NGL and natural gas demand, changes in gas-to-oil ratios and normal volumetric well declines. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment is not exposed to significant volumetric risk due to nearly all of our capacity being subscribed under long-term, firm fee-based contracts. 
 
 Medford Incident - On July 9, 2022, a fire occurred at our 210 MBbl/d Medford, Oklahoma, NGL fractionation facility. All personnel were safe and accounted for with temporary evacuations of local residents taken as a precautionary measure. On January 9, 2023, we reached an agreement with our insurers to settle all claims for physical damage and business interruption related to the Medford incident. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to resolve the claims for total insurance payments of 930 million, 100 million of which was received in 2022. The remaining 830 million was received in the first quarter 2023. The proceeds serve as settlement for property damage, business interruption claims to the date of the settlement and as payment in lieu of future business interruption insurance claims. Subsequent to settling the insurance claims, we announced plans to construct MB-6, a new 125 MBbl/d NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas. 
 
 See Part II, Item 7, Recent Developments, in this Annual Report for more information on the Medford incident. 
 
 Geopolitical events and supply chain - Geopolitical events have disrupted global supply chains and caused volatile commodity prices for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil. The United States has banned the import of oil and other energy commodities from Russia, and European countries have taken steps to reduce imports of Russian oil and natural gas. In addition, a continued Gulf Coast liquified natural gas facility outage has further disrupted the overseas and domestic natural gas markets. These events have highlighted the importance of a strong national energy supply and infrastructure supporting the United States economy and national security. We operate an integrated, reliable, resilient and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent, Permian and Gulf Coast regions with key market centers. We believe our assets are well positioned to provide midstream services to producers and end-use markets as they respond to domestic and international demand. 
 
 Inflation - Inflation in the United States increased significantly in late 2021 and 2022. This rise in inflation generally resulted in higher costs in 2022. However, many of our NGL and natural gas processing contracts include fee escalators or fuel recovery mechanisms that fully offset the increase in costs in 2022. While we expect inflation to remain elevated, we do not expect a material impact on our results of operations as a result of these contract escalators. 
 
 Winter weather - In the second and fourth quarters of 2022, we experienced winter weather events in the Rocky Mountain region that brought disruptions to our operations. Our employees in the region were prepared and made the necessary operational adjustments to maintain the safety of our employees, their families and our assets. Region-wide power outages in the second quarter and blizzard conditions in both quarters negatively impacted the gathered and processed volumes in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, and NGL volumes, including volumes from third parties, delivered to and transported by our Natural Gas Liquids segment. 
 
 See Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in this Annual Report for more information on our exposure to market risk. 
 
 Sustainability and Social Responsibility - In 2023, we qualified for inclusion in the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the third year in a row. In 2022, we received an MSCI ESG Rating of AAA and received a perfect score of 100 in the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Additionally, in 2022, our ESG Risk Rating was in the lowest-risk quintile of the Sustainalytics refiners and pipelines industry, indicating that our ESG risk management is in the top 20 of our industry. 
 
 In September 2021, we announced a companywide absolute GHG emissions reduction target of 2.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents from our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2030. The target represents a 30 
 6 

Table of Contents 

reduction in combined operational Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions attributable to ONEOK assets as of December 31, 2019. We have achieved reductions totaling approximately 0.5 million metric tons of the targeted 2.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents, primarily as a result of methane emissions mitigation, system optimizations, electrification of certain natural gas compression equipment and lower carbon-based electricity in states in which we operate. We continue to look for ways to reduce our GHG emissions and utilize more efficient technologies. We are evaluating the development of renewable energy and low-carbon projects, including opportunities that may complement our extensive midstream assets and expertise. 
 
 For more information on our GHG emissions, see GHG emissions in the Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters section. 
 
 Capital Ventures Opportunity - In 2022, we formed a capital ventures team focused on pursuing investments in early-stage energy technology companies. During the third quarter 2022, we reached an agreement between us, several other Oklahoma energy companies and organizations and an established energy-focused venture capital firm to commit funds of up to 50 million, collectively, toward a new venture capital fund. We also intend to make direct equity investments in early-stage energy technology companies that help to improve our operations and are aligned with energy transformation. We completed our first direct equity energy investment during the fourth quarter 2022 in a hyperspectral satellite company that is expected to increase our and the industry s asset monitoring capabilities. 
 
 Natural Gas - In our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, we benefited from increased volumes, higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging, and higher average fee rates in 2022, compared with 2021, due primarily to increased producer activity in the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions, offset partially by the impact of winter weather in the Rocky Mountain region in 2022. We expect additional earnings benefit in 2023 due to the completion of our 200 MMcf/d Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant in the first quarter, which increased our total processing capacity to approximately 1.9 Bcf/d in the Williston Basin. 
 
 In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, continued demand from local distribution companies, electric-generation facilities and large industrial companies resulted in low-cost expansions that position us well to provide additional services to our customers. In April 2022, we completed a 1.1 Bcf expansion of our Texas natural gas storage facilities capacities, and the expansion is fully subscribed through 2032. We are currently expanding the injection capabilities of our Oklahoma natural gas storage facilities which will allow us to utilize and subscribe an additional 4 Bcf of our existing storage capacity, with expected completion in the second quarter 2023. We have subscribed 100 of the incremental 4 Bcf of storage capacity through 2027 and 90 through 2029. In addition, we have begun the electrification of certain compression assets for Viking to improve the reliability of our operations while lowering our Scope 1 emissions from this equipment. This project is expected to cost approximately 95 million and be completed in the third quarter 2023. Viking will seek to recover its investment in the project through a proposed change in rates expected to be filed in third quarter 2023. 
 
 NGLs - In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, we benefited from increased volumes and higher average fee rates in 2022, compared with 2021, from increased production in the Rocky Mountain region and the Permian Basin, offset partially by higher costs. In addition , we expect to benefit from the completion of our 125 MBbl/d MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas, in the second quarter 2023. 
 
 See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our growth projects, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
 Our mission is to deliver energy products and services vital to an advancing world. Our vision is to create exceptional value for our stakeholders by providing solutions for a transforming energy future. Our business strategy is focused on: 
 Zero incidents - we commit to developing processes to drive a zero-incident culture for the well-being of our employees, contractors and communities. Safety and environmental responsibility continue to be primary areas of focus for us, and our emphasis on safety has produced improving trends in the key indicators we track. 
 Highly engaged workforce - we strive to be an employer of choice and continue to focus on attracting, selecting and retaining talent, advancing an inclusive, diverse and engaged culture and developing individuals and leaders. 
 Sustainable business model - we aim to maintain prudent financial strength and flexibility while operating a safe, reliable and resilient asset base. We seek to maintain investment-grade credit ratings and a strong balance sheet. We believe our internally generated cash flows will allow us to fund capital-growth projects in our existing operating regions and to provide value-added products and services that contribute to long-term growth, profitability and 
 7 

Table of Contents 

business diversification. We continue to actively research opportunities that will complement our extensive midstream assets and expertise, strengthening the role we expect to play in the transformation to a lower-carbon economy. 
 Maximizing total shareholder return - we plan to grow earnings and sustain our dividend by efficiently allocating capital to investments that produce returns above our cost of capital. Producing consistent and strong returns on invested capital will allow us to not only reward our shareholders but also provide the means and opportunity to serve our additional stakeholders, including employees, communities and the environment. 
 
 NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 We report operations in the following business segments: 
 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; 
 Natural Gas Liquids; and 
 Natural Gas Pipelines. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Natural Gas Gathering and Processing 
 
 Overview - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment provides midstream services to producers in North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, Kansas and Oklahoma. 
 
 Rocky Mountain region - The Williston Basin is located in portions of North Dakota and Montana and includes the oil-producing, NGL-rich Bakken Shale and Three Forks formations. 
 
 The Powder River Basin is primarily located in Wyoming, which includes the NGL-rich Niobrara Shale and Frontier and Turner formations where we provide gathering and processing services to customers in the eastern portion of the state. 
 
 Mid-Continent region - The Mid-Continent region includes the oil-producing, NGL-rich SCOOP and STACK areas including the Cana-Woodford Shale, Woodford Shale, Springer Shale, Meramec, Granite Wash and Mississippian Lime formations of Oklahoma and the Hugoton Basin in Kansas. 

Property - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment includes the following assets: 
 17,200 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines; 
 14 natural gas processing plants with 1.9 Bcf/d of processing capacity in the Rocky Mountain region, and nine natural gas processing plants with 0.9 Bcf/d of processing capacity in the Mid-Continent region, and up to 150 MMcf/d of processing capacity in the Mid-Continent region through a long-term processing services agreement with an unaffiliated third party; and 
 14 MBbl/d of NGL fractionation capacity and 26 MBbl/d of de-ethanizer capacity at various natural gas processing plants. 
 
 We recently completed the construction of our 200 MMcf/d Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant in the Williston Basin, which is included in the assets listed above. 
 
 See Recent Developments in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our growth projects. 
 
 Sources of Earnings - Earnings for this segment are derived primarily from the following types of service contracts: 
 Fee with POP contracts with no producer take-in-kind rights - We purchase raw natural gas and charge contractual fees for providing midstream services, which include gathering, treating, compressing and processing the producer s natural gas. After performing these services, we sell the commodities and remit a portion of the commodity sales 
 9 

Table of Contents 

proceeds to the producer less our contractual fees. This type of contract represented 73 of supply volumes in this segment for 2022 and 2021. 
 Fee with POP contracts with producer take-in-kind rights - We purchase a portion of the raw natural gas stream, charge fees for providing the midstream services listed above, return primarily the residue natural gas to the producer, sell the remaining commodities and remit a portion of the commodity sales proceeds to the producer less our contractual fees. This type of contract represented 20 of supply volumes in this segment for 2022 and 2021. 
 Fee-only - Under this type of contract, we charge a fee for the midstream services we provide, based on volumes gathered, processed, treated and/or compressed. Our fee-only contracts represented 7 of supply volumes in this segment for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 For commodity sales, we contract to deliver residue natural gas, condensate and/or unfractionated NGLs to downstream customers at a specified delivery point. Our sales of NGLs are primarily to our affiliate in the Natural Gas Liquids segment. 
 
 Utilization - The utilization rates for our natural gas processing plants were 70 and 69 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to increased producer activity in the Rocky Mountain region and the SCOOP and STACK areas of Oklahoma. Our 2022 utilization rates were also impacted by winter weather in the Rocky Mountain region in the second and fourth quarters of 2022 and the full year impact of the capacity made available by the Bear Creek plant expansion, which was placed in-service in the fourth quarter 2021. We calculate utilization rates using a weighted-average approach, adjusting for the dates that assets were placed in or removed from service. 
 
 Unconsolidated Affiliates - Our unconsolidated affiliates in this segment are not material. 
 
 See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of our unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Government Regulation - The FERC traditionally has maintained that a natural gas processing plant is not a facility for the transportation or sale of natural gas in interstate commerce and, therefore, is not subject to jurisdiction under the Natural Gas Act. Although the FERC has made no specific declaration as to the jurisdictional status of our natural gas processing operations or facilities, our natural gas processing plants are primarily involved in extracting NGLs and, therefore, are exempt from FERC jurisdiction. The Natural Gas Act also exempts natural gas gathering facilities from the jurisdiction of the FERC. We believe our natural gas gathering facilities, upstream of our natural gas processing plants, meet the criteria used by the FERC for non-jurisdictional natural gas gathering facility status. Interstate transmission facilities remain subject to FERC jurisdiction. The FERC has historically distinguished between these two types of facilities, either interstate or intrastate, on a fact-specific basis. We transport residue natural gas from certain of our natural gas processing plants to interstate pipelines in accordance with Section 311(a) of the Natural Gas Policy Act. Oklahoma, Kansas, Wyoming, Montana and North Dakota also have statutes regulating, to varying degrees, the gathering of natural gas in those states. In each state, regulation is applied on a case-by-case basis if a complaint is filed against the gatherer with the appropriate state regulatory agency. 
 
 See further discussion in the Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters section. 

Natural Gas Liquids 
 
 Overview - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment owns and operates facilities that gather, fractionate, treat and distribute NGLs and store purity NGLs, primarily in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, New Mexico and the Rocky Mountain region, which includes the Williston, Powder River and DJ Basins. We provide midstream services to producers of NGLs and deliver those products to the two primary market centers: one in the Mid-Continent in Conway, Kansas, and the other in the Gulf Coast in Mont Belvieu, Texas. We own or have an ownership interest in FERC-regulated NGL gathering and distribution pipelines in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, New Mexico, Montana, North Dakota, Wyoming and Colorado, and terminal and storage facilities in Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois. We have a 50 ownership interest in Overland Pass, which operates an interstate NGL pipeline originating in Wyoming and Colorado and terminating in Kansas. The majority of the pipeline-connected natural gas processing plants in the Williston Basin, Oklahoma, Kansas and the Texas Panhandle are connected to our NGL gathering systems. We lease rail cars and own and operate truck- and rail-loading and -unloading facilities connected to our NGL fractionation, storage and pipeline assets. We also own FERC-regulated NGL distribution pipelines in Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois and Indiana that connect our Mid-Continent assets with Midwest markets, including Chicago, Illinois. A portion of our ONEOK North System transports refined petroleum products, including unleaded gasoline and diesel, from Kansas to Iowa. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Property - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment includes the following assets: 
 9,140 miles of gathering pipelines with operating capacity of 1,790 MBbl/d, including 6,350 miles of FERC-regulated pipelines with operating capacity of 1,490 MBbl/d; 
 4,350 miles of distribution pipelines with operating capacity of 1,150 MBbl/d, including 4,180 miles of FERC-regulated pipelines with operating capacity of 1,080 MBbl/d; 
 seven NGL fractionators with combined operating capacity of 710 MBbl/d (includes interests in our proportional share of operating capacity), including 310 MBbl/d in the Mid-Continent region and 400 MBbl/d in the Gulf Coast region; 
 one isomerization unit with operating capacity of 10 MBbl/d; 
 one ethane/propane splitter with operating capacity of 40 MBbl/d; 
 six NGL storage facilities with operating storage capacity of 30 MMBbl; and 
 eight purity NGLs terminals. 
 
 In addition, we lease 10 MMBbl of annual pipeline capacity near our ONEOK North System and have access to 5 MMBbl of combined NGL storage capacity at facilities in Kansas and Texas and 60 MBbl/d of NGL fractionation capacity in the Gulf Coast through service agreements. 
 
 We are in the process of constructing our 125 MBbl/d MB-5 and MB-6 NGL fractionators in Mont Belvieu, Texas. The additional capacity from these projects is excluded from the assets listed above. As a result of the Medford incident, our 210 MBbl/d NGL fractionator in Medford, Oklahoma, is no longer operational and is excluded from the assets listed above. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

See Recent Developments in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our growth projects. 
 
 Sources of Earnings - Earnings for our Natural Gas Liquids segment are derived primarily from commodity sales and purchases and fee-based services. We purchase NGLs and condensate from third parties, as well as from our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Our business activities are categorized as follows: 
 Exchange services - We utilize our assets to gather, transport, treat and fractionate unfractionated NGLs, thereby converting them into marketable purity NGLs delivered to a market center or customer-designated location. Some of these exchange volumes are under contracts with minimum volume commitments that provide a minimum level of revenues regardless of volumetric throughput. Our exchange services activities are primarily fee-based and include some rate-regulated tariffs; however, we also capture certain product price differentials through the fractionation process. 
 Transportation and storage services - We transport purity NGLs and refined petroleum products, primarily under FERC-regulated tariffs. Tariffs specify the maximum rates we may charge our customers and the general terms and conditions for transportation service on our pipelines. Our storage activities consist primarily of fee-based NGL storage services at our Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast storage facilities. 
 Optimization and marketing - We utilize our assets, contract portfolio and market knowledge to capture location, product and seasonal price differentials through the purchase and sale of unfractionated NGLs and purity NGLs. We primarily transport purity NGLs between Conway, Kansas, and Mont Belvieu, Texas, to capture the location price differentials between the two market centers. Our marketing activities also include utilizing our NGL storage facilities to capture seasonal price differentials and serving truck and rail markets. Our isomerization activities capture the price differential when normal butane is converted into the more valuable iso-butane at our isomerization unit in Conway, Kansas. 
 
 In the majority of our exchange services contracts, we purchase the unfractionated NGLs at the tailgate of the processing plant and deduct contractual fees related to the transportation and fractionation services we must perform before we can sell them as purity NGLs. To the extent we hold unfractionated NGLs in inventory, the related contractual fees are not recognized until the unfractionated inventory is fractionated and sold. 
 
 Utilization - Increased volumes and decreased capacity, related to capacity constraints after the Medford incident, drove higher utilization rates at our NGL fractionators. The utilization rates for 2022 and 2021, respectively, were as follows: 
 our NGL gathering pipelines were 62 and 61 ; 
 our NGL distribution pipelines were 49 and 51 ; and 
 our NGL fractionators were 97 and 91 . 
 
 We calculate utilization rates using a weighted-average approach, adjusting for the dates that assets were placed in or removed from service. Our fractionation utilization rate reflects approximate proportional capacity associated with our ownership interests. 
 
 Unconsolidated Affiliates - We have a 50 ownership interest in Overland Pass, which operates an interstate NGL pipeline system extending 760 miles, originating in Wyoming and Colorado and terminating in Kansas. Our other unconsolidated affiliates in this segment are not material. 
 
 See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Government Regulation - The operations and revenues of our NGL pipelines are regulated by various state and federal government agencies. Our interstate NGL pipelines are regulated under the Interstate Commerce Act, which gives the FERC jurisdiction to regulate the terms and conditions of service, rates, including depreciation and amortization policies, and initiation of service. In Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas, certain aspects of our intrastate NGL pipelines that provide common carrier service are subject to the jurisdiction of the OCC, KCC and RRC, respectively. 
 
 See further discussion in the Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters section. 

Natural Gas Pipelines 
 
 Overview - In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, our assets are connected to key supply areas and demand centers, including export markets in Mexico via Roadrunner and supply areas in Canada and the United States via our interstate and intrastate 
 12 

Table of Contents 

natural gas pipelines and Northern Border, which enables us to provide essential natural gas transportation and storage services. Continued demand from local distribution companies, electric-generation facilities and large industrial companies resulted in low-cost expansions that position us well to provide additional services to our customers when needed. 
 
 Intrastate Pipelines and Storage - Our intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage assets are located in Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas. Our intrastate pipeline and storage companies include : 
 ONEOK Gas Transportation, which transports natural gas throughout the state of Oklahoma and has access to the major natural gas production areas in the Mid-Continent region, which include the SCOOP and STACK areas and the Cana-Woodford Shale, Woodford Shale, Springer Shale, Meramec, Granite Wash and Mississippian Lime formations. ONEOK Gas Transportation is connected to our ONEOK Gas Storage storage fields in Oklahoma, which provide 46 Bcf of working gas storage capacity; and 
 ONEOK WesTex Transmission, which transports natural gas throughout the western portion of the state of Texas, including the Waha area where other pipelines may be accessed for transportation to western markets, exports to Mexico, several markets to the southeast along the Gulf Coast, including the Houston Ship Channel, and the Mid-Continent market to the north. It has access to major natural gas producing formations in the Texas Panhandle, including the Granite Wash formation and Delaware and Midland Basins in the Permian Basin. ONEOK WesTex Transmission is connected to our ONEOK Texas Gas Storage storage fields, which provide 5 Bcf of working gas storage capacity. 
 
 Interstate Pipelines - Our interstate pipelines are regulated by the FERC and are located in North Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee, Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. Our interstate pipeline companies include: 
 Guardian, which interconnects with several pipelines at the Chicago Hub near Joliet, Illinois, and with local natural gas distribution and electric generation companies in Wisconsin; 
 Midwestern Gas Transmission, which is a bidirectional system that interconnects with Tennessee Gas Transmission Company s pipeline near Portland, Tennessee, and with multiple interstate pipelines that have access to both the Utica Shale and the Marcellus Shale, and multiple interstate pipelines at the Chicago Hub near Joliet, Illinois; 
 Viking, which is a bidirectional system that interconnects with a TC Energy Corporation pipeline at the United States border near Emerson, Canada, and ANR Pipeline Company near Marshfield, Wisconsin; and 
 OkTex Pipeline, which has interconnections with several pipelines in Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Property - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment includes the following assets: 
 5,100 miles of state-regulated intrastate transmission pipelines with transportation capacity of 4.4 Bcf/d; 
 1,500 miles of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines with 3.5 Bcf/d of transportation capacity; and 
 six underground natural gas storage facilities with 53.3 Bcf of total active working natural gas storage capacity. 
 
 Our storage includes two underground natural gas storage facilities in Oklahoma, two underground natural gas storage facilities in Kansas and two underground natural gas storage facilities in Texas. We are in the process of expanding the injection capabilities of our Oklahoma natural gas storage facilities which will allow us to utilize and subscribe an additional 4 Bcf of our existing storage capacity. 
 
 We are also exploring reactivating previously idled storage facilities in Oklahoma and Texas, which are not included in the capacity above. 
 
 Sources of Earnings - Earnings in this segment are derived primarily from transportation and storage services. 
 
 Our transportation earnings are primarily fee-based from the following types of services: 
 Firm service - Customers reserve a fixed quantity of pipeline capacity for a specified period of time, which obligates the customer to pay regardless of usage. Under this type of contract, the customer pays a monthly fixed fee and incremental fees, known as commodity charges, which are based on the actual volumes of natural gas they transport or store. Under the firm service contract, the customer generally is guaranteed access to the capacity they reserve. 
 Interruptible service - Under interruptible service transportation agreements, the customer may utilize available capacity after firm service requests are satisfied. The customer is not guaranteed use of our pipelines unless excess capacity is available. 
 
 Our regulated natural gas transportation services contracts are based upon rates stated in the respective tariffs, which have generally been established through shipper specific negotiation, discounts and negotiated settlements. The rates are filed with FERC or the appropriate state jurisdictional agencies. In addition, customers typically are assessed fees, such as a commodity charge, and we may retain a percentage of natural gas in-kind for our compression services. 
 
 Our storage earnings are primarily fee-based from the following types of services: 
 Firm service - Customers reserve a specific quantity of storage capacity, including injection and withdrawal rights, and generally pay fixed fees based on the quantity of capacity reserved plus an injection and withdrawal fee. Firm storage contracts typically have terms longer than one year. 
 Park-and-loan service - An interruptible storage service offered to customers providing the ability to park (inject) or loan (withdraw) natural gas into or out of our storage, typically for monthly or seasonal terms. Customers reserve the right to park or loan natural gas based on a specified quantity, including injection and withdrawal rights when capacity is available. 
 
 Utilization - Our natural gas pipelines were 94 and 95 subscribed in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and our natural gas storage facilities were 77 and 70 subscribed in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Unconsolidated Affiliates - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment includes the following unconsolidated affiliates: 
 50 ownership interest in Northern Border, which owns a FERC-regulated interstate pipeline that transports natural gas from the Montana-Saskatchewan border near Port of Morgan, Montana, and the Williston Basin in North Dakota to a terminus near North Hayden, Indiana. 
 50 ownership interest in Roadrunner, a bidirectional pipeline, which has the capacity to transport 570 MMcf/d of natural gas from the Permian Basin in West Texas to the Mexican border near El Paso, Texas, and has capacity to transport approximately 1.0 Bcf/d of natural gas from the Delaware Basin to the Waha area. We are the operator of Roadrunner. 
 
 See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Government Regulation - Interstate - Our interstate natural gas pipelines are regulated under the Natural Gas Act, which gives the FERC jurisdiction to regulate virtually all aspects of this business, such as transportation of natural gas, rates and charges for services, construction of new facilities, depreciation and amortization policies, acquisition and disposition of facilities and the initiation and discontinuation of services. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Intrastate - Our intrastate natural gas pipelines in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas are regulated by the OCC, KCC and RRC, respectively, and by the FERC under the Natural Gas Policy Act for certain services where we deliver natural gas into FERC regulated natural gas pipelines. While we have flexibility in establishing natural gas transportation rates with customers, there is a maximum rate that we can charge our customers in Oklahoma and Kansas and for the services regulated by the FERC. In Texas and Kansas, natural gas storage may be regulated by the state and by the FERC for certain types of services. In Oklahoma, natural gas storage operations are not subject to rate regulation by the state, and we have market-based rate authority from the FERC for certain types of services. 
 
 See further discussion in the Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters section. 

Market Conditions and Seasonality 
 
 Supply and Demand - Supply for each of our segments depends on crude oil and natural gas drilling and production activities, which are driven by the strength of the economy and impacts of geopolitical events; natural gas, crude oil and NGL prices; the demand for each of these products from end users; the decline rate of existing production; producer access to capital and investment in the industry; or producer firm commitments to transportation pipelines. 
 
 Demand for gathering and processing services is dependent on natural gas production by producers in the regions in which we operate. Demand for NGLs and the ability of natural gas processors to successfully and economically sustain their operations affect the volume of unfractionated NGLs produced by natural gas processing plants, thereby affecting the demand for NGL gathering, transportation and fractionation services. Natural gas and purity NGLs are affected by the demand associated with the various industries that utilize the commodities, such as butanes and natural gasoline used by the refining industry as blending stocks for motor fuel, denaturant for ethanol and diluents for crude oil. Ethane, propane, butanes and natural gasoline are also used by the petrochemical industry to produce chemical components, used for a range of products that improve our daily lives and promote economic growth, including health care products, recyclable food packaging, clothing, technology, building materials, industrial, manufacturing and energy infrastructure, lightweight vehicle components and batteries. Propane is also used to heat homes and businesses. Demand for natural gas and NGLs is also impacted by global macroeconomic factors. 
 
 Commodity Prices - Our earnings are primarily fee-based in all three of our segments, however in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, we are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of retaining a portion of the commodity sales proceeds associated with our fee with POP contracts. We have hedged approximately 70 of our forecasted equity volumes for 2023. Under certain fee with POP contracts, our contractual fees and POP percentage may increase or decrease if production volumes, delivery pressures or commodity prices change relative to specified thresholds. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, we are exposed to commodity price risk associated with changes in the price of NGLs; the location differential between the Mid-Continent, Chicago, Illinois, and Gulf Coast regions; and the relative price differential between natural gas, NGLs and individual purity NGLs, which affect our NGL purchases and sales, our exchange services, transportation and storage services, and optimization and marketing financial results. NGL storage revenue may be affected by price volatility and forward pricing of NGL physical contracts versus the current price of NGLs on the spot market. In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, we are exposed to minimal commodity price risk associated with (i) changes in the price of natural gas, which impact our fuel costs and retained fuel in-kind received for our compression services; and (ii) the differential between forward pricing of natural gas physical contracts and the price of natural gas on the spot market, which may affect our customer demand for our natural gas storage services. 
 
 See additional discussion regarding our commodity price risk and related hedging activities under Commodity Price Risk in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, in this Annual Report. 
 
 Seasonality - Cold temperatures usually increase demand for natural gas and certain purity NGLs, such as propane, a heating fuel for homes and businesses. Warm temperatures usually increase demand for natural gas used in gas-fired electric generation for residential and commercial cooling, as well as agriculture-related equipment like irrigation pumps and crop dryers. Demand for butanes and natural gasoline, which are primarily used by the refining industry as blending stocks for motor fuel, denaturant for ethanol and diluents for crude oil, are also subject to some variability during seasonal periods when certain government restrictions on motor fuel blending products change. During periods of peak demand for a certain commodity, prices for that product typically increase. 
 
 Extreme weather conditions, seasonal temperature changes and the impact of temperature and humidity on the mechanical abilities of our equipment impact the volumes of natural gas gathered and processed, and NGL volumes gathered, transported and fractionated. Power interruptions and inaccessible well sites as a result of severe storms or freeze-offs, a phenomenon 
 15 

Table of Contents 

where water vapor from the well bore freezes at the wellhead or within the natural gas gathering system, may cause a temporary interruption in the flow of natural gas and NGLs. 
 
 In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, natural gas storage is necessary to balance the relatively steady natural gas supply with the seasonal demand of our local natural gas distribution and electric-generation customers as a result of the demand from their residential and commercial customers. 
 
 Competition - We compete for natural gas and NGL supply with other midstream companies, major integrated oil companies and independent exploration and production companies that have gathering and processing assets, fractionators, intrastate and interstate pipelines and storage facilities. The factors that typically affect our ability to compete for natural gas and NGL supply are: 
 quality of services provided; 
 producer drilling activity; 
 proceeds remitted and/or fees charged under our contracts; 
 proximity of our assets to natural gas and NGL supply areas and markets; 
 proximity of our assets to alternative energy production; 
 location of our assets relative to those of our competitors; 
 efficiency and reliability of our operations; 
 receipt and delivery capabilities for natural gas and NGLs that exist in each pipeline system, plant, fractionator and storage location; 
 the petrochemical industry s level of capacity utilization and feedstock requirements; 
 current and forward natural gas and NGL prices; and 
 cost of and access to capital. 
 
 We have remained competitive by making capital investments to access and connect new supplies with end-user demand; increasing gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline capacity; increasing storage, withdrawal and injection capabilities; and improving operating efficiency so that we compete effectively. Our and our competitors infrastructure projects may affect commodity prices and could displace supply volumes from the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions and the Permian Basin where our assets are located. We believe our assets are located strategically, connecting diverse supply areas to market centers. 
 
 Customers - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids segments derive services revenue from major and independent crude oil and natural gas producers. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment s customers also include other NGL and natural gas gathering and processing companies. Our downstream commodity sales customers are primarily petrochemical, refining and marketing companies, utilities, large industrial companies, natural gasoline distributors, propane distributors and municipalities. Our Natural Gas Pipeline segment s assets primarily serve local natural gas distribution companies, electric-generation facilities, large industrial companies, municipalities, producers, processors and marketing companies. Our utility customers generally require our services regardless of commodity prices. See discussion regarding our customer credit risk under Counterparty Credit Risk in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, in this Annual Report. 

Other 
 
 Through ONEOK Leasing Company, L.L.C. and ONEOK Parking Company, L.L.C., we own a 17-story office building (ONEOK Plaza) and a parking garage in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma, where our headquarters are located. ONEOK Leasing Company, L.L.C. leases excess office space, if any, to others and operates our headquarters office building. ONEOK Parking Company, L.L.C. owns and operates a parking garage adjacent to our headquarters. We have a wholly-owned captive insurance company, which was formed in 2022. 

REGULATORY, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SAFETY MATTERS 
 
 We are subject to a variety of historical preservation and environmental laws and/or regulations that affect many aspects of our present and future operations. Regulated activities include, but are not limited to, those involving air emissions, storm water and wastewater discharges, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, wetland and waterway preservation, wildlife conservation, cultural resource protection, hazardous materials transportation, and pipeline and facility construction. These laws and regulations require us to obtain and/or comply with a wide variety of environmental clearances, registrations, licenses, permits and other approvals. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations, licenses and permits may expose us to fines, penalties, reputational harm and/or interruptions in our operations that could be material to our results of operations or financial 
 16 

Table of Contents 

condition. In addition, emissions controls and/or other regulatory or permitting mandates under the Clean Air Act and other similar federal and state laws could require unexpected capital expenditures at our facilities. We cannot assure that existing environmental statutes and regulations will not be revised or that new regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to us. We also cannot assure that existing permits will not be revised or cancelled, potentially impacting facility construction activities or ongoing operations. 
 
 Air and Water Emissions - The Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws and/or regulations impose restrictions and controls regarding the discharge of pollutants into the air and water in the United States. Under the Clean Air Act, a federal operating permit is required for sources of significant air emissions. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution-control equipment in connection with obtaining or maintaining permits and approvals for sources of air emissions. The Clean Water Act imposes substantial potential liability for pollutants discharged into waters of the United States and requires remediation of waters affected by such discharge. 
 
 GHG Emissions - 2021 estimated GHG emissions were 3.8 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents of Scope 1 emissions and 2.7 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents of Scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 emissions originate from the combustion of fuel in our equipment, such as compressor engines and heaters, as well as fugitive methane emissions. Scope 2 emissions are generated from purchased power sources. 
 
 In September 2021, we announced a companywide absolute GHG emissions reduction target of 2.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents from our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2030. The target represents a 30 reduction in combined operational Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions attributable to ONEOK assets as of December 31, 2019. We have achieved reductions totaling approximately 0.5 million metric tons of the targeted 2.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents, primarily as a result of methane emissions mitigation, system optimizations, electrification of certain natural gas compression equipment and lower carbon-based electricity in states in which we operate. GHG emission reductions as reported may be modified, updated, changed or supplemented based on available information. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any dedicated capital expenditures specifically for climate-related projects, nor did we purchase or sell carbon credits or offsets. Progress to date on our goal has been accomplished through routine capital-growth projects and asset optimizations that were primarily performed for operational improvements that inherently improved our emissions profile. We continue to anticipate several potential pathways toward achieving our emissions reduction target. In 2023, we anticipate reduction in our emissions to be primarily a result of improved methane management practices and system optimization that will not require material capital expenditures. We do not anticipate purchasing or selling carbon credits or offsets in 2023. Although we have begun the electrification of certain compression assets for Viking to improve the reliability of our operations, which will reduce our Scope 1 emissions, we do expect an increase in our Scope 2 emissions as a result of this project, but anticipate an overall net reduction of GHG emissions on this project to be included in our pathway to achieve our target. 
 
 We participated in the EPA s Natural Gas STAR Program for more than 20 years and are now a legacy natural gas partner as the program ended in late 2022. We currently participate in Our Nation s Energy (ONE) Future Coalition to voluntarily report methane emission reductions and to calculate our methane intensity. We continue to focus on maintaining low methane gas release rates through expanded implementation of improved practices to limit the release of natural gas during pipeline and facility maintenance and operations. 
 
 Regulation 
 PHMSA - The PHMSA has submitted to the Federal Register an advisory bulletin underscoring to pipeline and pipeline facility operators requirements to minimize methane emissions in the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety (PIPES) Act of 2020. The PIPES Act directs pipeline operators to update their inspection and maintenance plans to address the elimination of hazardous leaks and to minimize natural gas releases from pipeline facilities. The updated plans must also address the replacement or remediation at facilities that historically have been known to experience leaks. We have completed and continue to update our pipeline maintenance procedures to identify and reduce methane leaks. 
 
 EPA - The EPA s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule requires annual GHG emissions reporting from our affected facilities and the carbon dioxide emission equivalents for all NGLs produced by us as if all of these products were combusted, even if they are used otherwise. The additional cost to gather and report this emission data did not have, and we do not expect it to have, a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 Recently, the EPA has updated the New Source Performance Standards Subpart OOOOb regulations to further reduce methane emissions, which includes increased monitoring frequency and more stringent repair requirements for new and modified oil and gas facilities. In addition, the EPA is proposing new nationwide emission guidelines for states to limit methane emissions from existing oil and gas facilities. Generally, EPA rule-makings require expendi tures for updated emissions controls, monitoring 
 17 

Table of Contents 

and recordkeeping requirements at affected facilities. At this time, we do not anticipate a material impact to our planned capital, operations and maintenance costs resulting from compliance with the current or pending regulations and proposed EPA actions. However, the EPA may issue additional regulations, responses, amendments and/or policy guidance, which could alter our p resent expectations. 
 
 In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision in West Virginia v. EPA, which did not preclude but instead limited the EPA s ability to regulate GHG emissions absent clear congressional authorization. The Court determined that the EPA s emission reduction measures requiring an industry wide shift in electricity production from coal and natural gas-fired power plants to renewable power sources required specific congressional authorization which had not been given under the Clean Air Act. 
 
 Federal Regulation - In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. The Inflation Reduction Act includes tax credits and other incentives intended to combat climate change by advancing decarbonization and promoting increased investment in renewable and low carbon intensity energy. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act also imposes a waste emissions charge for methane emissions from specific types of facilities that are required to report their GHG emissions to the EPA and a sector specific methane intensity rate. We will continue to monitor clarification of the regulation, and based on current estimates, we do not believe waste emission charges will hav e a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 We believe it is likely that continued future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require us to limit GHG emissions associated with our operations, pay additional fees associated with our GHG emissions or purchase allowances for such emissions. However, we cannot predict precisely what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations, when they will become effective or the impact on our capital expenditures, competitive position and results of operations. In addition to activities on the federal level, state and regional initiatives could also lead to the regulation of GHG emissions sooner than or independent of federal regulation. These regulations could be more stringent than any federal legislation that may be adopted. We monitor all relevant legislation and regulatory initiatives to assess the potential impact on our operations and otherwise take steps to limit GHG emissions from our facilities, including methane. 
 
 For additional information regarding the potential impact of laws and regulations on our operations see Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 Pipeline and Facility Safety - We are subject to PHMSA safety regulations, including pipeline asset integrity-management regulations. The Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 requires pipeline companies operating high-pressure pipelines to perform integrity assessments on pipeline segments that pass through densely populated areas or near specifically designated high-consequence areas (HCAs). The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011 (the 2011 Pipeline Safety Act) increased maximum penalties for violating federal pipeline safety regulations, directs the DOT and Secretary of Transportation to conduct further review or studies on issues that may or may not be material to us and may result in the imposition of more stringent regulations. 
 
 In 2015, PHMSA issued notices of proposed rule-making for hazardous liquid pipeline safety regulations, natural gas transmission and gathering lines and underground natural gas storage facilities. For natural gas and natural gas gathering pipelines, the new proposed regulations became known as the Mega Rule. Due to the large number of rules being considered, PHMSA partitioned the new rule-making into three sections. The first section of rules was finalized and published in 2019 in the Federal Register and became effective in July 2020. These final rules mostly address congressional mandates due to former pipeline safety reauthorizations and established criteria for verifying current operating pressures. The second section of the PHMSA Gas Mega Rule, which was published in August 2022 and will be effective in May 2023, focuses on natural gas transmission pipelines and includes enhancements to management requirements for risk and integrity assessments, guidance for corrosion and mitigation timelines, pipeline inspections following extreme weather events and repair requirements for HCAs and non-HCAs. The thir d section of the Mega Rule established new regulations for certain gas gathering lines, which were formerly unregulated, and was published in November 2021 and became effective in May 2022. 
 
 Coupled together, these new sections of the Mega Rule provide incr eased requirements for operating and maintenance, integrity management, public awareness and civil/criminal penalties; however, we do not anticipate a material impact to our planned capital or operations and maintenance costs resulting from compliance with the newly published regulations. 
 
 In 2020, legislation was passed to reauthorize PHMSA through 2024. Certain requirements for operations and maintenance, integrity management, leak detection and public awareness will be subject to future rule-making as a result. The potential capital and operating expenditures related to the new regulations are not fully known, but we do not anticipate a material impact to our planned capital or operations and maintenance costs resulting from compliance with the new regulations. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

On July 9, 2022, a fire occurred at our 210 MBbl/d Medford, Oklahoma, natural gas liquids fractionation facility. All personnel were safe and accounted for with temporary evacuations of local residents taken as a precautionary measure. As a result of the incident, the United States Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (CSB) requested information including the incident investigation report and causal factors of the incident, which we submitted to the CSB. 
 
 Pipeline Security - Homeland Security s Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and the DOT have completed a review and inspection of our critical facilities and identified no material security issues. Also, the TSA has released new pipeline security guidelines that include broader definitions for the determination of pipeline critical facilities. We have reviewed our pipeline facilities according to the new guidelines and met the timelines associated with TSA reporting. The cost of compliance did not have a material impact on our operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 The TSA issued two security directives in 2021 in response to ongoing cybersecurity threats to the pipeline industry. The first security directive, version A, was issued in May 2021 and requires critical pipeline owners and operators to (1) report confirmed and potential cybersecurity incidents to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA); (2) designate a cybersecurity coordinator to be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week; (3) review current practices; and (4) identify any gaps and related remediation measures to address cyber-related risks and report the results to TSA and CISA within 30 days. The second security directive, version B, was issued in July 2021 and requires owners and operators of TSA-designated critical pipelines to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware and other known threats to information technology and operational technology systems, develop and implement a cybersecurity contingency and recovery plan, and conduct a cybersecurity architecture design review. Version B was replaced with version C in July 2022. This version requires critical pipeline owners and operators to create a Cybersecurity Implementation Plan for approval and audit by the TSA. Our Cybersecurity Implementation Plan was approved in December 2022. While compliance with the security directives is utilizing significant internal and external resources, we do not expect it to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 The long-term sustainability of our business is dependent on our continued ability to maintain a highly engaged workforce. To accomplish this, our business strategy includes attracting, selecting and retaining talent, advancing an inclusive, diverse and engaged culture and developing individuals and leaders. 
 
 In 2021, we conducted our first annual employee engagement survey using Gallup Inc. s Q12 methodology. All leaders were asked to review their results with their teams and create an action plan specific to enhancing their employees engagement in 2022. In 2022, the annual employee engagement participation rate increased to 90 compared with 80 in 2021. The overall engagement mean went from under the 40th percentile to above the 50th percentile. We showed improvement on all survey questions. The ratio of engaged employees to actively disengaged more than doubled. All leaders have been asked to discuss the 2022 survey results with their teams and create an engagement action plan for 2023. Training and support resources are also available through our learning management system, the Gallup Engagement Portal and dedicated individuals within our human resources department. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,966 employees. Listed below is a summary of our human capital resources, measures and objectives that are collectively important to our success as an organization. 
 
 Values - Our success relies on the skills, experience and dedication of our employees. We are committed to cultivating an inclusive and dynamic work environment where talented people can find opportunities to succeed, grow and contribute to the success of the company. Our employees work each day to provide safe and reliable services to a wide range of customers in the states where we operate. Our core values, listed below, guide the way in which our employees conduct our business and operations. 
 Safety Environmental: we commit to a zero-incident culture for the well-being of our employees, contractors and communities and to operate in an environmentally responsible manner. 
 Ethics: we act with honesty, integrity and adherence to the highest standards of personal and professional conduct. 
 Diversity Inclusion: we respect the uniqueness and worth of each employee, and believe that a diverse, inclusive workforce is essential for a sense of belonging, engagement and performance. 
 Excellence: we hold ourselves and others accountable to a standard of excellence through continuous improvement and teamwork. 
 Service: we invest our time, effort and resources to serve each other, our customers and communities. 
 Innovation: we seek to develop creative solutions by leveraging collaboration through ingenuity and technology. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Diversity and Inclusion - Our diversity and inclusion (D I) strategy is a cross-functional effort that draws upon contributions from employees at all levels of the organization and is focused on enhancing the workplace to attract and retain talent. The strategy is guided by a D I Council composed of a diverse group of employees who represent different demographics, work locations, points of view, roles and levels of seniority. We also have a team within our human resources department that is wholly dedicated to supporting our D I efforts. 
 
 In 2022, we provided funding and support for five legacy employee-led business resource groups (BRGs): a Black/African American Resource Group (BAARG); an Indigenous/Native American Resource Group (INRG); a Latinx/Hispanic American Resource Group (LXHA); a Veterans Resource Group; and a Women s Resource Group. In addition, a new LGBTQ+ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer and others) BRG was added in 2022. Each BRG s purpose is to promote the attraction, development, motivation and retention of members of traditionally underrepresented groups in our industry and workplace in an effort to drive positive business outcomes. A key factor in the success of our BRGs is the active participation by officer-level executive sponsors and allies from outside the BRG s underrepresented populations. All employees are invited to become a supporter of one or more of our BRGs. 
 
 In early 2023, we introduced a Racial Inclusion Collective Resource Group that combines our legacy race- and ethnicity-focused BRGs, along with new resources and support for our Asian-American and Pacific Islander employees and allies, into a single organization to facilitate collaboration on topics relevant to all groups while reserving opportunities for more identity-focused programming where appropriate. 
 
 We embed D I concepts into our core leadership development curriculum and sponsor a number of internal programs intended to promote D I. In addition, we seek to give back to the communities where we operate by partnering on initiatives to support underrepresented community members and local charitable organizations. 
 
 Employee Safety - The safety of our employees is critical to our operations and success. By promoting the safety of our employees and monitoring the integrity of our assets, we are investing in the long-term sustainability of our businesses. We continuously assess the risks our employees face in their jobs, and we work to mitigate those risks through training, appropriate engineering controls, work procedures and other preventive safety programs. Reducing incidents and improving our personal safety incident rates are important, but we are not focused only on statistics. Low personal safety incident rates alone cannot prevent a large-scale incident, which is why we continue to focus on enhancing our Environmental, Safety and Health management systems and process safety programs, such as key risk/key control identification and knowledge sharing. We endeavor to operate our assets safely, reliably and in an environmentally responsible manner. We maintain mature and robust programs that guide trained staff in the completion of these activities, and we continue to enhance and improve these programs and our internal capabilities. We successfully implemented our return to office plan in early 2022, and we have continued to take safety precautions for our employees who work in the field or report to a ONEOK facility. 
 
 Health and Welfare - We provide a variety of benefits to help promote the health and welfare of our employees and their families. These benefits include medical, dental and vision plans, virtual health visits and engagement of third-party service providers to offer company on-site and near-site clinics in several of our operating areas. Eligible employees also have access, at no charge, to an employee assistance program, a medical second opinion service and a health care concierge service to assist with finding in-network providers and billing resolution. We offer full pay for maternity, paternity or adoption leave of up to 240 hours per qualifying event. We also provide up to 10,000 for reasonable and necessary expenses of a qualifying adoption and/or surrogacy. Additional benefits provided for the welfare of our employees include, among others, life insurance and long-term disability plans, health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, fertility benefits, disease prevention and management programs and full pay while on bereavement, military or personal and family care leave. 
 
 We also provide the opportunity for our employees to help fellow employees through the ONE Trust Fund by contributing donated vacation hours or monetary donations. The ONE Trust Fund is a nonprofit, charitable organization run entirely by employee volunteers, that serves our employees in times of personal crises due to natural disasters, medical emergencies or other hardships. 
 
 Personal and Professional Development - We provide various options to assist with career growth and development. For employees just entering the workforce who desire to advance their career and continue to learn or for the professional who is interested in developing their skills, we provide education and training in a variety of areas, including leadership, functional and industry-specific topics, professional development and skill-building opportunities. Our organizational development and D I teams provide live in-person and virtual classroom training, computer-based self-study and one-on-one coaching that is available to all employees. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We value education and assist eligible employees with the expense of furthering their education in job-related fields, including up to 5,000 per year in qualifying tuition expenses. We also may reimburse employees for certain job-related professional certification examination fees. 
 
 Recruiting - We make it a priority to attract, select, develop, motivate, challenge and retain the talent necessary to support our key business strategies. We use targeted recruitment events, maintain strong relationships with area technical schools, colleges and universities, and we offer compensation benefits and career opportunities that are designed to position us as an employer of choice. D I continues to be a priority in recruiting, and we deploy sourcing strategies designed to access talent from groups that are historically underrepresented in our industry and workplace. 
 
 Retirement - We maintain a 401(k) Plan for our employees and match 100 of employee contributions up to 6 of eligible compensation each payroll period, subject to applicable tax limits. We also have a defined benefit pension plan covering certain employees and former employees, which closed to new participants in 2005. Employees that do not participate in our defined benefit pension plan are eligible to receive quarterly and annual profit-sharing contributions under our 401(k) Plan. As of December 31, 2022, 95 of eligible employees were contributing to our 401(k) Plan. For additional information about our retirement benefits, see Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 All executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Our executive officers listed below include the officers who have been designated by our Board of Directors as our Section 16 executive officers. 
 Name and Position Age Business Experience in Past Five Years Julie H. Edwards 64 2022 to present Board Chair, ONEOK Board Chair 2007 to 2022 Board Director, ONEOK Pierce H. Norton II 63 2021 to present President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 to present Member of the Board of Directors, ONEOK 2014 to 2021 President and Chief Executive Officer, ONE Gas, Inc. 2014 to 2021 Member of the Board of Directors, ONE Gas, Inc. Walter S. Hulse III 59 2022 to present Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, ONEOK Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development 2019 to 2021 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Affairs, ONEOK 2017 to 2019 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs, ONEOK Kevin L. Burdick 58 2022 to present Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, ONEOK Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 2017 to 2022 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, ONEOK Charles M. Kelley 64 2022 to present Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines, ONEOK Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines 2018 to 2022 Senior Vice President, Natural Gas, ONEOK 2017 to 2018 Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering Processing, ONEOK Sheridan C. Swords 53 2022 to present Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, ONEOK Senior Vice President Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing 2017 to 2022 Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids, ONEOK Stephen B. Allen 49 2017 to present Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, ONEOK Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, ONEOK Mary M. Spears 43 2022 to present Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Finance and Tax, ONEOK Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Finance and Tax 2019 to 2021 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, ONEOK 2015 to 2019 Director, SEC Reporting, ONEOK Scott D. Schingen 49 2021 to present Senior Vice President, Operations, ONEOK Senior Vice President, Operations 2017 to 2021 Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids Operations, ONEOK Janet L. Hogan 58 2022 to present Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, ONEOK Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 2017 to 2022 Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Hormel Foods 
 
 No family relationships exist between any of the executive officers, nor is there any arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was selected. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE 
 
 We make available, free of charge, on our website (www.oneok.com) copies of our Annual Reports, Quarterly Reports, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and reports of holdings of our securities filed by our officers and directors under Section 16 of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. Copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Director Independence Guidelines, Corporate Sustainability Report and the written charters of our Board Committees also are available on our website, and we will provide copies of these documents upon request. 
 
 In addition to our filings with the SEC and materials posted on our website, we also use social media platforms as additional channels of distribution to reach public investors. Information contained on our website, posted on our social media accounts, and any corresponding applications, are not incorporated by reference into this report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our investors should consider the following risks that could affect us and our business. Although we have tried to identify key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. Investors should consider carefully the following discussion of risks and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, including Forward-Looking Statements, which are included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 
 
 If the level of drilling in the regions in which we operate declines substantially near our assets, our volumes and revenues could decline. 
 
 Our gathering and transportation pipeline systems are dependent upon production from natural gas and crude oil wells, which naturally declines over time. As a result, our cash flows associated with these wells may also decline over time. In order to maintain or increase throughput levels on our gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the asset utilization rates at our processing and fractionation facilities, we must continually obtain new supplies. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. Our natural gas and NGL supply volumes may be impacted if producers curtail or redirect drilling and production activities. Drilling and production are impacted by factors beyond our control, including: 
 demand and prices for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil; 
 producers access to capital; 
 producers finding and development costs of reserves; 
 producers ability to secure drilling and completion crews and equipment; 
 producers desire and ability to obtain necessary permits, drilling rights and surface access in a timely manner and on reasonable terms; 
 crude oil and associated natural gas field characteristics and production performance; and 
 capacity constraints and/or shut downs on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and NGLs from producing areas and our facilities. 
 
 Commodity prices are subject to significant volatility. Drilling and production activity levels may vary across our geographic areas; however, a prolonged period of low commodity prices may reduce drilling and production activities across all areas. If we are not able to obtain new supplies to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing production or reductions in volumes because of competition, including increased competition due to industry consolidation, throughput on our gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the utilization rates of our processing and fractionation facilities would decline, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Our operating results may be affected adversely by unfavorable economic and market conditions. 
 
 In addition to impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainty or adverse changes in economic conditions worldwide, in the United States, or in the economic regions in which we operate, could negatively affect the crude oil and natural gas markets, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our services and products, or otherwise affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Volatility in commodity prices may have an impact on many 
 22 

Table of Contents 

of our suppliers and customers, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to us. Periods of severe volatility in equity and credit markets may disrupt our access to such markets, make it difficult to obtain financing necessary to expand facilities or acquire assets, increase financing costs and result in the imposition of restrictive financial covenants. Also, economic conditions in the wake of the pandemic have included increasing inflation. Inflationary pressures have resulted in, and may continue to result in, additional increases to the cost of our materials, services and personnel, which could increase our capital expenditures and operating costs. Sustained levels of high inflation have caused the Federal Reserve System and other central banks to increase interest rates, which may cause the cost of capital to increase and depress economic growth, either of which, or the combination of both, could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 The volatility of natural gas, crude oil and NGL prices could affect adversely our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Lower commodity prices could reduce crude oil, natural gas and NGL production, which could decrease the demand for our services. Additionally, a significant portion of our revenues are derived from the sale of commodities that are received in conjunction with natural gas gathering and processing services, the transportation and storage of natural gas, and from the purchase and sale of NGLs and purity NGLs. As commodity prices decline, we could be paid less for our commodities thereby reducing our cash flows. Historically, commodity prices have been volatile and can change quickly. For example, in March 2020, unsuccessful negotiations between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia regarding crude oil production cuts resulted in a price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia. As a result, the global supply of crude oil significantly exceeded demand and led to a collapse in crude oil prices. It is likely that commodity prices will continue to be volatile in the future. 
 
 The prices we receive for our commodities are subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 overall domestic and global economic conditions and uncertainty; 
 changes in the supply of, and demand for, domestic and foreign energy, even if relatively minor; 
 market uncertainty; 
 the occurrence of wars and other geopolitical conditions impacting supply and demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil; 
 production decisions by other countries, and the failure of countries to abide by recent agreements relating to production decisions; 
 the availability and cost of third-party transportation, natural gas processing and fractionation capacity; 
 the level of consumer product demand and storage inventory levels; 
 ethane rejection; 
 weather conditions; 
 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 
 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 
 speculation in the commodity futures markets; 
 the effects of imports and exports on the price of natural gas, crude oil, NGL and liquefied natural gas; 
 the effect of worldwide energy-conservation measures; 
 the impact of new supplies, new pipelines, processing and fractionation facilities on location price differentials; and 
 technology and improved efficiency impacting supply and demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil. 
 
 These external factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it difficult to reliably estimate future prices of commodities and the impact commodity price fluctuations have on our customers and their need for our services, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Increasing attention to ESG issues, including climate change, may impact our business. 
 
 There are increasing expectations that companies across all industries address ESG issues, including climate change. Changes in regulatory policies, public sentiment or widespread adoption of technologies that aim to address climate change through reducing GHG emissions may result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products, restrictions on their use or increased use of alternative energy sources. These changes could reduce the demand for our services, impacting our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, increasing attention to climate change has resulted in an increased likelihood of governmental investigations, regulation, shareholder activism and private litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise affect adversely our business. For example, the SEC has announced its plans to propose new climate change disclosure requirements. While the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

form those requirements may take are not final, we may face increased costs associated with complying with any new climate disclosure rules. 
 
 Certain investors are increasingly focused on ESG issues, including climate change. Further, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have also increased their focus on ESG issues and have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on various ESG initiatives. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us or midstream companies in general. Due to climate change concerns, some investors may choose to either not invest, or to reduce their investment, in companies that explore for, produce, process, transport or sell products derived from hydrocarbons. If this negative investor sentiment increases, we may see reduced demand for our securities, which could impact our liquidity or the value of our securities. Additionally, certain large institutional lenders have announced their own policies to meet publicly announced climate commitments, which often involve commitments to shift lending activities in the energy sector to meet GHG emissions goals. As a result, certain institutional lenders may impose additional requirements on us, or decide not to lend to us, based on ESG concerns, which could adversely affect our access to capital on reasonable terms or at all and, as a result, our financial condition. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of GHGs as a financial risk, this could also negatively affect our ability to access capital or cause us to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings. 
 
 In September 2021, we announced a companywide absolute GHG emissions reduction target of 2.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents from our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. The target represents a 30 reduction in combined operational Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions attributable to ONEOK assets as of December 31. To the extent that the potential pathways we have identified to achieve this emissions reduction target are not available to us, or to the extent we otherwise are unable to make progress toward other ESG-related targets we may establish, we may face additional costs to meet these targets, or we may fail to meet them, which could negatively impact our business and reputation. 
 
 We may be subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change. 
 
 The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Some of our customers energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature. For residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. To the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition, through decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including damage to our assets or service interruptions. Weather conditions outside of our operating territory could also have an impact on our revenues. Severe weather impacts our operating territories primarily through hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornados, floods, freezing temperatures and snow or ice storms. To the extent the severity or frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing services, including the cost of insurance, and decrease the availability of certain insurance coverages. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. 
 
 Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, which could affect adversely our business and for which we may not be adequately insured. 
 
 Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and NGL gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation facilities, which include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, damage by third parties, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and the performance of facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. For example, on July 9, 2022, a fire occurred at our 210 MBbl/d Medford, Oklahoma, natural gas liquids fractionation facility. Other operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions include adverse weather conditions (including extreme cold weather), infectious disease including a pandemic, cybersecurity attacks, geopolitical reactions, accidents, explosions, fires, the collision of equipment with our pipeline facilities (for example, this may occur if a third party were to perform excavation or construction work near our facilities) and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other similar events beyond our control. Similar operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions may also impact our producers or suppliers; for example, extreme cold weather can result in supply reductions from producer wellhead freeze-offs, as well as power curtailments or outages. Further, the United States government warned that energy assets, specifically the nation s pipeline infrastructure, may be targets of terrorist attacks. An act of terrorism could target our facilities, those of our suppliers or customers or those of other pipelines. A casualty occurrence may result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage or environmental damage. The occurrence of operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions could affect adversely our business results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. Consequently, we may not be able to renew existing insurance policies or purchase other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Insurance proceeds may not be adequate to cover all liabilities or incurred costs and losses or lost earnings. Further, we are not fully insured against all risks inherent to our business. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Further, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner. 
 
 Continued development of supply sources outside of our operating regions could impact demand for our services. 
 
 Production areas outside of our operating regions may compete with natural gas and NGL supply originating in production areas connected to our systems, which may cause natural gas and NGLs in supply areas connected to our systems to be diverted to markets other than our traditional market areas and may affect capacity utilization adversely on our pipeline systems and our ability to renew or replace existing contracts. In our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, the development of reserves could move drilling rigs from our current service areas to other areas, which may reduce demand for our services. In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, the displacement of natural gas originating in supply areas connected to our pipeline systems by supply sources that are closer to the end-use markets could reduce demand for our services. Either of these possibilities could result in lower revenues, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We do not hedge fully against commodity price risk or interest rate risk, including commodity price changes, seasonal price differentials, product price differentials or location price differentials. This could result in decreased revenues, increased costs and lower margins, affecting adversely our results of operations. 
 
 Certain of our businesses are exposed to market risk and the impact of market fluctuations in natural gas, NGLs and crude oil prices. Market risk refers to the risk of loss of future cash flows and earnings arising from adverse changes in commodity prices. Our primary commodity price exposures arise from: 
 the value of the commodities sold under fee with POP contracts of which we retain a portion of the sales proceeds; 
 the price differentials between the individual purity NGLs with respect to our NGL transportation and fractionation agreements; 
 the location price differentials in the price of natural gas and NGLs; 
 the seasonal price differentials in natural gas and NGLs related to our storage operations; 
 the price risk related to electric costs to operate our facilities; and 
 the fuel costs and the value of the retained fuel in-kind in our natural gas pipelines and storage operations. 
 
 To manage the risk from market price fluctuations in natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and electricity prices, we may use derivative instruments such as swaps, futures, forwards and options. However, we do not hedge fully against commodity price changes, and we therefore retain some exposure to market risk. Further, hedging instruments that are used to reduce our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose us to risk of financial loss where we may contract for fixed-rate swap instruments to hedge variable-rate instruments and the fixed rate exceeds the variable rate. Finally, hedging arrangements for forecasted sales and purchases are used to reduce our exposure to commodity price fluctuations and may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if market prices for natural gas, crude oil and NGLs differ from the stated price in the hedge instrument for these commodities. 
 
 A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure of one or more key information technology or operational systems, or those of third parties, may affect adversely our operations, financial results or reputation. 
 
 Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these information technology systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to: 
 controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition; 
 collecting and storing customer, employee, investor and other stakeholder information and data; 
 processing transactions; 
 summarizing and reporting results of operations; 
 hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans and financial information; 
 complying with regulatory, legal, financial or tax requirements; 
 providing data security; and 
 other processes necessary to manage our business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if our operational systems fail as a result of an inadvertent error or by deliberate tampering with or manipulation of our operational systems. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee or third-party tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 
 
 Due to increased technology advances and an increase in remote work arrangements, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. We use software to help manage and operate our businesses, and this may subject us to increased risks. According to experts, there has been a rise in the number and sophistication of cyberattacks on companies network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations and, as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption in our systems, or those of our vendors, could result in a disruption of our operations, physical or environmental damages, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in anticipating, detecting or preventing these events from occurring, due in part to attackers ever-changing methods and efforts to conceal their activities, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to identify, assess and remedy such events. Cybersecurity, physical security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access and to identify and appropriately report cyberattacks, remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, including sufficient insurance, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. 
 
 Cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations or cumbersome contractual obligations. Current efforts by the federal government, such as the Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity executive order, and the TSA security directives issued in May and July 2021, and July 2022, have utilized significant internal and external resources, and any potential future statutes, regulations or orders could lead to further increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage costs or capital expenditures. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business resulting from additional regulations. 
 
 Growing our business by constructing new pipelines and facilities or making modifications to our existing facilities subjects us to construction risk and supply risks, should adequate natural gas or NGL supply be unavailable upon completion of the facilities. 
 
 To expand our business, we regularly construct new and modify or expand existing pipelines and gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities. The construction and modification of these facilities may involve the following risks: 
 projects may require significant capital expenditures, which may exceed our estimates, and involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political, legal and weather-related uncertainties; 
 projects may increase demand for labor, materials (which may be even more difficult to obtain due to supply chain constraints) and rights of way, which may, in turn, affect our costs and schedule; 
 we may be unable to obtain new rights of way or permits to connect our systems to supply or downstream markets; 
 if we undertake these projects, we may not be able to complete them on schedule or at the budgeted cost; 
 our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. For instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time, and we will not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project; 
 we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production or downstream demand in which anticipated growth does not materialize; 
 opposition from environmental and social groups, landowners, tribal groups, local groups and other advocates could result in organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our construction activities or operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the construction or operation of our assets; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

we may be required to rely on third parties downstream of our facilities to have available capacity for our delivered natural gas or NGLs, which may not be operational; and 
 inflationary pressure could increase our costs for construction materials or labor. 
 As a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough natural gas or NGLs to achieve our expected investment return, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Estimates of hydrocarbon reserves may be inaccurate, which could result in lower than anticipated volumes. 
 
 We may not be able to accurately estimate hydrocarbon reserves and production volumes expected to be delivered to us for a variety of reasons, including the unavailability of sufficiently detailed information and unanticipated changes in producers expected drilling schedules. Accordingly, we may not have accurate estimates of total reserves committed to our assets, the anticipated life of such reserves or the expected volumes to be produced from those reserves. In such event, if we are unable to secure additional sources, then the volumes that we gather, process, fractionate and transport in the future could be less than anticipated. A decline in such volumes could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, and we lease certain facilities and equipment, which could disrupt our operations. 
 
 We do not own all of the land on which certain of our pipelines and facilities are located, and we are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain necessary land use. We obtain the rights to construct and operate certain of our pipelines and related facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Our loss of these rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts on acceptable terms or increased costs to renew such rights, could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Measurement adjustments on our pipeline system may be impacted materially by changes in estimation, type of commodity and other factors. 
 
 Natural gas and NGL measurement adjustments occur as part of the normal operating conditions associated with our assets. The quantification and resolution of measurement adjustments are complicated by several factors including: (i) the significant quantities i.e. , thousands) of measurement equipment that we use across our natural gas and NGL systems, primarily around our gathering and processing assets; (ii) varying qualities of natural gas in the streams gathered and processed through our systems and the mixed nature of NGLs gathered and fractionated; and (iii) variances in measurement that are inherent in metering technologies and standards. Each of these factors may contribute to measurement adjustments that may occur on our systems, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 In the competition for supply, we may have significant levels of excess capacity on our natural gas and NGL pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets. 
 
 Our natural gas and NGL pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets compete with other pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets for natural gas and NGL supply delivered to the markets we serve. As a result of competition, we may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on our assets, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Many of our assets have been in service for several decades. 
 
 Many of our assets are designed as long-lived assets. Over time the age of these assets could result in increased maintenance or remediation expenditures and an increased risk of product releases and associated costs and liabilities. Any significant increase in these expenditures, costs or liabilities could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Our operating cash flows are derived partially from cash distributions we receive from our unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Our operating cash flows are derived partially from cash distributions we receive from our unconsolidated affiliates, as discussed in Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. The amount of cash that our unconsolidated affiliates can distribute principally depends upon the amount of cash flows these affiliates generate from their respective operations, which may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. We may be unable to unilaterally determine the cash 
 27 

Table of Contents 

distribution policies of our unconsolidated affiliates. This may contribute to us not having sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying dividends at the current levels. 
 
 We may be unable to cause our joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions unless some or all of our joint-venture participants agree. 
 
 We participate in several joint ventures. Due to the nature of some of these arrangements, each participant in these joint ventures has made substantial investments in the joint venture and, accordingly, has required that the relevant charter documents contain certain features designed to provide each participant with the opportunity to participate in the management of the joint venture and to protect its investment, as well as any other assets that may be substantially dependent on or otherwise affected by the activities of that joint venture. These participation and protective features customarily include a corporate governance structure that requires at least a majority-in-interest vote to authorize many basic activities and requires a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100 to authorize more significant activities. Examples of these more significant activities are large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, transactions with affiliates of a joint-venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business, among others. Thus, without the concurrence of joint-venture participants with enough voting interests, we may be unable to cause any of our joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions, even though those actions may be in the best interest of us or the particular joint venture. 
 
 Moreover, subject to contractual restrictions, any joint-venture owner generally may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint-venture owners. Any such transaction could result in us being required to partner with different or additional parties who may have business interests different from ours. 
 
 We do not operate all of our joint-venture assets nor do we employ directly all of the persons responsible for providing administrative, operating and management services. This reliance on others to operate joint-venture assets and to provide other services could affect adversely our business and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on others to provide administrative, operating and management services for certain of our joint-venture assets. We have a limited ability to control the operations and the associated costs of such operations. The success of these operations depends on a number of factors that are outside our control, including the competence and financial resources of the operator or an outsourced service provider. We may have to contract elsewhere for outsourced services, which may cost more than we are currently paying. In addition, we may not be able to obtain the same level or kind of service or retain or receive the services in a timely manner, which may impact our ability to perform under our contracts and affect adversely our business and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has affected adversely, and could further affect adversely, our results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic led to global and regional economic disruption, volatility in the financial markets and a weakened commodity price environment. The outbreak and government measures taken in response, including extended quarantines, closures and reduced operations of businesses, had a significant adverse impact, both direct and indirect, on our business and the economy. 
 
 Uncertainty remains regarding the duration of global impacts due to COVID-19. This uncertainty, and the occurrence of these events and measures taken in response, could further affect adversely our results of operations by, among other things, reducing demand for the services we provide, impacting our supply chains and the availability and efficiency of our workforce, including our executive officers, creating operational challenges and impacting our ability to access capital markets. Additionally, in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary pressures have increased in the U.S. and globally. The degree to which the pandemic further impacts our business and results of operations will depend on future developments beyond our control, including the success of vaccination efforts and the effectiveness of such vaccines against future mutations of the COVID-19 virus, how quickly and to what extent economic and operating conditions resume to pre-COVID-19 levels, and the severity and duration of reduced global and regional economic activity resulting from the pandemic. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO REGULATION 
 
 Increased regulation of exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing, well setbacks and disposal of wastewater, could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new crude oil and natural gas wells. 
 
 The crude oil and natural gas industry is relying increasingly on supplies from nonconventional sources, such as shale and tight sands. Natural gas extracted from these sources frequently requires hydraulic fracturing, which involves the pressurized injection of water, sand and chemicals into a geologic formation to stimulate crude oil and natural gas production. Legislation or regulations placing restrictions on exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing and disposal of wastewater, could result in operational delays, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens on exploration and production operators. Any of these factors could reduce their production of unprocessed natural gas and, in turn, affect adversely our revenues and results of operations by decreasing the volumes of natural gas and NGLs gathered, treated, processed, fractionated and transported on our or our joint ventures assets. 
 
 Our business is subject to regulatory oversight and potential penalties. 
 
 The energy industry historically has been subject to heavy state and federal regulation that extends to many aspects of our businesses and operations, including: 
 change to federal, state and local taxation; 
 regulatory approval and review of certain of our rates, operating terms and conditions of service; 
 the types of services we may offer our counterparties; 
 construction and operation of new facilities; 
 the integrity, safety and security of facilities and operations; 
 acquisition, extension or abandonment of services or facilities; 
 reporting and information posting requirements; 
 maintenance of accounts and records; and 
 relationships with affiliate companies involved in all aspects of the natural gas and energy businesses. 
 
 Compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome. Future changes to laws, regulations and policies in these areas may impair our ability to compete for business or to recover costs and may increase the cost and burden of our operations. We cannot guarantee that state or federal regulators will not challenge our safety practices or will authorize any projects or acquisitions that we may propose in the future. Moreover, there can be no guarantee that, if granted, any such authorizations will be made in a timely manner or will be free from potentially burdensome conditions. 
 
 Under the Natural Gas Act, which is applicable to our interstate natural gas pipelines, and the Interstate Commerce Act, which is applicable to our interstate NGL pipelines, our interstate transportation rates are regulated by the FERC and many changes to our pipeline tariffs must be approved in a regulatory proceeding. Additionally, shippers, the FERC and/or state regulatory agencies may investigate our tariff rates which could result in, among other things, our being ordered to reduce rates or make refunds to shippers. 
 
 Failure to comply with all applicable state or federal statutes, rules and regulations and orders could bring substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of GHG emissions. 
 
 GHG emissions in the midstream industry originate primarily from combustion engine exhaust, heater exhaust and fugitive methane gas emissions. International, federal, regional and/or state legislative and/or regulatory initiatives may attempt to control or limit GHG emissions, including initiatives directed at issues associated with climate change. Various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of GHGs, particularly carbon dioxide and methane, and the United States Supreme Court has ruled that carbon dioxide is a pollutant subject to regulation by the EPA. In addition, there have been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of GHGs. 
 
 We believe it is likely that future governmental legislation and/or regulation on the federal, state and regional levels, may further require us to limit GHG emissions associated with our operations, pay additional fees associated with our GHG emissions or purchase allowances for such emissions. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act will require the payment of Methane Fees for specific facilities that exceed GHG emission and/or methane intensity thresholds beginning in 2024. This and other legislative and/or regulatory initiatives could make some of our activities uneconomic to maintain or operate. However, we cannot predict precisely what form these future legislative and/or regulatory initiatives will take, the stringency of 
 29 

Table of Contents 

such initiatives, when they will become effective or the impact on our capital expenditures, competitive position and results of operations. Further, we may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to complying with GHG legislative and/or regulatory requirements. Our future results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be affected adversely if such costs are not recovered or otherwise passed on to our customers. 
 
 Our operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. Increased litigation and activism challenging oil and gas development as well as changes to and/or increased penalties from the enforcement of laws, regulations and policies could impact adversely our business. 
 
 The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. Examples of these laws include: 
 the Clean Air Act and analogous state laws that impose obligations related to air emissions; 
 the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws that impose requirements related to activities in and around certain state and federal waters, including requirements related to discharge of wastewater from our facilities into state and federal waters; 
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) and analogous state laws that regulate the cleanup of hazardous substances that may have been released at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us or locations to which we have sent waste for disposal; 
 the Endangered Species Act and analogous state laws that impose obligations related to protection of threatened and endangered species; and 
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and analogous state laws that impose requirements for the handling and discharge of solid and hazardous waste from our facilities. 
 
 Various federal and state governmental authorities, including the EPA, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. Violators are subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including civil fines, injunctions or both. Joint and several, strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under the CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws for the remediation of contaminated areas. 
 
 There is an inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in our business due to our handling of the products we gather, transport, process and store, air emissions related to our operations, past industry operations and waste disposal practices, some of which may be material. Private parties, including the owners of properties through which our pipeline systems pass, may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. Some sites we operate are located near current or former third-party hydrocarbon storage and processing operations, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to ours. In addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies could increase significantly our compliance costs, penalties and other cost associated with any alleged noncompliance, and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary; some of these costs could be material and could adversely affect our business, results of operation, financial position and cash flows. Our insurance may not cover all of these environmental risks, and there are also limits on coverage. Additional information is included under Item 1, Business, under Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters and in Note O of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Increased litigation and activism challenging oil and gas development as well as changes to and/or more aggressive enforcement of laws, regulations and policies could impact our business. These actions could, among other things, impact our customers activities, our existing permits, our ability to obtain permits for new development projects and public perception of our company, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 RISK FACTORS RELATED TO FINANCING OUR BUSINESS 
 
 Changes in interest rates could affect adversely our business. 
 
 We use both fixed and variable rate debt, and we are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates on our short-term borrowings. Our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be affected adversely by significant fluctuations in interest rates. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Any reduction in our credit ratings could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Our long-term debt has been assigned an investment-grade credit rating of Baa3 by Moody s and BBB by both S P and Fitch. Our commercial paper program has been assigned an investment-grade credit rating of Prime-3, A-2 and F2 by Moody s, S P and Fitch, respectively. We cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by these credit rating agencies. If these agencies were to downgrade our long-term debt or our commercial paper rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs could increase, which would affect adversely our financial results, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. Ratings from these agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 Our indebtedness and guarantee obligations could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of 13.6 billion. Our indebtedness and guarantee obligations could have significant consequences. For example, they could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to senior notes and other indebtedness due to the increased debt-service obligations, which could, in turn, result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or the senior notes; 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes; 
 diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business or the economy; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to debt-service payments, reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends or general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have proportionately less debt and fewer guarantee obligations. 
 
 We are not prohibited under the indentures governing the senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but our debt agreements do subject us to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph. If we incur significant additional indebtedness, it could worsen the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely our ability to repay our other indebtedness. 
 
 Our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement contains provisions that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement contains provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to make material changes to the nature of our business, merge, consolidate or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, grant liens and security interests on our assets, engage in transactions with affiliates or make restricted payments, including dividends. It also requires us to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness we can incur, as described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report. These restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash. Future financing agreements we may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. 
 
 If we are unable to meet our debt-service obligations or comply with financial covenants, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets. We may be unable to obtain financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
 
 An event of default may require us to offer to repurchase certain of our and ONEOK Partners senior notes or may impair our ability to access capital. 
 
 The indentures governing certain of our and ONEOK Partners senior notes include an event of default upon the acceleration of other indebtedness of 15 million or more for certain of our senior notes or 100 million or more for certain of our and ONEOK Partners senior notes. Such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 in aggregate principal amount of our and ONEOK Partners outstanding senior notes to declare those senior notes immediately due and payable in full. We may not have sufficient cash on hand to repurchase and repay any accelerated senior notes, which may cause us to borrow money under our credit facility or seek alternative financing sources to finance the repurchases and repayment. We could also face 
 31 

Table of Contents 

difficulties accessing capital or our borrowing costs could increase, impacting our ability to obtain financing for acquisitions or capital expenditures, to refinance indebtedness and to fulfill our debt obligations. 
 
 The right to receive payments on our outstanding debt securities and subsidiary guarantees is unsecured and will be effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness as well as to any existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes. 
 
 Although ONEOK Partners and the Intermediate Partnership have guaranteed our debt securities, the guarantees are subject to release under certain circumstances, and we have subsidiaries that are not guarantors. In those cases, the debt securities effectively are subordinated to the claims of all creditors, including trade creditors and tort claimants, of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors. In the event of the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding up of the business of a subsidiary that is not a guarantor, creditors of that subsidiary would generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to us or the holders of the debt securities. 
 
 A court may use fraudulent conveyance considerations to avoid or subordinate the cross guarantees of our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness. 
 
 ONEOK, ONEOK Partners and the Intermediate Partnership have cross guarantees in place for our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness. A court may use fraudulent conveyance laws to subordinate or avoid the cross guarantees of certain of our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness. It is also possible that under certain circumstances, a court could avoid or subordinate the guarantor s guarantee of our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness in favor of the guarantor s other debts or liabilities to the extent that the court determined either of the following were true at the time the guarantor issued the guarantee: 
 the guarantor incurred the guarantee with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its present or future creditors or the guarantor contemplated insolvency with a design to favor one or more creditors to the total or partial exclusion of others; or 
 the guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonable equivalent value for issuing the guarantee and, at the time it issued the guarantee, the guarantor: 
 was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of the issuance of the guarantee; 
 was engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or 
 intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they matured. 
 
 The measure of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing will vary depending upon the law of the relevant jurisdiction. Generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if: 
 the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, were greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets at a fair valuation; 
 the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or 
 it could not pay its debts as they become due. 
 
 Among other things, a legal challenge of the cross guarantees of our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness on fraudulent conveyance grounds may focus on the benefits, if any, realized by the guarantor as a result of our and ONEOK Partners issuance of such debt. To the extent the guarantor s guarantee of our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness is avoided as a result of fraudulent conveyance or held unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of such debt would cease to have any claim in respect of the guarantee. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 Mergers and acquisitions that appear to be accretive may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per-share basis. 
 
 Any merger or acquisition involves potential risks that may include, among other things: 
 inaccurate assumptions about volumes, revenues and costs, including potential synergies; 
 an inability to integrate successfully the businesses we acquire; 
 decrease in our liquidity as a result of our using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

a significant increase in our interest expense and/or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance the acquisition; 
 the assumption of unknown liabilities for which we are not indemnified, our indemnity is inadequate or our insurance policies may exclude from coverage; 
 an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets; 
 limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller; 
 inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt; 
 the diversion of management s and employees attention from other business concerns; 
 unforeseen difficulties operating in new product areas or new geographic areas; 
 increased regulatory burdens; 
 customer or key employee losses at an acquired business; and 
 increased regulatory requirements. 
 
 If we consummate any future mergers or acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and investors will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our resources to future acquisitions. 
 
 Holders of our common stock may receive dividends that vary from anticipated amounts, or no dividends at all. 
 
 We may not have sufficient cash each quarter to pay dividends or maintain current or expected levels of dividends. The actual amount of cash we pay in the form of dividends may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including our working capital needs, our ability to borrow, the restrictions contained in our indentures and credit facility, our debt-service requirements and the cost of acquisitions, if any. A failure either to pay dividends or to pay dividends at expected levels could result in a loss of investor confidence, reputational damage and a decrease in the value of our stock price. 
 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers or counterparties, and our credit-risk management may not be adequate to protect against such risk. 
 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties. Our customers or counterparties may experience rapid deterioration of their financial condition as a result of changing market conditions, commodity prices or financial difficulties that could impact their creditworthiness or ability to pay us for our services. We assess the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties and obtain collateral or contractual terms as we deem appropriate. We cannot, however, predict to what extent our business may be impacted by deteriorating market or financial conditions, including possible declines in our customers and counterparties creditworthiness. Our customers and counterparties may not perform or adhere to our existing or future contractual arrangements. To the extent our customers and counterparties are in financial distress or commence bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with them may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. If our risk-management policies and procedures fail to assess adequately the creditworthiness of existing or future customers and counterparties, any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties due to inability or unwillingness to perform or adhere to contractual arrangements could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We are connected to market areas located in the Mid-Continent, Rocky Mountain, Permian Basin, Midwest markets, including Chicago, Illinois, and Gulf Coast regions of the U.S. Our counterparties are primarily major integrated and independent exploration and production, pipeline, marketing and petrochemical companies and natural gas and electric utilities. Therefore, our counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other factors that may affect our overall credit risk. 
 
 A shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity and competitive costs. 
 
 Our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks. In recent years, a shortage of workers trained in various skills associated with the midstream energy business has, at times, caused us to conduct certain operations without full staff, thus hiring outside resources, which may decrease productivity and increase costs. This shortage of trained workers is the result of experienced workers reaching retirement age and increased competition for workers in certain areas, combined with the challenges of attracting new, qualified workers to the midstream energy industry. This shortage of skilled labor could continue over an extended period. If the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could affect adversely our labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand operations in the event there is an increase in the demand for our services and products, which could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Our employees or directors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 
 As with all companies, we are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers (including our principal executive and financial officers, principal accounting officer, controllers and other persons performing similar functions) and all other employees. We require all directors, officers and employees to adhere to our code of business conduct and ethics in addressing the legal and ethical issues encountered in conducting their work for our company. Our code of business conduct and ethics requires, among other things, that our directors, officers and employees avoid conflicts of interest, comply with all applicable laws and other legal requirements, conduct business in an honest and ethical manner and otherwise act with integrity and in our company s best interest. All directors, officers and employees are required to report any conduct that they believe to be an actual or apparent violation of our code of business conduct and ethics. However, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could affect adversely our reputation, business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 An impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and equity-method investments could reduce our earnings. 
 
 Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets. GAAP requires us to test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. For example, if a low commodity price environment persisted for a prolonged period, it could result in lower volumes delivered to our systems and impairments of our assets or equity-method investments. If we determine that an impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate noncash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by consolidated debt to total capitalization. 
 
 For further discussion of impairments of goodwill, long-lived assets and equity-method investments, see Notes A, E, F, and N, respectively, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 The cost of providing pension and postretirement health care benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values and changing demographics and may increase. 
 
 We have a defined benefit pension plan for certain employees and former employees, which closed to new participants in 2005, and postretirement welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees hired prior to 2017 who retire with at least five years of full-time service. The cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, changing demographics, including longer life expectancy of plan participants and their beneficiaries and changes in health care costs. For further discussion of our defined benefit pension plan and postretirement welfare plans, see Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Any sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may affect adversely the value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets. In these circumstances, additional cash contributions to our pension plans may be required, which could affect adversely our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report accurately our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential holders of our equity and debt securities could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. We cannot be certain that our efforts to maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to continue to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any failure to maintain effective internal 
 34 

Table of Contents 

controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our equity, our access to capital markets and the cost of capital. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 A description of our properties is included in Item 1, Business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information about our legal proceedings is included in Note O of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol OKE. The corporate name ONEOK is used in stock listings. 
 
 At February 21, 2023, there were 13,064 holders of record of our 447,220,972 outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 For information regarding our Employee Stock Award Program and other equity compensation plans, see Note K of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Equity Compensation Plan Information included in Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, in this Annual Report. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following performance graph compares the performance of our common stock with the S P 500 Index, the Alerian Midstream Energy Select Index and a ONEOK Peer Group during the period beginning on December 31, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2022. 
 
 Value of a 100 Investment, Assuming Reinvestment of Distributions/Dividends, 
 at December 31, 2017, and at the End of Every Year Through December 31, 2022. 

Cumulative Total Return Years Ended December 31, 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 ONEOK, Inc. 106.28 157.06 88.96 146.64 174.36 S P 500 Index 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 ONEOK Peer Group (a) 88.62 104.19 76.75 102.24 129.86 Alerian Midstream Energy Select Index (b) 82.33 100.72 77.13 108.56 129.35 
 (a) - The current ONEOK Peer Group is composed of the following companies: DCP Midstream, LP; Energy Transfer LP; EnLink Midstream, LLC; Enterprise Products Partners L.P.; Kinder Morgan, Inc.; Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.; MPLX LP; NuStar Energy L.P.; Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.; Targa Resources Corp.; Western Midstream Partners, LP; and The Williams Companies, Inc. 
 (b) - The Alerian Midstream Energy Select Index measures the composite performance of approximately 29 North American energy infrastructure companies who are engaged in midstream activities involving energy commodities. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Part I, Item 1, Business, our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Please refer to the Financial Results and Operating Information and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 Market Conditions - We experienced earnings growth in 2022, compared with 2021, due primarily to increased producer activity across our operations, higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging and higher average fee rates. In 2023, we expect to benefit from higher volumes, our completed Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant and the expected completion of our MB-5 NGL fractionator, highlighting our extensive and integrated assets that are located in some of the most productive shale basins in the United States. 
 
 Medford Incident - On July 9, 2022, a fire occurred at our 210 MBbl/d Medford, Oklahoma, natural gas liquids fractionation facility. All personnel were safe and accounted for with temporary evacuations of local residents taken as a precautionary measure. 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes the unfavorable impact of our 5 million property deductible and approximately 30 million of losses incurred associated with the 45-day waiting period for business interruption coverage. Beginning in August 2022, we developed claims related to the Medford incident and recorded accruals for expected insurance recoveries. The table below sets forth our 2022 insurance accruals associated with the Medford incident: 
 
 2022 Insurance Accruals (Millions of dollars) Business interruption 96.1 Noncash property losses 45.6 Medford response expenses 9.0 Total insurance recoveries accrued (a) 150.7 
 (a) - We received a 100 million payment in the fourth quarter 2022, leaving a receivable balance at December 31, 2022, of 50.7 million. 
 
 Our business interruption insurance includes coverage for (i) incurred costs and losses that are either unavoidable or incurred to mitigate or reduce losses and (ii) lost earnings. Our business interruption insurance accruals in the table above primarily represent third-party fractionation costs and fully offset the actual losses incurred in 2022, subsequent to the 45-day waiting period. 
 
 We assessed the property damage to our facility and wrote off assets totaling 45.6 million, which represents the carrying value associated with certain damaged Medford facility property. These noncash property losses are fully offset by insurance recoveries noted in the table above. We expect to continue to operate NGL pipeline assets in Medford along with existing offices for regional operations. In addition, we are preserving certain Medford assets for future potential NGL facilities that could be constructed in Medford to enhance our NGL business as the market evolves. For additional information on the Medford incident, see Note B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Subsequent Event - On January 9, 2023, we reached an agreement with our insurers to settle all claims for physical damage and business interruption related to the Medford incident. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to resolve the claims for total insurance payments of 930 million, 100 million of which was received in 2022. The remaining 830 million was received in the first quarter 2023. The proceeds serve as settlement for property damage, business interruption claims to the date of settlement and as payment in lieu of future business interruption insurance claims. 
 
 In the first quarter 2023, we applied the 830 million received to our outstanding insurance receivable at December 31, 2022, of 50.7 million, and recorded a gain in operating income for the remaining 779.3 million. We expect our cash from operations in the remainder of 2023 and in 2024 to be impacted by incurred costs and losses resulting from the Medford incident for which we will no longer receive business interruption proceeds. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Due to market demand and a more favorable completion schedule, we announced plans to construct a new 125 MBbl/d MB-6 NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas, instead of rebuilding our Medford NGL fractionator at this time. The MB-6 fractionator will have the capability to produce purity ethane instead of the ethane/propane mix previously produced at the Medford facility. The 125 MBbl/d capacity of the MB-6 fractionator is expected to be economically equivalent to the capacity lost at Medford. In addition, our 125 MBbl/d MB-5 NGL fractionator remains on schedule to be completed early in the second quarter of 2023, which is expected to reduce the need for third-party fractionation while the new MB-6 fractionator is being constructed. Until these projects are completed, we expect to continue to provide midstream services through existing arrangements with industry peers, along with our integrated NGL pipeline system between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions and our fractionation and storage assets. 
 
 Ethane Production - Price differentials between ethane and natural gas can cause natural gas processors to extract ethane or leave it in the natural gas stream, known as ethane rejection. As a result of these ethane economics, ethane volumes on our system can fluctuate. In the second half of 2022, ethane prices decreased relative to natural gas prices, as overall demand decreased, and were further impacted by lower petrochemical plant utilization, both planned and unplanned. This resulted in higher ethane rejection across most basins where we operate, with the largest impact in the Mid-Continent region, compared with the first half of 2022. As utilization increases and demand for feedstock returns, we expect improvement in ethane economics; however, price fluctuations are expected to continue. 
 
 Ethane volumes under long-term contracts delivered to our NGL system increased approximately 20 MBbl/d to an average of 450 MBbl/d in 2022, compared with 430 MBbl/d in 2021, due primarily to changes in ethane extraction economics. We estimate that there are more than 225 MBbl/d of discretionary ethane, consisting of more than 125 MBbl/d in the Rocky Mountain region and approximately 100 MBbl/d in the Mid-Continent region, that can be recovered and transported on our system. 
 
 Growth Projects - We operate an integrated, reliable and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent and Permian regions with key market centers. Our primary capital-growth projects are outlined in the table below: 
 
 Project Scope Approximate Costs (a) Completion Natural Gas Gathering and Processing In millions 
 Demicks Lake III plant 200 MMcf/d processing plant in the core of the Williston Basin 188 Completed Supported by acreage dedications with primarily fee-based contracts Natural Gas Liquids MB-5 fractionator 125 MBbl/d NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas 750 Second Quarter 2023 MB-6 fractionator 125 MBbl/d NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas 550 First Quarter 2025 Natural Gas Pipelines Viking compressor stations Electrification and replacement of certain compressor assets 95 Third Quarter 2023 
 (a) - Excludes capitalized interest/AFUDC. 
 
 Debt Issuances and Repayments - In November 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 750 million, 6.1 senior unsecured notes due 2032. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were 742 million. The proceeds were used primarily to repay all outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. The remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In July 2022, we redeemed the remaining 895.8 million of our 3.375 senior notes due October 2022 at 100 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with cash on hand and short-term borrowings. 
 
 Subsequent event - We elected to redeem our 425 million, 5.0 senior notes due September 2023, with a redemption effective date in late February 2023. We expect the redemption price to equal 100 of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, which we will pay with cash on hand. 
 
 Dividends - During 2022, we paid common stock dividends totaling 3.74 per share, which is consistent with the prior year. In February 2023, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of 0.955 per share 3.82 per share on an annualized basis), an increase of 2 compared with the same quarter in the prior year. Our dividend growth is primarily due to the increase in cash flows resulting from the growth of our operations. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL RESULTS AND OPERATING INFORMATION 
 
 How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 
 Management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance. Our consolidated financial metrics include: (1) operating income; (2) net income; (3) diluted EPS; and (4) adjusted EBITDA. We evaluate segment operating results using adjusted EBITDA and our operating metrics, which include various volume and rate statistics that are relevant for the respective segment. These operating metrics allow investors to analyze the various components of segment financial results in terms of volumes and rate/price. Management uses these metrics to analyze historical segment financial results and as the key inputs for forecasting and budgeting segment financial results. For additional information on our operating metrics, see the respective segment subsections of this Financial Results and Operating Information section. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure of our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income adjusted for interest expense, depreciation and amortization, noncash impairment charges, income taxes, allowance for equity funds used during construction, noncash compensation expense and certain other noncash items. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to net income, EPS or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, this calculation may not be comparable with similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Consolidated Operations 
 
 Selected Financial Results - The following table sets forth certain selected financial results for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Financial Results 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) Millions of dollars, except per share amounts 
 Revenues Commodity sales 20,975.5 15,180.3 7,255.2 5,795.2 7,925.1 Services 1,411.4 1,360.0 1,287.0 51.4 73.0 Total revenues 22,386.9 16,540.3 8,542.2 5,846.6 7,998.1 Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below) 
 17,909.9 12,256.7 5,110.1 5,653.2 7,146.6 Operating costs 1,149.7 1,067.0 886.1 82.7 180.9 Depreciation and amortization 626.1 621.7 578.7 4.4 43.0 Impairment charges 607.2 (607.2) Other operating (income) expense, net (106.2) (1.4) (1.3) 104.8 0.1 Operating income 2,807.4 2,596.3 1,361.4 211.1 1,234.9 Equity in net earnings from investments 147.7 122.5 143.2 25.2 (20.7) Impairment of equity investments (37.7) (37.7) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest (675.9) (732.9) (712.9) (57.0) 20.0 Net income 1,722.2 1,499.7 612.8 222.5 886.9 Diluted EPS 3.84 3.35 1.42 0.49 1.93 Adjusted EBITDA 3,619.7 3,379.7 2,723.7 240.0 656.0 Capital expenditures 1,202.1 696.9 2,195.4 505.2 (1,498.5) 
 See reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section. 
 
 Changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect both revenues and cost of sales and fuel in our Consolidated Statements of Income and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between these line items, except where noted. 
 
 Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes 96.1 million of business interruption insurance recoveries, which are included in the other operating (income) expense, net line item above, and an approximately 30 million unfavorable impact from the 45-day business interruption coverage waiting period related to the Medford incident in our Natural Gas Liquids segment. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

2022 vs. 2021 - Operating income increased 211.1 million primarily as a result of the following: 
 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing - an increase of 127.7 million due primarily to higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging, and higher average fee rates and 53.8 million from higher volumes in the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions; and 
 Natural Gas Liquids - an increase of 102.8 million in exchange services related primarily to higher average fee rates and higher volumes in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, offset partially by higher fuel and power costs and third-party fractionation costs; an increase of 46.2 million due to the unfavorable impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021 and 18.2 million in higher optimization and marketing earnings; offset by 
 Natural Gas Pipelines - a decrease of 134.7 million due to the favorable impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021, offset partially by increases of 92.1 million due primarily to higher storage and transportation services, higher average earnings on natural gas sales and higher pricing on compression services; and 
 Consolidated Operating Costs - an increase of 82.7 million due primarily to higher outside services, materials and supplies expense and property taxes, related primarily to the growth of our operations. 
 
 Net income and diluted EPS increased due primarily to the items discussed above, lower interest expense related to increased capitalized interest and lower debt balances and higher equity in net earnings from investments. These increases were offset partially by higher income taxes and losses related to the mark-to-market of investments associated with certain benefit plan investments. 
 
 Capital expenditures increased due primarily to our capital-growth projects, including the construction of our Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant, our MB-5 fractionator and the Viking compression project. 
 
 Additional information regarding our financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of our segments. 
 
 Selected Financial Results and Operating Information for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 - The consolidated and segment financial results and operating information for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, are included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is available via the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. 

Natural Gas Gathering and Processing 
 
 Growth Projects - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment has invested in growth projects in NGL-rich areas in the Williston Basin. See Growth Projects in the Recent Developments section for discussion of our capital-growth projects. 
 
 For a discussion of our capital expenditure financing, see Capital Expenditures in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Selected Financial Results and Operating Information - The following tables set forth certain selected financial results and operating information for our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Financial Results 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) Millions of dollars 
 NGL and condensate sales 3,690.2 2,821.2 889.4 869.0 1,931.8 Residue natural gas sales 2,674.4 1,483.9 771.5 1,190.5 712.4 Gathering, compression, dehydration and processing fees and other revenue 
 168.9 156.4 159.2 12.5 (2.8) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) (5,116.6) (3,226.1) (844.0) 1,890.5 2,382.1 Operating costs, excluding noncash compensation adjustments 
 (386.6) (351.4) (320.0) 35.2 31.4 Equity in net earnings (loss) from investments 4.9 3.8 (1.1) 1.1 4.9 Other 1.4 1.3 (5.0) 0.1 6.3 Adjusted EBITDA 1,036.6 889.1 650.0 147.5 239.1 Impairment charges 566.1 (566.1) Capital expenditures 444.9 275.2 446.1 169.7 (170.9) 
 See reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section. 
 
 Changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect both revenue and cost of sales and fuel, and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between these line items. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Adjusted EBITD A increased 147.5 million, p rimarily as a result of the following: 
 an increase of 127.7 million due primarily to higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging, and average fee rates; and 
 an increase of 53.8 million from higher volumes due primarily to increased producer activity in the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions, offset partially by the impact of winter weather in the Rocky Mountain region in the second and fourth quarters of 2022; offset by 
 an increase of 35.2 million in operating costs due primarily to higher materials and supplies expense due primarily to the growth of our operations and higher outside services. 
 
 Capital expenditures increase d due primarily to growth projects, including our Demicks Lake III project. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Operating Information (a) 2022 2021 2020 Natural gas gathered BBtu/d 
 2,852 2,736 2,553 Natural gas processed BBtu/d (b) 
 2,612 2,515 2,364 Average fee rate /MMBtu 
 1.10 1.04 0.89 
 (a) - Includes volumes for consolidated entities only. 
 (b) - Includes volumes we processed at company-owned and third-party facilities. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Our natural gas gathered and natural gas processed volumes increased due primarily to increased producer activity in the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions, offset partially by the unfavorable impact of winter weather in the Rocky Mountain region in the second and fourth quarters of 2022. 
 
 Our average fee rate increased due primarily to increased contribution of volumes on higher fee contracts in the Williston Basin and inflation-based escalators in our contracts. Also, for certain fee with POP contracts, our contractual fees increased due to production volumes, delivery pressures, or commodity prices relative to specified contractual thresholds. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk - See discussion regarding our commodity price risk under Commodity Price Risk in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Natural Gas Liquids 
 
 Growth Projects - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment invests in projects to transport, fractionate, store and deliver to market centers NGL supply from shale and other resource development areas. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting 
 41 

Table of Contents 

diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the Mid-Continent region and the Permian Basin with purity NGLs demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. See Growth Projects in the Recent Developments section for discussion of our capital-growth projects. 
 
 In 2022, we connected one third-party natural gas processing plant in the Permian Basin and one raw feed truck terminal in the Mid-Continent region to our NGL system. In addition, one third-party natural gas processing plant in the Permian Basin connected to our system was expanded. 
 
 For a discussion of our capital expenditure financing, see Capital Expenditures in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section. 
 
 Selected Financial Results and Operating Information - The following tables set forth certain selected financial results and operating information for our Natural Gas Liquids segment for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Financial Results 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) Millions of dollars 
 NGL and condensate sales 18,329.3 13,653.1 6,409.3 4,676.2 7,243.8 Exchange service and other revenues 557.5 559.2 497.8 (1.7) 61.4 Transportation and storage revenues 180.0 179.6 182.9 0.4 (3.3) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) (16,546.1) (11,939.7) (5,108.6) 4,606.4 6,831.1 Operating costs, excluding noncash compensation adjustments (548.2) (499.4) (396.4) 48.8 103.0 Equity in net earnings from investments 34.6 21.0 39.9 13.6 (18.9) Other 88.1 (10.2) (7.7) 98.3 (2.5) Adjusted EBITDA 2,095.2 1,963.6 1,617.2 131.6 346.4 Impairment charges 78.8 (78.8) Capital expenditures 580.8 306.9 1,655.8 273.9 (1,348.9) 
 See reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA in the Non-GAAP Measures section. 
 
 Changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect both revenues and cost of sales and fuel, and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between these line items. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes 96.1 million of business interruption insurance recoveries, which are included in the other line item above, and an approximately 30 million unfavorable impact from the 45-day business interruption coverage waiting period related to the Medford incident. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Adjusted EBITDA increased 131.6 million primarily as a result of the following: 
 an increase of 102.8 million in exchange services (excluding the impact of Winter Storm Uri discussed below) due primarily to: 
 186.3 million in higher average fee rates, primarily as a result of inflation-based and fuel cost escalators in our contracts, 
 50.1 million in higher volumes primarily in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, offset partially by lower volumes in the Mid-Continent region, offset by 
 129.9 million in higher costs, primarily fuel and power costs and third-party fractionation costs. A portion of the third-party fractionation costs relate to the 45-day Medford incident business interruption coverage waiting period, and 
 12.9 million related to recognition of proceeds previously considered a gain contingency in 2021; and 
 an increase of 46.2 million in exchange services due to the unfavorable impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021; 
 an increase of 18.2 million in optimization and marketing due primarily to wider location and commodity price differentials, offset partially by nonrecurring activities in the first quarter 2021 during Winter Storm Uri; and 
 an increase of 13.6 million in equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to higher volumes delivered to the Overland Pass pipeline; offset by 
 an increase of 48.8 million in operating costs due primarily to higher property taxes associated with our completed capital-growth projects and higher outside services. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Capital expenditures increased due primarily to capital-growth projects, including our MB-5 fractionator. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Operating Information 2022 2021 2020 Raw feed throughput MBbl/d (a) 
 1,237 1,198 1,084 Average Conway-to-Mont Belvieu OPIS price differential - 
 ethane in ethane/propane mix /gallon 
 0.04 (0.01) 0.01 
 (a) - Represents physical raw feed volumes for which we provide transportation and/or fractionation services. 
 
 We generally expect ethane volumes to increase or decrease with corresponding increases or decreases in overall NGL production. However, ethane volumes may experience growth or decline greater than corresponding growth or decline in overall NGL production due to ethane economics causing producers to extract or reject ethane. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Volumes increased due primarily to increased NGL production in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, and higher ethane volumes from incentivized ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region, offset partially by decreased ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent region due to ethane economics. Volumes also benefited from the unfavorable impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021, offset partially by the impact of winter weather in the Rocky Mountain region in the second and fourth quarters of 2022. 

Natural Gas Pipelines 
 
 Growth Projects - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment invests in projects that provide transportation and storage services to end users. In December 2022, our Saguaro Connector Pipeline L.L.C. subsidiary filed a Presidential Permit application with the FERC to construct and operate new international border-crossing facilities at the U.S. and Mexico border. The proposed border facilities would connect upstream with a potential intrastate pipeline, the Saguaro Connector Pipeline, which would be owned and operated by ONEOK. Additionally, the proposed border facilities would connect at the international boundary with a new pipeline under development in Mexico for delivery to a liquefied natural gas export facility on the west coast of Mexico. The final investment decision on the pipeline is expected by mid-2023. 
 
 See Growth Projects in the Recent Developments section for discussion of our capital-growth projects. 
 
 For a discussion of our capital expenditure financing, see Capital Expenditures in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section. 
 
 Selected Financial Results and Operating Information - The following tables set forth certain selected financial results and operating information for our Natural Gas Pipelines segment for the periods indicated: Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Financial Results 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) Millions of dollars 
 Transportation revenues 408.8 412.9 401.7 (4.1) 11.2 Storage revenues 130.5 77.6 68.4 52.9 9.2 Residue natural gas sales and other revenues 39.2 116.4 9.9 (77.2) 106.5 Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) 
 (25.4) (11.2) (6.8) 14.2 4.4 Operating costs, excluding noncash compensation adjustments 
 (174.1) (162.1) (137.2) 12.0 24.9 Equity in net earnings from investments 108.2 97.8 104.4 10.4 (6.6) Other 1.2 (3.6) (3.0) 4.8 (0.6) Adjusted EBITDA 488.4 527.8 437.4 (39.4) 90.4 Capital expenditures 123.4 92.6 71.9 30.8 20.7 
 See reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA in the Non-GAAP Measures section. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Adjusted EBITDA decreased 39.4 million primarily as a result of the following: 
 a decrease of 134.7 million due to the favorable impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021 on natural gas sales of volumes previously held in inventory, interruptible transportation revenue and park and loan revenue; and 
 an increase of 12.0 million in operating expenses due primarily to higher outside services, offset by 
 an increase of 51.5 million in storage services due primarily to higher storage rates on renegotiated contracts; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

an increase of 23.1 million in transportation services due primarily to higher interruptible revenue, excluding the impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021 noted above, and higher firm transportation revenue; 
 an increase of 17.5 million due primarily to higher average earnings on natural gas sales of volumes previously held in inventory, excluding the impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter 2021 noted above, and higher pricing on compression services; and 
 an increase of 10.4 million from higher equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to increased volumes on Northern Border and higher firm transportation rates on Roadrunner. 
 
 Capital expenditur es increased in 2022 due primarily to capital-growth projects, including the Viking compression project. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Operating Information (a) 2022 2021 2020 Natural gas transportation capacity contracted MDth/d 
 7,428 7,395 7,461 Transportation capacity contracted 94 95 96 
 (a) - Includes volumes for consolidated entities only. 
 
 In April 2022, the FERC initiated a review of Guardian s rates pursuant to Section 5 of the Natural Gas Act. In August 2022, Guardian reached a settlement in principle with the participants in the Section 5 rate case. The FERC approved the settlement in February 2023, which w ill result in a future reduction of rates. We do not expect the reduced rates to have a material impact on our results of operations. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the nearest comparable GAAP financial performance measure, to adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, Unaudited 
 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA Thousands of dollars) 
 Net income 1,722,221 1,499,706 612,809 Add: Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 675,946 732,924 712,886 Depreciation and amortization 626,132 621,701 578,662 Income taxes 527,424 484,498 189,507 Impairment charges 644,930 Noncash compensation expense (a) 70,502 42,592 8,540 Equity AFUDC (2,551) (1,681) (23,661) Adjusted EBITDA (b) 3,619,674 3,379,740 2,723,673 Reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA Segment adjusted EBITDA: Natural Gas Gathering and Processing 1,036,633 889,127 650,036 Natural Gas Liquids 2,095,212 1,963,639 1,617,241 Natural Gas Pipelines 488,432 527,810 437,426 Other (b) (603) (836) 18,970 Adjusted EBITDA 3,619,674 3,379,740 2,723,673 
 (a) - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, includes a loss of 18.8 million, and benefits of 10.4 million and 19.8 million, respectively, related to the mark-to-market of investments associated with certain benefit plan investments. 
 (b) - Year ended December 31, 2020, includes corporate net gains of 22.3 million on extinguishment of debt related to open market repurchases. 

CONTINGENCIES 
 
 See Note O of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a discussion of regulatory and environmental matters. 
 
 Other Legal Proceedings - We are a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. While the results of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such 
 44 

Table of Contents 

proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. Additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 General - Our primary sources of cash inflows are operating cash flows, proceeds from our commercial paper program and our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, debt issuances and the issuance of common stock for our liquidity and capital resources requirements. 
 
 On January 9, 2023, we reached an agreement with our insurers to settle all claims for physical damage and business interruption related to the Medford incident. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to resolve the claims for total insurance payments of 930 million, 100 million of which was received in 2022. The remaining 830 million was received in the first quarter 2023. The proceeds serve as settlement for property damage, business interruption claims to the date of settlement and as payment in lieu of future business interruption insurance claims. We expect our cash from operations in the remainder of 2023 and in 2024 to be impacted by incurred costs and losses resulting from the Medford incident for which we will no longer receive business interruption proceeds. 
 
 We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, quarterly cash dividends, capital expenditures and maturities of long-term debt. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, which expires in June 2027, and access to 1.0 billion available through our at-the-market equity program. As of the date of this report, no shares have been sold through our at-the-market equity program. 
 
 We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt and interest-rate swaps. For additional information on our interest-rate swaps, see Note D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Guarantees and Cash Management - We and ONEOK Partners are issuers of certain public debt securities. We guarantee certain indebtedness of ONEOK Partners, and ONEOK Partners and the Intermediate Partnership guarantee certain of our indebtedness. The guarantees in place for our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness are full, irrevocable, unconditional and absolute joint and several guarantees to the holders of each series of outstanding securities. Liabilities under the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. As ONEOK Partners and the Intermediate Partnership are consolidated subsidiaries of ONEOK, separate financial statements for the guarantors are not required, as long as the alternative disclosure required by Rule 13-01 is provided, which includes narrative disclosure and summarized financial information. The Intermediate Partnership holds all of ONEOK Partners interests and equity in its subsidiaries, which are nonguarantors, and substantially all the assets and operations reside with nonguarantor operating subsidiaries. Therefore, as allowed under Rule 13-01, we have excluded the summarized financial information for each issuer and guarantor as the combined financial information of the subsidiary issuer and parent guarantor, excluding our ownership of all the interests in ONEOK Partners, reflect no material assets, liabilities or results of operations, apart from the guaranteed indebtedness. For additional information on our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness, see Note G of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 We use a centralized cash management program that concentrates the cash assets of our nonguarantor operating subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purposes of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing, transaction costs and bank fees. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. Our operating subsidiaries participate in this program to the extent they are permitted pursuant to FERC regulations or their operating agreements. Under the cash management program, depending on whether a participating subsidiary has short-term cash surpluses or cash requirements, we provide cash to the subsidiary or the subsidiary provides cash to us. 
 
 Short-term Liquidity - Our principal sources of short-term liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, distributions received from our equity-method investments, proceeds from our commercial paper program and our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement. 
 
 We had working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) deficits of 503.9 million and 810.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Although working capital is influenced by several factors, including, among other things: (i) the timing of (a) debt and equity issuances, (b) the funding of capital expenditures, (c) scheduled debt repayments, and (d) accounts receivable and payable; and (ii) the volume and cost of inventory and commodity imbalances, our working capital deficits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were driven primarily by current maturities of long-term debt. We may have working capital deficits in future periods as we continue to repay long-term debt. We do not expect this working capital deficit to have an adverse impact to our cash flows or operations. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement and 220.2 million of cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 In June 2022, we amended and restated our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, which matures in June 2027. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all covenants of our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement. 
 
 For additional information on our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, see Note G of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Long-term Financing - In addition to our principal sources of short-term liquidity discussed above, we expect to fund our longer-term financing requirements by issuing long-term notes. Other options to obtain financing include, but are not limited to, issuing common stock, loans from financial institutions, issuance of convertible debt securities or preferred equity securities, asset securitization and the sale and lease-back of facilities. 
 
 Debt Issuances - In November 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 750 million, 6.1 senior unsecured notes due 2032. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were 742 million. The proceeds were used primarily to repay all outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. The remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In June 2022, Guardian entered into a 120 million unsecured term loan agreement. During the second quarter 2022, Guardian drew the full 120 million available under the agreement and used the proceeds to repay intercompany debt with ONEOK. 
 
 Debt Repayments - In July 2022, we redeemed the remaining 895.8 million of our 3.375 senior notes due October 2022 at 100 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with cash on hand and short-term borrowings. 
 
 Subsequent event - We elected to redeem our 425 million, 5.0 senior notes due September 2023, with a redemption effective date in late February 2023. We expect the redemption price to equal 100 of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, which we will pay with cash on hand. 
 
 Material Commitments - We have material cash commitments related to our capital expenditures, senior notes and corresponding interest payments, which we expect to fund through our sources of cash inflows discussed above. Our senior notes and interest payments are discussed in Note G of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. We also have cash commitments related to transportation, storage and other commercial contracts, as well as our financial and physical derivative obligations, which we expect to fund with cash from operations. 
 
 Capital Expenditures - We classify expenditures that are expected to generate additional revenue, return on investment or significant operating or environmental efficiencies as growth capital expenditures. Maintenance capital expenditures are those capital expenditures required to maintain our existing assets and operations and do not generate additional revenues. Maintenance capital expenditures are made to replace partially or fully depreciated assets, to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and to extend their useful lives. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows and short- and long-term debt. 
 
 The following table sets forth our growth and maintenance capital expenditures, excluding AFUDC, for the periods indicated: 
 Capital Expenditures 2022 2021 2020 Millions of dollars 
 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing 444.9 275.2 446.1 Natural Gas Liquids 580.8 306.9 1,655.8 Natural Gas Pipelines 123.4 92.6 71.9 Other 53.0 22.2 21.6 Total capital expenditures 1,202.1 696.9 2,195.4 
 
 Capital expenditures increased in 2022, compared with 2021, due primarily to our capital-growth projects, including the construction of our Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant, our MB-5 fractionator and the Viking compression project. See discussion of our announced capital-growth projects in the Recent Developments section. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We expect total capital expenditures, excluding AFUDC and capitalized interest, of 1.3- 1.5 billion in 2023. 
 
 Credit Ratings - Our long-term debt credit ratings as of February 21, 2023, are shown in the table below: 
 Rating Agency Long-Term Rating Short-Term Rating Outlook Moody s Baa3 Prime-3 Positive S P BBB A-2 Stable Fitch BBB F2 Stable 
 Our credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile or potential transactions. The most common criteria for assessment of our credit ratings are the debt-to-EBITDA ratio, interest coverage, business risk profile and liquidity. If our credit ratings were downgraded, our cost to borrow funds under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement could increase and a potential loss of access to the commercial paper market could occur. In the event that we are unable to borrow funds under our commercial paper program and there has not been a material adverse change in our business, we would continue to have access to our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, which expires in 2027. An adverse credit rating change alone is not a default under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement. 
 
 In the normal course of business, our counterparties provide us with secured and unsecured credit. In the event of a downgrade in our credit ratings or a significant change in our counterparties evaluation of our creditworthiness, we could be required to provide additional collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments as a condition of continuing to conduct business with such counterparties. We may be required to fund margin requirements with our counterparties with cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments. 
 
 Dividends - Holders of our common stock share equally in any common stock dividends declared by our Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of outstanding preferred stock. In 2022, we paid common stock dividends of 3.74 per share, which is consistent with prior year. In February 2023, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of 0.955 per share 3.82 per share on an annualized basis), an increase of 2 compared with the same quarter in the prior year. 
 
 Our Series E Preferred Stock pays quarterly dividends on each share of Series E Preferred Stock, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, at a rate of 5.5 per year. In 2022, we paid dividends of 1.1 million for the Series E Preferred Stock. In February 2023, we paid quarterly dividends totaling 0.3 million for the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows from operations exceeded dividends paid by 1.2 billion. We expect our cash flows from operations to continue to sufficiently fund our cash dividends. To the extent operating cash flows are not sufficient to fund our dividends, we may utilize cash on hand from other sources of short- and long-term liquidity to fund a portion of our dividends. 

CASH FLOW ANALYSIS 
 
 We use the indirect method to prepare our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that affect net income but do not result in actual cash receipts or payments during the period and for operating cash items that do not impact net income. These reconciling items can include depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, allowance for equity funds used during construction, gain or loss on sale of assets, deferred income taxes, net undistributed earnings from equity-method investments, share-based compensation expense, other amounts and changes in our assets and liabilities not classified as investing or financing activities. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Millions of dollars 
 Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,906.0 2,546.3 1,899.0 Investing activities (1,139.3) (665.3) (2,270.5) Financing activities (1,692.9) (2,259.1) 875.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 73.8 (378.1) 503.5 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 146.4 524.5 21.0 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 220.2 146.4 524.5 
 
 Operating Cash Flows - Operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. Changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products, whether because of general economic conditions, changes in supply, changes in demand for the end products that are made with our products or increased competition from other service providers, could affect our earnings and operating cash flows. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our NGLs and natural gas inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand and the operation of our assets. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, increased 214.5 million due primarily to higher net income resulting from higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging, and higher average fee rates in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment and higher exchange services in our Natural Gas Liquids segment. These increases were offset partially by the impact of Winter Storm Uri in our Natural Gas Pipelines segment in the first quarter 2021, as discussed in Financial Results and Operating Information. 
 
 The changes in operating assets and liabilities increased operating cash flows 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with a decrease of 141.8 million for the same period in 2021. The change is due primarily to changes in risk management assets and liabilities, which include the gains associated with the settlements of forward-starting interest rate swaps in 2022 and changes in the fair value of risk-management assets and liabilities; accounts receivable resulting from the timing of receipt of cash from customers and NGLs and natural gas in inventory, both of which vary from period to period and with changes in commodity prices; offset partially by changes in accounts payable, which also vary from period to period with changes in commodity prices, and from the timing of payments to vendors, suppliers and other third parties and changes in other assets and liabilities. 
 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Cash used in investing activities increased 474.0 million due primarily to capital expenditures related to our capital-growth projects. 
 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Cash used in financing activities decreased 566.2 million due primarily to the issuance of long-term debt in 2022. 
 
 Cash Flow Analysis for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 - The cash flow analysis for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, is included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is available via the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. 

IMPACT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 Information about the impact of new accounting standards is included in Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. These estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 
 The following is a summary of our most critical accounting policies and estimates, which are defined as those estimates and policies most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requiring management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, particularly because of the need to make estimates concerning the impact of inherently uncertain matters. We have discussed the development and selection of our estimates and critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. See Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for the description of our accounting policies and additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 
 Derivatives and Risk-management Activities - We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. When possible, we implement effective hedging strategies using derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. We have not used derivative instruments for trading purposes. For a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss from a change in fair value of the derivative instrument is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the forecasted transaction affects earnings, at which time the fair value of the derivative instrument is reclassified into earnings. 
 
 We assess hedging relationships at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis to determine whether the hedging relationship is, and is expected to remain, highly effective. We do not believe that changes in our fair value estimates of our derivative instruments have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as effective cash flow hedges. However, if a derivative instrument is ineligible for cash flow hedge accounting or if we fail to appropriately designate it as a cash flow hedge, changes in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recorded currently in earnings. Additionally, if a cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recognized in earnings. For more information on commodity price sensitivity and a discussion of the market risk of pricing changes, see Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 See Notes A, C and D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of fair value measurements and derivatives and risk-management activities. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets, Including Intangible Assets - We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually as of July 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. As part of our goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors (including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. If further testing is necessary or a quantitative test is elected, we perform a Step 1 analysis for goodwill impairment. 
 
 In a Step 1 analysis, an assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 We assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset. 
 
 Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates, such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. To estimate undiscounted future cash flows of long-lived assets, we may apply a probability-weighted approach that incorporates different assumptions and potential outcomes related to the underlying long-lived assets. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which separately identifiable cash flows exist. To estimate the fair value of 
 49 

Table of Contents 

these assets, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach, our discounted cash flow analysis includes the following inputs that are not readily available: a discount rate reflective of industry cost of capital, our estimated contract rates, volumes, operating margins, operating and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. Under the market approach, our inputs include EBITDA multiples, which are estimated from recent peer acquisition transactions, and forecasted EBITDA, which incorporates inputs similar to those used under the income approach. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to future impairment charges. 
 
 See Notes A, E and F of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of goodwill, long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Depreciation Methods and Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment - Our property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method that incorporates management assumptions regarding useful economic lives and residual values. As we place additional assets in service, our estimates related to depreciation expense have become more significant and changes in estimated useful lives of our assets could have a material effect on our results of operations. At the time we place our assets in service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation expense prospectively. Examples of such circumstances include changes in (i) competition, (ii) laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset, (iii) technology that render an asset obsolete, (iv) expected salvage values, (v) results of rate cases or rate settlements on regulated assets and (vi) forecasts of the remaining economic life for the resource basins where our assets are located, if any. For the fiscal years presented in this Form 10-K, no changes were made to the determinations of useful lives that would have a material effect on the timing of depreciation expense in future periods. 
 
 See Note E of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of property, plant and equipment. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements contained and incorporated in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. The forward-looking statements relate to our anticipated financial performance (including projected operating income, net income, capital expenditures, cash flows and projected levels of dividends), liquidity, management s plans and objectives for our future capital-growth projects and other future operations (including plans to construct additional natural gas and NGL pipelines, processing and fractionation facilities and related cost estimates), our business prospects, the outcome of regulatory and legal proceedings, market conditions and other matters. We make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws. The following discussion is intended to identify important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements and other statements in this Annual Report regarding our environmental, social and other sustainability targets, plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC, or that we will continue to make similar statements in the same extent or manner in future filings. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking environmental, social and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards and processes for measuring progress that are still developing and that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 
 
 Forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations and other statements contained or incorporated in this Annual Report identified by words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, guidance, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, potential, project, scheduled, should, target, will, would, and other words and terms of similar meaning. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

One should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Those factors may affect our operations, markets, products, services and prices. In addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the following: 
 the impact of inflationary pressures, including increased interest rates, which may increase our capital expenditures and operating costs, raise the cost of capital or depress economic growth; 
 the impact on drilling and production by factors beyond our control, including the demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil; producers desire and ability to drill and obtain necessary permits; regulatory compliance; reserve performance; and capacity constraints and/or shut downs on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and NGLs from producing areas and our facilities; 
 risks associated with adequate supply to our gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline facilities, including production declines that outpace new drilling, the shutting-in of production by producers, actions taken by federal, state or local governments to require producers to prorate or to cut their production levels as a way to address any excess market supply situations or extended periods of ethane rejection; 
 demand for our services and products in the proximity of our facilities; 
 economic climate and growth in the geographic areas in which we operate; 
 the risk of a slowdown in growth or decline in the United States or international economies, including liquidity risks in United States or foreign credit markets; 
 the possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, hostilities or changes in the political conditions throughout the world, including the current conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; 
 performance of contractual obligations by our customers, service providers, contractors and shippers; 
 the effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, cybersecurity, climate change initiatives, emissions credits, carbon offsets, carbon pricing, production limits and authorized rates of recovery of natural gas and natural gas transportation costs; 
 changes in demand for the use of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil because of the development of new technologies or other market conditions caused by concerns about climate change; 
 the impact of the transformation to a lower-carbon economy, including the timing and extent of the transformation, as well as the expected role of different energy sources, including natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, in such a transformation; 
 the pace of technological advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing GHG emissions and advancing other climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and developments; 
 the effectiveness of our risk-management function, including mitigating cyber- and climate-related risks; 
 our ability to identify and execute opportunities, and the economic viability of those opportunities, including those relating to renewable natural gas, carbon capture, use and storage, other renewable energy sources such as solar and wind and alternative low carbon fuel sources such as hydrogen; 
 the ability of our existing assets and our ability to apply and continue to develop our expertise to support the growth of, and transformation to, various renewable and alternative energy opportunities, including through the positioning and optimization of our assets; 
 our ability to efficiently reduce our GHG emissions (both Scope 1 and 2 emissions), including through the use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices and system optimizations; 
 the necessity to focus on maintaining and enhancing our existing assets while reducing our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions; 
 the effects of weather and other natural phenomena and the effects of climate change (including physical and transformation-related effects) on our operations, demand for our services and commodity prices; 
 acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers , customers or shippers facilities; 
 the inability of insurance proceeds to cover all liabilities or incurred costs and losses, or lost earnings, resulting from a loss; 
 delays in receiving insurance proceeds from covered losses; 
 the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums; 
 increased costs associated with insurance coverage, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks; 
 the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices, including changes due to production decisions by other countries, such as the failure of countries to abide by agreements to reduce production volumes; 
 51 

Table of Contents 

competition from other United States and foreign energy suppliers and transporters, as well as alternative forms of energy, including, but not limited to, solar power, wind power, geothermal energy and biofuels such as ethanol and biodiesel; 
 the ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms, including the effects of: 
 future demand for and prices of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil; 
 competitive conditions in the overall energy market; 
 availability of supplies of United States natural gas and crude oil; and 
 availability of additional storage capacity; 
 the efficiency of our plants in processing natural gas and extracting and fractionating NGLs; 
 the composition and quality of the natural gas and NGLs we gather and process in our plants and transport on our pipelines; 
 risks of marketing, trading and hedging activities, including the risks of changes in commodity prices or the financial condition of our counterparties; 
 our ability to control operating costs and make cost-saving changes; 
 the risks inherent in the use of information systems in our respective businesses and those of our counterparties and service providers, including cyber-attacks, which, according to experts, have increased in volume and sophistication since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic; implementation of new software and hardware; and the impact on the timeliness of information for financial reporting; 
 the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances; 
 the ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates; 
 the results of governmental actions, administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, executive orders, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body, including the FERC, the National Transportation Safety Board, Homeland Security, the PHMSA, the EPA and the CFTC; 
 the mechanical integrity of facilities and pipelines operated; 
 the capital-intensive nature of our businesses; 
 the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, debt and equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in equity and bond market returns; 
 actions by rating agencies concerning our credit; 
 our indebtedness and guarantee obligations could cause adverse consequences, including making us vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to borrow additional funds and placing us at competitive disadvantages compared with our competitors that have less debt; 
 our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us; 
 our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents or other approvals in a timely manner, to promptly obtain all necessary materials and supplies required for construction, and to construct gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage facilities without labor or contractor problems; 
 our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects; 
 difficulties or delays experienced by trucks, railroads or pipelines in delivering products to or from our terminals or pipelines; 
 the uncertainty of estimates, including accruals and costs of environmental remediation; 
 the impact of uncontracted capacity in our assets being greater or less than expected; 
 the impact of potential impairment charges; 
 the profitability of assets or businesses acquired or constructed by us; 
 the risks associated with pending or possible acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to finance or integrate any such acquisitions and any regulatory delay or conditions imposed by regulatory bodies in connection with any such acquisitions and dispositions; 
 the risk that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting could emerge or that minor problems could become significant; 
 the impact and outcome of pending and future litigation; 
 the impact of recently issued and future accounting updates and other changes in accounting policies; 
 the risk factors listed in the reports we have filed, which are incorporated by reference, and may file with the SEC; and 
 the length, severity and reemergence of a pandemic or other health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to address it, which may (as with COVID-19) precipitate or exacerbate one or more of the factors herein, reduce the demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil and significantly disrupt or prevent us and our customers and counterparties from operating in the ordinary course of business for an extended period and increase the cost of operating our business. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other factors could also affect adversely our future results. These and other risks are described in greater detail in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Annual Report and in our other filings that we make with the SEC, which are available via the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and other than as required under securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, expectations or otherwise. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our exposure to market risk discussed below includes forward-looking statements and represents an estimate of possible changes in future earnings that could occur assuming hypothetical future movements in interest rates or commodity prices. Our views on market risk are not necessarily indicative of actual results that may occur and do not represent the maximum possible gains and losses that may occur since actual gains and losses will differ from those estimated based on actual fluctuations in interest rates or commodity prices and the timing of transactions. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk due to commodity price and interest-rate volatility. Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We may use financial instruments, including forward sales, swaps, options and futures, to manage the risks of certain identifiable or anticipated transactions and achieve more predictable cash flows. Our risk-management function follows policies and procedures established by our Risk Oversight and Strategy Committee to monitor our natural gas, condensate and NGL marketing activities and interest rates to ensure our hedging activities mitigate market risks and comply with approved thresholds or limits. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 We utilize a sensitivity analysis model to assess the risk associated with our derivative portfolio. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential change in fair value of our derivative instruments based upon a hypothetical 10 movement in the underlying commodity prices or interest rates. In addition to these variables, the fair value of our derivative portfolio is influenced by fluctuations in the notional amounts of the instruments and the discount rates used to determine the present values. Because we enter into these derivative instruments for the purpose of mitigating the risks that accompany certain of our business activities, as described below, the change in the market value of our derivative portfolio would typically be offset largely by a corresponding gain or loss on the hedged item. 
 
 See Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for discussion on our accounting policies for our derivative instruments and the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 COMMODITY PRICE RISK 
 
 As part of our hedging strategy, we use commodity derivative financial instruments and physical-forward contracts described in Note D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report to reduce the impact of near-term price fluctuations of natural gas, NGLs and condensate. 
 
 Although our businesses are primarily fee-based, in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, we are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of retaining a portion of the commodity sales proceeds associated with our fee with POP contracts. Under certain fee with POP contracts, our contractual fees and POP percentage may increase or decrease if production volumes, delivery pressures or commodity prices change relative to specified thresholds. We are exposed to basis risk between the various production and market locations where we buy and sell commodities. 
 
 The following table presents the effect a hypothetical 10 change in the underlying commodity prices would have on the estimated fair value of our commodity derivative instruments as of the dates indicated: 
 Commodity Contracts December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Millions of dollars 
 Crude oil and NGLs 34.6 40.6 Natural gas 18.0 11.5 Total change in estimated fair value of commodity contracts 52.6 52.1 
 
 Our sensitivity analysis represents an estimate of the reasonably possible gains and losses that would be recognized on our commodity derivative contracts assuming hypothetical movements in future market prices and is not necessarily indicative of 
 53 

Table of Contents 

actual results that may occur. Actual gains and losses may differ from estimates due to actual fluctuations in market prices, as well as changes in our commodity derivative portfolio during the year. 
 
 The following tables set forth hedging information for our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment s forecasted equity volumes for the period indicated: 
 Year Ending December 31, 2023 Volumes Hedged Average Price Percentage Hedged NGLs - excluding ethane MBbl/d - Conway/Mont Belvieu 
 10.7 1.23 / gallon 67 Condensate MBbl/d - WTI-NYMEX 
 1.7 85.48 / Bbl 67 Natural gas BBtu/d - NYMEX and basis 
 99.2 3.50 / MMBtu 75 
 
 Year Ending December 31, 2024 Volumes Hedged Average Price Percentage Hedged Natural gas BBtu/d - NYMEX and basis 
 16.2 7.18 / MMBtu 11 
 
 Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment s commodity price sensitivity is estimated as a hypothetical change in the price of NGLs, crude oil and natural gas at December 31, 2022. Condensate sales are typically based on the price of crude oil. Assuming normal operating conditions, we estimate the following for our forecasted equity volumes: 
 a 0.01 per gallon change in the composite price of NGLs, excluding ethane, would change adjusted EBITDA for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, by 2.5 million and 2.6 million, respectively; 
 a 1.00 per barrel change in the price of crude oil would change adjusted EBITDA for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, by 0.9 million and 1.0 million, respectively; and 
 a 0.10 per MMBtu change in the price of residue natural gas would change adjusted EBITDA for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, by 4.8 million and 5.2 million, respectively. 
 
 These estimates do not include any effects of hedging or effects on demand for our services or natural gas processing plant operations that might be caused by, or arise in conjunction with, commodity price fluctuations. For example, a change in the gross processing spread may cause a change in the amount of ethane extracted from the natural gas stream, impacting gathering and processing financial results for certain contracts. 
 
 INTEREST-RATE RISK 
 
 We are exposed to interest-rate risk through borrowings under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, commercial paper program and long-term debt issuances. Future increases in commercial paper rates or bond rates could expose us to increased interest costs on future borrowings. We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt and interest-rate swaps. Interest-rate swaps are agreements to exchange interest payments at some future point based on specified notional amounts. 
 
 In 2022, we settled 750 million of our forward-starting interest-rate swaps related to our underwritten public offering of 750 million senior unsecured notes, resulting in a gain of 28.1 million, which is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and amortized into interest expense over the term of the related debt. In December 2022, we terminated the remaining 375 million of our forward-starting interest swaps that had mandatory termination dates of December 31, 2022. We simultaneously entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps with the same notional amounts at current market rates to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of our forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling 0.4 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively, to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of our forecasted debt issuances. All of our interest-rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had derivative assets of 10.9 million and derivative liabilities of 145.5 million, respectively, related to these interest-rate swaps. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the effect of a 10 hypothetical change in interest rates on the estimated fair value of our interest-rate derivative instruments as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Millions of dollars 
 Forward-starting interest-rate swaps 13.0 19.6 
 
 Our sensitivity analysis represents an estimate of the reasonably possible gains and losses that would be recognized on our interest-rate derivative contracts assuming hypothetical movements in future interest rates and is not necessarily indicative of actual results that may occur. Actual gains and losses may differ from estimates due to actual fluctuations in interest rates, as well as changes in our interest-rate derivative portfolio during the year. 
 
 See Note D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for more information on our hedging activities. 
 
 COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK 
 
 We assess the creditworthiness of our counterparties on an ongoing basis and require security, including prepayments and other forms of collateral, when appropriate. Certain of our counterparties may be impacted by a relatively low commodity price environment and could experience financial problems, which could result in nonpayment and/or nonperformance, which could impact adversely our results of operations. 
 
 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment derives services revenue primarily from major and independent crude oil and natural gas producers, which include both large integrated and independent exploration and production companies. In this segment, our downstream commodity sales customers are primarily utilities, large industrial companies, marketing companies and our NGL affiliate. We are not typically exposed to material credit risk with producers under fee with POP contracts as we sell the commodities and remit a portion of the sales proceeds back to the producer less our contractual fees. In 2022 and 2021, approximately 95 and 90 , respectively, of the downstream commodity sales in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment were made to customers rated investment-grade by S P, approved through comparable internal counterparty analysis, or were secured by letters of credit or other collateral. 
 
 Natural Gas Liquids - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment s counterparties are primarily NGL and natural gas gathering and processing companies; major and independent crude oil and natural gas production companies; utilities; large industrial companies; natural gasoline distributors; propane distributors; municipalities; and petrochemical, refining and marketing companies. We charge fees to NGL and natural gas gathering and processing counterparties and NGL pipeline transportation customers. We are not typically exposed to material credit risk on the majority of our exchange services fees, as we purchase NGLs from our gathering and processing counterparties and deduct our fee from the amounts we remit. We also earn sales revenue on the downstream sales of purity NGLs. In 2022 and 2021, approximately 85 and 70 , respectively, of this segment s commodity sales were made to customers rated investment-grade by S P, approved through comparable internal counterparty analysis, or were secured by letters of credit or other collateral. In addition, the majority of our Natural Gas Liquids segment s pipeline tariffs provide us the ability to require security from shippers. 
 
 Natural Gas Pipelines - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment s customers are primarily local natural gas distribution companies, electric-generation facilities, large industrial companies, municipalities, producers, processors and marketing companies. In 2022 and 2021, approximately 90 and 85 , respectively, of our revenues in this segment were from customers rated investment-grade by S P, approved through comparable internal counterparty analysis, or were secured by letters of credit or other collateral. In addition, the majority of our Natural Gas Pipelines segment s pipeline tariffs provide us the ability to require security from shippers. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of ONEOK, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ONEOK, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accounting for the Medford Incident 
 
 As described in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, on July 9, 2022, a fire occurred at the Company s 210 MBbl/d Medford, Oklahoma, natural gas liquids fractionation facility. The Company has property damage and business interruption coverage against which they developed claims related to the Medford incident and recorded accruals for the expected insurance recoveries. Management records recoveries for incurred costs and lost earnings related to its business interruption coverage for the amount probable of recovery, not to exceed the actual losses incurred, and for lost earnings that have been realized and are no longer considered a gain contingency. Management assessed property damage to the facility and incurred costs and lost earnings related to business interruption, as well as timing of recognition under applicable insurance recovery guidance, and recorded accruals of 150.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was comprised of property damage of 45.6 million, with a corresponding write off of assets due to property damage of the facility; 9 million related to incurred costs in excess of the deductible that were probable of recovery, with an offset to the operating and maintenance line item; and 96.1 million primarily related to third-party fractionation costs incurred subsequent to the 45-day business interruption waiting period, with an offset to other operating (income) expense. The Company received a 100 million unallocated payment from the insurers in the fourth quarter of 2022, and had recorded an outstanding insurance receivable of 50.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the accounting for the Medford incident is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when assessing the application of accounting guidance for business interruption and the resulting recognition of incurred costs and lost earnings; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s assessment of the application of accounting guidance for business interruption and the resulting recognition of incurred costs and lost earnings. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the application of accounting guidance for business interruption and recognition of the incurred costs and lost earnings. These procedures also included, among others, (i) reading the related customer contracts to assess lost earnings; (ii) evaluating management s assessment of the incurred costs and lost earnings, including their assessment of the application of the appropriate accounting guidance for business interruption; (iii) testing the incurred costs, lost earnings, and related recovery, which included testing the appropriate presentation within the financial statements; and (iv) tracing the insurance payments received to the Company s general ledger. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Thousands of dollars, except per share amounts 
 Revenues Commodity sales Services Total revenues (Note Q) 
 Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below) Operations and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges (Notes E and F) 
 General taxes Other operating (income) expense, net (Note B) ) ) ) Operating income Equity in net earnings from investments (Note N) 
 Impairment of equity investments (Note N) 
 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest expense (net of capitalized interest of , and , respectively) 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes (Note M) 
 ) ) ) Net income Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic EPS (Note J) 
 Diluted EPS (Note J) 
 Average shares (thousands) 
 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Thousands of dollars 
 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 ) ) Derivative amounts reclassified to net income, net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 Change in retirement and other postretirement benefit plan obligations, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Thousands of dollars 
 Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Materials and supplies NGLs and natural gas in storage Commodity imbalances Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property, plant and equipment (Note E) 
 Investments and other assets Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (Note N) 
 Goodwill and net intangible assets (Note F) 
 Other assets Total investments and other assets Total assets 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Liabilities and equity Thousands of dollars 
 Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt (Note G) 
 Accounts payable Commodity imbalances Accrued interest Operating lease liability (Note P) 
 Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current maturities (Note G) 
 Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes (Note M) 
 Operating lease liability (Note P) 
 Other deferred credits Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note O) 
 Equity (Note H) 
 ONEOK shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: authorized and issued shares at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value: authorized shares; issued shares and outstanding 
 shares at December 31, 2022; issued shares and outstanding shares at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note I) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost: shares at December 31, 2022, and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

61 

Table of Contents 

This page intentionally left blank. 

62 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Thousands of dollars 
 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Equity in net earnings from investments ) ) ) Distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates Deferred income taxes Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) NGLs and natural gas in storage, net of commodity imbalances ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Risk-management assets and liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures (less allowance for equity funds used during construction) ) ) ) Distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates in excess of cumulative earnings 
 Other, net ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Dividends paid ) ) ) Borrowing (repayment) of short-term borrowings, net ) Issuance of long-term debt, net of discounts Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Other ) ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Preferred Stock Issued Common Stock Issued Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Capital Shares 
 Thousands of dollars 
 January 1, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) Other, net December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (Note I) 
 Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) Other, net December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (Note I) 
 Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 Other, net December 31, 2022 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Equity Thousands of dollars 
 January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Other, net December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (Note I) Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Other, net December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (Note I) Preferred stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Common stock issued Common stock dividends - per share (Note H) 
 ) ) Other, net December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

ONEOK, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A. 
 
 ownership interest in Overland Pass, which operates an interstate NGL pipeline originating in Wyoming and Colorado and terminating in Kansas. The majority of the pipeline-connected natural gas processing plants in the Williston Basin, Oklahoma, Kansas and the Texas Panhandle are connected to our NGL gathering systems. We lease rail cars and own and operate truck- and rail-loading and -unloading facilities connected to our NGL fractionation, storage and pipeline assets. We also own FERC-regulated NGL distribution pipelines in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois and Indiana that connect our Mid-Continent assets with Midwest markets, including Chicago, Illinois. A portion of our ONEOK North System transports refined petroleum products, including unleaded gasoline and diesel, from Kansas to Iowa. 
 
 Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, through its wholly owned assets primarily in Oklahoma, Texas and the upper Midwest, provides transportation and storage services to end users, such as natural gas distribution and electric-generation companies that require natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of location price differentials. We have ownership interests in Northern Border and Roadrunner, which provide transportation services to various end users. Our assets are connected to key supply areas and demand centers, including supply areas in Canada and the United States via our intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines and Northern Border, and export markets in Mexico via Roadrunner which enable us to provide essential natural gas transportation and storage services. 

66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

68 

Table of Contents 

69 

Table of Contents 

70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

of service. The expense and liability related to these plans is calculated using statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. These factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality and employment length. In determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize. 
 
 See Note L for our retirement and other postretirement employee benefits disclosures. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update - Changes to GAAP are established by the FASB in the form of ASUs to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not discussed herein were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or clarifications of ASUs previously issued. 

B. 
 
 billion and deductibles of million per occurrence for property damage and a waiting period per occurrence for business interruption coverage. Beginning in August 2022, we developed claims related to the Medford incident and recorded accruals for the expected insurance recoveries. We assessed incurred costs and lost earnings related to business interruption and property damage to our facility, as well as timing of recognition under applicable insurance recovery guidance, and recorded accruals of million in 2022. We received a million unallocated payment from our insurers in the fourth quarter 2022. 
 
 We assessed the property damage to our facility and wrote off assets totaling million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents the value associated with certain damaged Medford facility property. We recorded an insurance receivable that was probable of recovery and fully offsets our noncash property losses, resulting in no impact to our Consolidated Statement of Income. We expect to continue to operate NGL pipeline assets in Medford along with existing offices for regional operations. In addition, we are preserving certain Medford assets for future potential NGL facilities that could be constructed in Medford to enhance our NGL business as the market evolves. Our property insurance policy also includes coverage for expenses incurred in response to the Medford incident. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded accruals of million related to the incurred costs in excess of our million deductible that were probable of recovery, with an offset to the operations and maintenance line item in our Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Our business interruption insurance provides coverage including, but not limited to (i) incurred costs and losses that are either unavoidable or incurred to mitigate or reduce losses and (ii) lost earnings. We record recoveries for incurred costs and losses related to our business interruption coverage for the amount probable of recovery, not to exceed the actual losses incurred and 
 73 

Table of Contents 

million, related primarily to third-party fractionation costs incurred subsequent to the business interruption waiting period. Accruals for business interruption insurance proceeds are recorded to other operating (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Subsequent Event - On January 9, 2023, we reached an agreement with our insurers to settle all claims for physical damage and business interruption related to the Medford incident. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to resolve the claims for total insurance payments of million, million of which was received in 2022. The remaining million was received in January and February 2023. The proceeds serve as settlement for property damage, business interruption claims to the date of the settlement and as payment in lieu of future business interruption insurance claims. 
 
 In the first quarter 2023, we applied the million received to our outstanding insurance receivable at December 31, 2022 of million, and recorded an operational gain for the remaining million. 

C. 

) Interest-rate contracts Total derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities 
 Commodity contracts Financial contracts ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) 
 (a) - Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheet on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master-netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and us. At December 31, 2022, we held cash and posted million of cash with various counterparties, which is included in other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total - Gross Netting (a) Total - Net Thousands of dollars 
 Derivative assets Commodity contracts Financial contracts ) Total derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities 
 Commodity contracts Financial contracts ) ) ) ) Interest-rate contracts ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) - Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheet on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master-netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and us. At December 31, 2021, we held cash and posted million of cash with various counterparties, including million of cash collateral that is offsetting derivative net liability positions under master-netting arrangements in the table above. The remaining million of cash collateral in excess of derivative net liability positions is included in other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ) Total changes in fair value: Settlements included in net income (a) Transfers out of Level 3 derivatives ) ) New Level 3 derivatives included in other comprehensive income (loss) (b) ) Unrealized change included in other comprehensive income (loss) (b) Net liabilities at end of period ) 
 (a) - Included in commodity sales revenues/cost of sales and fuel in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (b) - Included in change in fair value of derivatives in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, transfers out of Level 3 related to commodity derivatives associated with certain locations for both NGL and natural gas basis swaps were principally due to improved transparency of market prices as a result of the volume and frequency of transactions in these markets. We consider the valuation of these commodity derivatives transacted through a clearing broker and valued with an unadjusted published price from an exchange as a Level 2 valuation. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments - The approximate fair value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term borrowings is equal to book value due to the short-term nature of these items. Our cash and cash equivalents are composed of bank and money market accounts and are classified as Level 1. Our short-term borrowings are classified as Level 2 since the estimated fair value of the short-term borrowings can be determined using information available in the commercial paper market. We have investments associated with our supplemental executive retirement plan and nonqualified deferred compensation plan that are carried at fair value and primarily are composed of exchange-traded mutual funds classified as Level 1. 
 
 The estimated fair value of our consolidated long-term debt, including current maturities, was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The book value of our consolidated long-term debt, including current maturities, was billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The estimated fair value of the aggregate senior notes outstanding was determined using quoted market prices for similar issues with similar terms and maturities. The estimated fair value of our consolidated long-term debt is classified as Level 2. 

D. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

financial derivative instruments with respect to our natural gas pipeline operations. 
 
 Interest-rate risk - We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt and interest-rate swaps. Interest-rate swaps are agreements to exchange interest payments at some future point based on specified notional amounts. In 2022, we settled million of our forward-starting interest-rate swaps related to our underwritten public offering of million senior unsecured notes resulting in a gain of million, which is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and amortized into interest expense over the term of the related debt. In December 2022, we terminated the remaining million of our forward-starting interest swaps that had mandatory termination dates of December 31, 2022. We simultaneously entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with the same notional amounts at current market rates to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of our forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling billion and billion, respectively, to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of our forecasted debt issuances. All of our interest-rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

) ) Other assets ) Interest-rate contracts Other current assets/liabilities ) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Commodity contracts (a) Financial contracts Other current assets ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) Total derivatives ) ) 
 (a) - Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis when a legally enforceable master-netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and us. 
 (b) - At December 31, 2021, our derivative net liability positions under master-netting arrangements for financial contracts were fully offset by cash collateral of million. 
 
 Notional Quantities for Derivative Instruments -) ) -Crude oil and NGLs MMBbl 
 Futures ) ) Basis -Natural gas Bcf 
 Futures ) ) Interest-rate contracts Billions of dollars 
 Swaps Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Fixed price -Natural gas Bcf 
 Futures ) -Crude oil and NGLs MMBbl 
 Futures Basis -Natural gas Bcf 
 Futures ) 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges -) ) ) Interest-rate contracts ) Total unrealized change in fair value of cash flow hedges in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) Cost of sales and fuel ) Interest-rate contracts (a) Interest expense ) ) ) Total change in fair value of cash flow hedges reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income on derivatives 
 ) ) ) 
 (a) - The year ended December 31, 2020, includes a loss of million on the settlement of billion of interest-rate swaps used to hedge our LIBOR-based interest payments. 
 
 Credit Risk - We monitor the creditworthiness of our counterparties and compliance with policies and limits established by our Risk Oversight and Strategy Committee. We maintain credit policies with regard to our counterparties that we believe minimize overall credit risk. These policies include an evaluation of potential counterparties financial condition (including credit ratings, bond yields and credit default swap rates), collateral requirements under certain circumstances and the use of standardized master-netting agreements that allow us to net the positive and negative exposures associated with a single counterparty. We use internally developed credit ratings for counterparties that do not have a credit rating. 
 
 Our financial commodity derivatives are generally settled through a NYMEX or ICE clearing broker account with daily margin requirements. However, we may enter into financial derivative instruments that contain provisions that require us to maintain an investment-grade credit rating from S P, Fitch and/or Moody s. If our credit ratings on our senior unsecured long-term debt were to decline below investment grade, the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. There were financial derivative instruments with contingent features related to credit risk at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The counterparties to our derivative contracts typically consist of major energy companies, financial institutions and commercial and industrial end users. This concentration of counterparties may affect our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that the counterparties may be affected similarly by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. Based on our policies, exposures, credit and other reserves, we do not anticipate a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations as a result of counterparty nonperformance. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the credit exposure from our derivative assets is with investment-grade companies in the financial services sector. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

E. 
 
 to 
 Processing and fractionation and related equipment to 
 Storage and related equipment to 
 Transmission pipelines and related equipment to 
 General plant and other to 
 Construction work in process Regulated Storage and related equipment to 
 Natural gas transmission pipelines and related equipment to 
 NGL transmission pipelines and related equipment to 
 General plant and other to 
 Construction work in process Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization - nonregulated ) ) Accumulated depreciation and amortization - regulated ) ) Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 Natural Gas Pipelines 
 
 We incurred costs for construction work in process that had not been paid at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of million, million and million, respectively. Such amounts are not included in capital expenditures (less AFUDC) on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Medford Assets - In connection with the Medford incident, we assessed the property damage to our facility and wrote off assets totaling million, which represents the carrying value associated with certain damaged Medford facility property. These noncash property losses are fully offset by insurance recoveries. 
 
 million, which includes a natural gas processing plant and infrastructure in the Powder River Basin and its related supply contracts and natural gas processing plants and infrastructure in western Oklahoma and Kansas. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, we recorded noncash impairment charges of million related primarily to certain inactive assets, as our expectation for future use of the assets changed. These charges are included within impairment charges in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

79 

Table of Contents 

F. 

Natural Gas Pipelines Total goodwill 
 
 Impairment Charges - In 2020, we experienced a significant decline in our share price and market capitalization as the energy industry experienced historic events that led to a simultaneous demand and supply disruption. Due to the impact of these events, we tested our goodwill for impairment and concluded that the carrying value of the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, resulting in a noncash impairment charge of million, which is included within impairment charges in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. We have no remaining goodwill in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. 
 
 Intangible Assets - Our intangible assets relate primarily to contracts acquired through acquisitions in our Natural Gas Liquids segment, which are being amortized over periods of to years. Amortization expense for intangible assets was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020, and the amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be million. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net intangible assets 
 
 million related to supply contracts associated with our natural gas processing plant in the Powder River Basin, which was also impaired. These charges are included within impairment charges in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

G. 
 
 Senior unsecured obligations: at due October 2022 
 at due September 2023 
 at due September 2023 
 at due September 2024 
 at due March 2025 
 at due September 2025 
 at due January 2026 
 at due July 2027 
 at due July 2028 
 at due September 2028 
 at due March 2029 
 at due September 2029 
 at due March 2030 
 at due January 2031 
 at due November 2032 
 at due June 2035 
 at due October 2036 
 at due October 2037 
 at due February 2041 
 at due September 2043 
 at due July 2047 
 at due July 2048 
 at due September 2049 
 at due March 2050 
 at due January 2051 
 Guardian term loan, rate of as of December 31, 2022, due June 2025 
 Total debt Unamortized portion of terminated swaps Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 (a) - Individual issuances of commercial paper under our commercial paper program generally mature in 90 days or less. 
 
 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement - In June 2022, we amended and restated our Billion Credit Agreement, extending its maturity to June 2027. Our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement is a revolving credit facility and contains certain customary conditions for borrowing, as well as customary financial, affirmative and negative covenants. to 1 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement includes a million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans. Under the terms of the 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement, we may request up to an aggregate billion increase in the size of the facility, upon satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders. The 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in our credit ratings. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

We are required to pay an annual facility fee equal to the daily amount of aggregate commitments under the 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement times an applicable rate based on our credit rating at the time of determination. Under our current credit ratings, . We have the option to request two one-year maturity extensions, subject to lender approvals. The 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement also contains various customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in a termination of the lenders commitments and the acceleration of all of our obligations thereunder. As of December 31, 2022, our ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA was to 1, and we were in compliance with all covenants under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had letters of credit issued totaling million and million, respectively, a nd borrowings outstanding under our 2.5 Billion Credit Agreement. 
 
 Guardian Term Loan Agreement - million unsecured term loan agreement. The Guardian Term Loan Agreement matures in June 2025, and . The Guardian Term Loan Agreement allows prepayment of all or any portion outstanding without penalty or premium. During the second quarter 2022, Guardian drew the full 120 million available under the agreement and used the proceeds to repay intercompany debt with ONEOK. As of December 31, 2022, Guardian was in compliance with all covenants under the Guardian Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Obligations - All notes are senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, and are structurally subordinate to any of the existing and future debt and other liabilities of any non guarantor subsidiaries. 
 
 Issuances - In November 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of million, senior unsecured notes due 2032. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were million. The proceeds were used primarily to repay all outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. The remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In May 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of billion senior unsecured notes consisting of million, senior notes due 2026; million, senior notes due 2031; and million, senior notes due 2051. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were billion. A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the outstanding borrowings under our Billion Term Loan Agreement. The remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In March 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of billion senior unsecured notes consisting of million, senior notes due 2025; million, senior notes due 2030; and million, senior notes due 2050. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were billion. A portion of the proceeds was used to pay all outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. The remainder was used for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of other existing indebtedness and funding capital expenditures. 
 
 Repayments - In July 2022, we redeemed the remaining million of our senior notes due October 2022 at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with cash on hand and short-term borrowings. 
 
 In November 2021, we redeemed the remaining million of our million, senior notes due February 2022 at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with cash on hand and short-term borrowings. 
 
 In June 2021, we repaid the remaining million of Guardian s senior notes due December 2022 with cash on hand. 
 
 In 2021, we repurchased in the open market outstanding principal of certain of our senior notes in the amount of million for an aggregate repurchase price of million with cash on hand. 
 
 In May 2020, we repaid the remaining billion of our Billion Term Loan Agreement with cash on hand from our May 2020 public offering of billion senior unsecured notes. 
 
 In 2020, we repurchased in the open market outstanding principal of certain of our senior notes in the amount of million for an aggregate repurchase price of million with cash on hand. In connection with these open market repurchases, we recognized million of net gains on extinguishment of debt, which is included in other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

million, senior notes due September 2023, with a redemption effective date in late February 2023. We expect the redemption price to equal of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, which we will pay with cash on hand. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Compliance with Debt Covenants - As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various debt agreements. 
 
 Other - 
 
 Debt Guarantees - ONEOK, ONEOK Partners and the Intermediate Partnership have cross guarantees in place for our and ONEOK Partners indebtedness. The Guardian Term Loan Agreement is not guaranteed by ONEOK, ONEOK Partners or the Intermediate Partnership. 

H. 
 
 shares of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock currently issued or outstanding. 
 
 Equity Issuances - In July 2020, we established an at-the-market equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of billion. The program allows us to offer and sell common stock at prices we deem appropriate through a sales agent, in forward sales transactions through a forward seller or directly to one or more of the program s managers acting as principals. Sales of our common stock may be made by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the NYSE, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed to between us and the sales agent. We are under no obligation to offer and sell common stock under the program. shares have been sold through our at-the-market program as of the date of this report. 
 
 In June 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of per share, generating net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, of million. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of existing indebtedness and funding capital expenditures. 
 
 Dividends - Holders of our common stock share equally in any dividend declared by our Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of outstanding Series E Preferred Stock. Dividends paid totaled billion, billion and billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

per share per share on an annualized basis), which was paid to shareholders of record as of . 
 
 per year. We paid dividends for the Series E Preferred Stock of million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We paid quarterly dividends totaling million for the Series E Preferred Stock in February 2023. 

I. ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified to net income (c) Other comprehensive income December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified to net income (c) Other comprehensive income December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (a) - All amounts are presented net of tax. 
 (b) - Includes amounts related to supplemental executive retirement plan. 
 (c) - See Note D for details of amounts reclassified to net income for risk-management assets/liabilities. 
 
 Settled interest-rate swaps to be recognized over the life of the long-term, fixed-rate debt (c) 
 ) Interest-rate swaps with future settlement dates expected to be amortized over the life of long-term debt (d) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (a) - All amounts are presented net of tax. 
 (b) - Based on commodity prices on December 31, 2022, we expect net gains of million, net of tax, will be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. 
 (c) - We expect net losses of million, net of tax, will be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. 
 (d) - Includes the interest rate swaps terminated in December 2022. See Note D for more details. 

84 

Table of Contents 

J. 
 
 Diluted EPS Effect of dilutive securities Net income available for common stock and common stock equivalents 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Income Shares Per Share Amount Thousands, except per share amounts 
 Basic EPS Net income available for common stock Diluted EPS Effect of dilutive securities Net income available for common stock and common stock equivalents 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Income Shares Per Share Amount Thousands, except per share amounts 
 Basic EPS Net income available for common stock Diluted EPS Effect of dilutive securities Net income available for common stock and common stock equivalents 

K. 
 
 million shares of common stock for issuance under the EIP and at December 31, 2022, we had million shares available for issuance under the plan. This calculation of available shares reflects shares issued and estimated shares expected to be issued upon vesting of outstanding awards granted under the EIP, excluding estimated forfeitures expected to be returned to the plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units - We have granted restricted stock units to key employees that vest at the end of a designated period, typically three years, and entitle the grantee to receive shares of our common stock. Restricted stock unit awards are measured at fair value as if they were vested and issued on the grant date and adjusted for estimated forfeitures. Restricted stock unit awards accrue dividend equivalents in the form of additional restricted stock units prior to vesting. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. 
 
 Performance Unit Awards - We have granted performance unit awards to key employees that vest at the end of a three -year period. Performance unit awards are measured at fair value on the grant date based on a Monte Carlo model and adjusted for estimated forfeitures. Performance unit awards accrue dividend equivalents in the form of additional performance units prior to vesting. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

million in value as of the grant date. performance unit awards or restricted stock unit awards have been made to non-employee directors, and there are options outstanding. 
 
 General 
 
 For all awards outstanding, we used a forfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures under our share-based payment plans. We currently use treasury stock to satisfy our share-based payment obligations. 
 
 Compensation expense for our share-based payment plans was million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, before related tax benefits of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to our nonvested restricted stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years . 
 Granted Released to participants ) Forfeited ) Nonvested December 31, 2022 
 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant date fair value (per share) Fair value of units granted (thousands of dollars) Grant date fair value of units vested (thousands of dollars) 
 
 Performance Unit Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of tot al unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested performance unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years . 
 Granted Released to participants ) Forfeited ) Nonvested December 31, 2022 
 2022 2021 2020 Volatility (a) Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate 
 (a) - Volatility was based on historical volatility over three years using daily stock price observations. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of units granted (thousands of dollars) Grant date fair value of units vested (thousands of dollars) 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 We have reserved a total of million shares of common stock for issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP). Subject to certain exclusions, all employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP. Employees can choose to have up to of their base pay withheld from each paycheck during the offering period to purchase our common stock, subject to terms and limitations of the plan. The purchase price of the stock is of the lower of its grant date or exercise date market price. Approximately , and of employees participated in the plan in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Under the plan, we sold shares at a weighted average of per share in 2022, shares at a weighted average of per share in 2021 and shares at a weighted average of per share in 2020. 
 
 Employee Stock Award Program 
 
 Under our Employee Stock Award Program, we issue, for no monetary consideration, to all eligible employees one share of our common stock when the per-share closing price of our common stock on the NYSE is at or above each one-dollar increment above its previous high closing price. The total number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under this program is . Shares issued to employees under this program during 2020 totaled . Compensation expense related to the Employee Stock Award Program was million for 2020. shares were issued to employees under this program in 2022 or 2021. As of the date of this report, the next award will be issued when our common stock closes at or above . 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors 
 
 Our Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors provides our non-employee directors the option to defer all or a portion of their compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Under the plan, directors may elect either a cash deferral option or a phantom stock option. Under the cash deferral option, directors may elect to defer the receipt of all or a portion of their annual retainer fees, which will be credited with interest during the deferral period. Under the phantom stock option, directors may defer all or a portion of their annual retainer fees and receive such fees on a deferred basis in the form of shares of common stock under our EIP, which earn the equivalent of dividends declared on our common stock. Shares are distributed to non-employee directors at the fair market value of our common stock at the date of distribution. 

L . 
 
 of full-time consecutive service. The postretirement medical plan for pre-Medicare participants is contributory, with retiree contributions adjusted periodically, and contains other cost-sharing features such as deductibles and coinsurance. The postretirement medical plan for Medicare-eligible participants is an account-based plan under which participants may elect to purchase private insurance policies under a private exchange and/or seek reimbursement of other eligible medical expenses. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation, end of period (a) Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Plan participants contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period (b) Balance at December 31 ) ) ) ) Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) - The benefit obligation for Retirement Benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, include the supplemental executive retirement plan obligation. 
 (b) - Fair value of plan assets for Retirement Benefits exclude the assets of our supplemental executive retirement plan, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and are not treated as assets of the supplemental executive retirement plan. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for our retirement plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The actuarial gains impacting our benefit obligations for our retirement and other postretirement benefit plans are due primarily to changes in the discount rate assumptions discussed in the Actuarial Assumptions section below. 
 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost - 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

) ) Prior service cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net loss Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 (a) - Other Postretirement Benefits for the year ended December 31, 2020, includes a million tax loss incurred from the exit of an investment in an insurance contract. ) Accumulated loss ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial Assumptions - 
 Compensation increase rate NA NA 
 
 The following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate - retirement plans Discount rate - other postretirement plans Expected long-term return on plan assets Compensation increase rate 

89 

Table of Contents 

Rate to which the cost-trend rate is assumed to decline 
 (the ultimate trend rate) 
 Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

Long duration fixed income Return-seeking credit Hedge funds Real estate funds Total 
 
 As part of our risk management for the plans, minimums and maximums have been set for each of the asset classes listed above. 
 
 Common/collective trusts Equity securities (a) Real estate funds Government obligations Corporate obligations (b) Short-term investments Other investments (c) Fair value of plan assets 
 (a) - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries. 
 (b) - This category represents bonds from diverse industries. 
 (c) - This category repre sen ts alternative investments in limited partnerships, which can be redeemed with a 30-day notice with no further restrictions. There are unfunded capital commitments. These limited partnerships invest through multi-strategy programs in broadly diversified portfolios of private investment funds, hedge funds and/or separate accounts to seek equity-like returns with low market correlation, reduced volatility and limited risk. 
 (d) - Plan asset investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Common/collective trusts Equity securities (a) Real estate funds Government obligations Corporate obligations (b) Short-term investments Other investments (c) Fair value of plan assets 
 (a) - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries. 
 (b) - This category represents bonds from diverse industries. 
 (c) - This category repre sen ts alternative investments in limited partnerships, which can be redeemed with a 30-day notice with no further restrictions. There are unfunded capital commitments. These limited partnerships invest through multi-strategy programs in broadly diversified portfolios of private investment funds, hedge funds and/or separate accounts to seek equity-like returns with low market correlation, reduced volatility and limited risk. 
 (d) - Plan asset investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share. 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefits December 31, 2022 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Thousands of dollars 
 Investments: Equity securities (a) Money market funds Municipal obligations Fair value of plan assets 
 (a) - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries. 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefits December 31, 2021 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Thousands of dollars 
 Investments: Equity securities (a) Money market funds Municipal obligations Fair value of plan assets 
 (a) - This category represents securities of the respective market sector from diverse industries. 
 
 Contributions - During 2022, we made contributions to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Our defined benefit pension plan has a minimum required contribution of approximately million in 2023. We expect that any contributions to our defined benefit pension plan in 2023 will be satisfied entirely through a non-cash offset against our prefunding account balance. We do not expect to make any contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans in 2023. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 
 The expected benefits to be paid are based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligation at December 31, 2022, and include estimated future employee service. 
 
 Other Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 401(k) Plan - We have a 401(k) Plan covering all employees, and employee contributions are discretionary. We match of employee 401(k) Plan contributions up to of each participant s eligible compensation each payroll period, subject to certain limits. We also make profit-sharing contributions under our 401(k) Plan for employees who do not participate in our defined benefit pension plan. We generally make a quarterly profit-sharing contribution equal to of each profit-sharing participant s eligible compensation during the quarter and an annual discretionary profit-sharing contribution equal to a percentage of each profit-sharing participant s eligible compensation. Our contributions made to the plan, including profit-sharing contributions, were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan - The 2020 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and its predecessor nonqualified deferred compensation plans (collectively, the NQDC Plan) provide a select group of management and highly compensated employees, as approved by our Chief Executive Officer, with the option to defer portions of their compensation and receive notional employer contributions that generally are not available due to limitations on employer and employee contributions to qualified defined contribution plans under federal tax laws. We have investments included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the NQDC Plan, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These investments are maintained in a rabbi trust. Our contributions to the plan were not material in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

M. 
 
 State Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense Federal State Total deferred tax expense Total provision for income taxes 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Federal statutory income tax rate Provision for federal income taxes State income taxes, net of federal benefit Deferred tax rate change, inclusive of valuation allowance ) Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation ) ) ) Other, net (a) ) Income tax provision 
 (a) The year ended December 31, 2021, includes million impact from previously recognized gains on certain benefit plan investments. 
 
 Federal net operating loss State net operating loss and benefits Derivative instruments Other (a) Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance for state net operating loss and tax credits Carryforward expected to expire prior to utilization ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Excess of tax over book depreciation Investment in partnerships (b) Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 (a) The year ended December 31, 2022, includes an indefinite-lived interest limitation carryforward of million. 
 (b) Due primarily to excess of tax over book depreciation. 

billion, the majority of which have an indefinite carryforward period. We expect to generate taxable income and utilize these net operating loss carryforwards in future periods. We also have loss and credit carryovers in multiple states, billion of which have an indefinite carryforward period and billion of which will expire between 2024 and 2039 . We have deferred tax assets related to federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards of billion and billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits of certain state carryforwards will not be utilized; therefore, we recorded a valuation allowance, which was reduced by million in 2022, and increased by million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, through net income . 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

N. 

Northern Border Roadrunner Other Various Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (a) 
 (a) - Equity-method goodwill (Note A) was million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Equity in Net Earnings from Investments and Impairments - 
 Roadrunner Overland Pass Other Equity in net earnings from investments Impairment of equity investments ) 
 
 Impairment Charges - In 2020, we incurred a noncash impairment charge of million related to our investment in Venice Energy Services Company in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, which includes million related to equity-method goodwill, and a million noncash impairment charge related to our investment in Chisholm Pipeline Company in our Natural Gas Liquids segment. These impairment charges are included within impairment of equity investments in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 We incurred expenses in transactions with unconsolidated affiliates of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to Overland Pass and Northern Border. Revenue earned and accounts receivable from, and accounts payable to, our equity-method investees were not material. 
 
 Northern Border - The Northern Border partnership agreement provides that distributions to Northern Border s partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner s ownership percentage interest. The Northern Border Management Committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. Any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distribution policy of Northern Border requires the unanimous approval of the Northern Border Management Committee. Cash distributions are equal to of distributable cash flow as determined from Northern Border s financial statements based upon EBITDA less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. Loans or other advances from Northern Border to its partners or affiliates are prohibited under its credit agreement. In all periods presented, we made contributions to Northern Border. 
 
 Roadrunner - The Roadrunner agreement provides that distributions to members are made on a pro rata basis according to each member s ownership interest. As the operator, we have been delegated the authority to determine such distributions in accordance with, and on the frequency set forth in, the Roadrunner agreement. Cash distributions are equal to of available cash, as defined in the limited liability company agreement. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, our contributions to Roadrunner were not material. 
 
 We have an operating agreement with Roadrunner that provides for reimbursement or payment to us for management services and certain operating costs. Reimbursements and payments from Roadrunner included in operating income in our Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented were not material. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

of available cash as defined in the limited liability company agreement. In all periods presented, our contributions to Overland Pass were not material. 

O. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Environmental Matters and Pipeline Safety - The operation of pipelines, plants and other facilities for the gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation and storage of natural gas, NGLs, condensate and other products is subject to numerous and complex laws and regulations pertaining to health, safety and the environment. As an owner and/or operator of these facilities, we must comply with laws and regulations that relate to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste management and disposal, cultural resource protection and other environmental and safety matters. The cost of planning, designing, constructing and operating pipelines, plants and other facilities must incorporate compliance with these laws, regulations and safety standards. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and potentially criminal enforcement measures, including citizen suits, which can include the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial requirements and the issuance of injunctions or restrictions on operation or construction. Management does not believe that, based on currently known information, a material risk of noncompliance with these laws and regulations exists that will affect adversely our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Legal Proceedings - We are a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. While the results of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. Additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

P. 

Through ONEOK Leasing Company, L.L.C. and ONEOK Parking Company, L.L.C., we own an office building and a parking garage and lease excess space in these facilities to affiliates and others. Our consolidated lease income is not material. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Finance lease Property, plant and equipment Finance lease Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating leases Operating lease liability Finance lease Other current liabilities Noncurrent Operating leases Operating lease liability Finance lease Other deferred credits Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance lease Weighted average discount rate (a) Operating leases Finance lease 
 (a) - Our weighted-average discount rates represent the rate implicit in the lease or our incremental borrowing rate for a term equal to the remaining term of the lease. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 

96 

Table of Contents 

Q. 

Revenue recognized included in beginning balance ) Net additions Balance at December 31, 2021 (a) Revenue recognized included in beginning balance ) Net additions Balance at December 31, 2022 (b) 
 (a) - Contract liabilities of million and million are included in other current liabilities and other deferred credits, respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) - Contract liabilities of million and million are included in other current liabilities and other deferred credits, respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Receivables from Customers and Revenue Disaggregation - Substantially all of the balances in accounts receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, relate to customer receivables. Revenues sources are disaggregated in Note R. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Unsatisfied Performance Obligations - We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) variable consideration on contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. 
 
 : 
 Expected Period of Recognition in Revenue Millions of dollars 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 and beyond Total estimated transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations 
 
 The table above excludes variable consideration allocated entirely to wholly unsatisfied performance obligations, wholly unsatisfied promises to transfer distinct goods or services that are part of a single performance obligation and consideration we determine to be fully constrained. Information on the nature of the variable consideration excluded and the nature of the performance obligations to which the variable consideration relates can be found in the description of the major contract types discussed in Note A. The amounts we determined to be fully constrained relate to future sales obligations under long-term sales contracts where the transaction price is not known and minimum volume agreements, which we consider to be fully constrained until invoiced. 

R. 

97 

Table of Contents 

or more of our consolidated revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, revenues from one customer in our Natural Gas Liquids segment represented approximately of our consolidated revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had no single customer from which we received or more of our consolidated revenues. 
 
 Operating Segment Information - 
 Residue natural gas sales Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue Other Total revenues (c) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) ) ) ) ) Operating costs ) ) ) ) Equity in net earnings from investments Noncash compensation expense Other Segment adjusted EBITDA Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (a) - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment s regulated operations had revenues of billion, of which billion related to revenues within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (b) - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment s regulated operations had revenues of million, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (c) Intersegment revenues are primarily commodity sales, which are based on the contracted selling price that is generally index-based and settled monthly, and for the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment totaled billion. Intersegment revenues for the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines segments were not material. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

) Residue natural gas sales ) Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue ) Other ) Total revenues (a) ) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) ) ) Operating costs ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Equity in net earnings from investments Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (a) - Noncustomer revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled ) million related primarily to losses from derivatives on commodity contracts. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Natural Gas Liquids (a) Natural Gas Pipelines (b) Total Segments Thousands of dollars 
 NGL and condensate sales Residue natural gas sales Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue Other Total revenues (c) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) 
 ) ) ) ) Operating costs ) ) ) ) Equity in net earnings from investments Noncash compensation expense and other Segment adjusted EBITDA Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (a) - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment s regulated operations had revenues of billion, of which billion related to revenues within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (b) - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment s regulated operations had revenues of million, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (c) -Intersegment revenues are primarily commodity sales, which are based on the contracted selling price that is generally index-based and settled monthly, and for the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment totaled billion. Intersegment revenues for the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines segments were not material. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

) Residue natural gas sales Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue ) Other ) Total revenues (a) ) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) ) ) Operating costs ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Equity in net earnings from investments Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (a) - Noncustomer revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, totaled ) million related primarily to losses from derivatives on commodity contracts. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Natural Gas Liquids (a) Natural Gas Pipelines (b) Total Segments Thousands of dollars 
 NGL and condensate sales Residue natural gas sales Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue Other Total revenues (c) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) 
 ) ) ) ) Operating costs ) ) ) ) Equity in net earnings (loss) from investments ) Noncash compensation expense and other Segment adjusted EBITDA Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Impairment charges ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (a) - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment s regulated operations had revenues of billion, of which billion related to revenues within the segment, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (b) - Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment has regulated and nonregulated operations. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment s regulated operations had revenues of million, cost of sales and fuel of million and operating costs of million. 
 (c) - Intersegment revenues are primarily commodity sales, which are based on the contracted selling price, which is generally index-based and settled monthly, and for the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment totaled million. Intersegment revenues for the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines segments were not material. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

) Residue natural gas sales ) Gathering, processing and exchange services revenue Transportation and storage revenue ) Other ) Total revenues (a) ) Cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and operating costs) ) ) Operating costs ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Impairment charges ) ) Equity in net earnings from investments Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures (a) - Noncustomer revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, totaled million related primarily to gains from derivatives on commodity contract s. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of net income to total segment adjusted EBITDA 
 Thousands of dollars 
 Net income Add: Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Depreciation and amortization Income taxes Impairment charges Noncash compensation expense Other corporate costs and equity AFUDC (a) ) ) ) Total segment adjusted EBITDA 
 (a) - The year ended December 31, 2020, includes corporate net gains of million on extinguishment of debt related to open market repurchases. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report based on the evaluation of the controls and procedures required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on our evaluation under that framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein (Item 8). 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors of the Registrant 
 
 Information concerning our directors is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 Information concerning our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1, Business, of this Annual Report. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Information on compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Information concerning the code of ethics, or code of business conduct, is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Nominating Committee Procedures 
 
 Information concerning the Nominating Committee procedures is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Information concerning the Audit Committee is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Experts 
 
 Information concerning the Audit Committee Financial Experts is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information on executive compensation is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 Information concerning the ownership of certain beneficial owners is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Security Ownership of Management 
 
 Information on security ownership of directors and officers is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (3) (c) Equity compensation plans 
 approved by security holders (1) 
 3,320,600 5,111,244 Equity compensation plans 
 not approved by security holders (2) 
 330,002 65.70 Total 3,650,602 65.70 5,111,244 
 (1) - Includes shares granted under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Stock Award Program and restricted stock incentive unit awards and performance unit awards granted under our former Long-Term Incentive Plan, our former Equity Compensation Plan and our Equity Incentive Plan. For a brief description of the material features of these plans, see Note K of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. Column (c) includes 459,886, 130,204 and 4,521,154 shares available for future issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Stock Award Program and Equity Incentive Plan, respectively. 
 (2) - Includes our NQDC Plan, Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and our former Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. For a brief description of the material features of these plans, see Notes K and L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 (3) - There is no exercise price associated with restrictive stock incentive unit awards and performance unit awards. Compensation deferred into our common stock under our Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors is distributed to participants at fair market value on the date of distribution. The price used for these plans to calculate the weighted-average exercise price in the table is 65.70, which represents the 2022 year-end closing price of our common stock on the NYSE. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information on certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information concerning the principal accountant s fees and services is set forth in our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Page No. (a) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 56-57 (b) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 58 (c) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 59 (d) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 60-61 (e) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 63 (f) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 64-65 (g) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66-101 (2) Financial Statements Schedules All schedules have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required. 
 (3) Exhibits 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ONEOK, Inc., dated July 3, 2017, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed November 1, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of ONEOK, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24, 2023 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4 Certificate of Designation for Convertible Preferred Stock of WAI, Inc. (now ONEOK, Inc.) filed November 21, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed August 1, 2012 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.1 Certificate of Designation for Series C Participating Preferred Stock of ONEOK, Inc. filed November 21, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 3.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed August 1, 2012 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.2 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.3 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed November 21, 1997 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

4.4 Indenture dated December 28, 2001, between ONEOK, Inc. and SunTrust Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed December 28, 2001 (File No. 333-65392)). 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture dated September 25, 1998, between ONEOK, Inc. and Chase Bank of Texas, as trustee, with respect to the 6.875 Debentures due 2028 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 5(b) to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed October 2, 1998 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.7 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 20, 2015, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 3.80 Senior Notes due 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2015 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.8 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 20, 2015, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 4.90 Senior Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2015 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.9 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 13, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 13, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.10 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 13, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.95 Senior Notes due 2047 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 13, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.11 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK, Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2017 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.12 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series E Non-Voting Perpetual Preferred Stock of ONEOK, Inc. filed April 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 3.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated June 17, 2005, between ONEOK, Inc. and SunTrust Bank, as trustee, with respect to the 6.00 Senior Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.14 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 12, 2013, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2013 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

4.15 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 12, 2013, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 6.200 Senior Notes due 2043 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2013 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.16 Indenture, dated September 25, 2006, between ONEOK Partners, L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 26, 2006 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.17 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated September 25, 2006, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 6.65 Senior Notes due 2036 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 26, 2006 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.18 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 28, 2007, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 6.85 Senior Notes due 2037 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 28, 2007 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.19 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 13, 2012, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 3.375 Senior Notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2012 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.20 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated January 26, 2011, among ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the 6.125 Senior Notes due 2041 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2011 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 4.21 Indenture, dated January 26, 2012, among ONEOK, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2012 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.22 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 26, 2012, among ONEOK, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.25 Senior Notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2012 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.23 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated August 21, 2015, between ONEOK, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 7.50 Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 21, 2015 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.24 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 6.00 Senior Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.25 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2018, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.55 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.26 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2018, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 5.20 Senior Notes due 2048 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

4.27 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.35 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 13, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.28 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 5.20 Senior Notes due 2048 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 13, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.29 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 2.75 Senior Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.30 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 3.40 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.31 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.45 Senior Notes due 2049 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.32 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 2.200 Senior Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.33 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 3.100 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.34 Fifteenth Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.35 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 5.850 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.36 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 6.350 Senior Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.37 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 7.150 Senior Notes due 2051 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

4.38 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 18, 2022, among ONEOK, Inc., ONEOK Partners, L.P., ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee, with respect to the 6.100 Senior Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 4.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1 8 , 2022 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 4.39 Description of securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.43 to ONEOK, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 23, 2021 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10 ONEOK, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(a) to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 14, 2002 (File No. 1-13643) . 
 10.1 ONEOK, Inc. Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99 to ONEOK, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed January 25, 2001 (File No. 333-54274)). 
 10.2 ONEOK, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan terminated and frozen December 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2004 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.3 ONEOK, Inc. 2005 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, dated December 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 25, 2009 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.4 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2017, among ONEOK, Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, a swingline lender, a letter of credit issuer and a lender, and the other lenders, swingline lenders and letter of credit issuers parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 19, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement between ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK, Inc. officers and directors, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, filed February 25, 2015 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.6 Amended and Restated ONEOK, Inc. Annual Officer Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2009 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.7 ONEOK, Inc. Employee Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated December 16, 2004 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2004 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.8 ONEOK, Inc. 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, dated December 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 25, 2009 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.9 ONEOK, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated, dated December 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 25, 2009 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

10.10 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and between ONEOK Partners, L.P. and ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership, in favor of Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, under the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2017, by and among ONEOK, Inc., Citibank, N.A. and the other lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2017 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.11 Extension Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2018, among ONEOK, Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, a swingline lender, a letter of credit issuer and a lender, and the other lenders, swingline lenders and letter of credit issuers parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 18, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.12 First Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2019, among ONEOK, Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, a swingline lender, a letter of credit issuer and a lender, and the other lenders, swingline lenders and letter of credit issuers parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.13 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Overland Pass Pipeline Company LLC entered into between ONEOK Overland Pass Holdings, L.L.C. and Williams Field Services Company, LLC dated May 31, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to ONEOK Partners, L.P. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, filed August 4, 2006 (File No. 1-12202)). 
 10.14 Form of ONEOK, Inc. Officer Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 22, 2011 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.15 Form of 2023 Restricted Unit Stock Award Agreement dated February 22, 2023. 
 10.16 Form of 2023 Performance Unit Award Agreement dated February 22, 2023. 
 10.17 Form of 2022 Restricted Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 1, 2022 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.18 Form of 2022 Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 1, 2022 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.19 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2018, among ONEOK, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and a lender, and the other lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 21, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.20 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2018, by ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and ONEOK Partners, L.P. in favor of Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, under the above-referenced Term Loan Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit No. 10.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 21, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.21 ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to ONEOK, Inc. s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 5, 2018 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.22 ONEOK, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan, dated January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99 to ONEOK, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed December 30, 2004 (File No. 333-121769)). 
 10.23 ONEOK, Inc. Equity Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, dated December 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.44 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 25, 2009 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

10.24 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and TD Securities (USA) LLC as sales agents, principals and/or forward sellers, and Credit Suisse Capital LLC, Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Toronto-Dominion Bank as forward purchasers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K with a filing date of July 24, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.25 Form of Master Forward Confirmation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1.2 to ONEOK Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K with a filing date of July 24, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020, among ONEOK, Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, a swingline lender, a letter of credit issuer and a lender, and the other lenders, swingline lenders and letter of credit issuers parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2020 (File No. 1-13643) . 
 10.27 Form of 2019 Restricted Unit Award Agreement, dated February 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, filed February 26, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.28 Form of 2019 Performance Unit Award Agreement, dated February 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to ONEOK , Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, filed February 26, 2019 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.29 Form of 2021 Restricted Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to ONEOK, Inc . 's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 23, 2021 (File No. 1-13643)) . 
 10.30 Form of 2021 Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to ONEOK, Inc's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 23, 2021 (File No. 1-13643)) . 
 10.31 Form of 2020 Restricted Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed February 25, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.32 Form of 2020 Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed February 25, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.33 ONEOK, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended and restated effective May 23, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed August 1, 2012 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.34 Form of First Amendment to 2019 Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to ONEOK, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed February 25, 2020 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.35 ONEOK, Inc. 2020 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan dated July 24, 2019, and effective as of January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.40 to ONEOK, Inc . s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 23, 2021 (File No. 1-13643)) . 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

10.36 Form of ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Unit Award Agreement (Make-Whole Award) between ONEOK, Inc. and Pierce H. Norton II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed August 4, 2021 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.37 Form of ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Unit Award Agreement (Make-Whole Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 202 2 , filed November 2 , 202 2 File No. 1-13643 )). 
 10.38 Restricted Unit Award Agreement between ONEOK, Inc. and Pamela Amburgy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 2, 2022 File No. 1-13643 )). 
 10.39 Restricted Unit Award Agreement between ONEOK, Inc. and Janet Hogan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 2, 2022 File No. 1-13643 )). 
 10.40 Restricted Unit Award Agreement between ONEOK, Inc. and Darren Wallis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to ONEOK, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed November 2, 2022 File No. 1-13643 )). 
 10.41 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 10, 2022, by and among ONEOK, Inc., as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, a swing line lender, a letter of credit issuer and a lender, and the other lenders, swing line lenders and letter of credit issuers parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 13, 2022 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.42 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated June 10, 2022, by and between ONEOK Partners, L.P. and ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership, in favor of Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to ONEOK , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 13, 2022 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 10.43 Sworn Statement in Proof of Loss and Full and Final Settlement, Release, and Indemnity Agreement, dated January 9, 2023, among ONEOK, Inc., Bison Prairie Assurance, L.L.C., certain North American, British, and/or Continental European insurers who are parties thereto and certain North American, British, and/or Continental European reinsurers who are parties thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to ONEOK , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 10, 2023 (File No. 1-13643)). 
 21 Required information concerning the registrant s subsidiaries. 
 22.1 List of subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Pierce H. Norton II pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Walter S. Hulse III pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Pierce H. Norton II pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished only pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)). 
 32.2 Certification of Walter S. Hulse III pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished only pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report are the following Inline XBRL-related documents: (i) Document and Entity Information; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (vi) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vii) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ONEOK, Inc. Registrant Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Walter S. Hulse III Walter S. Hulse III Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 28th day of February 2023. 
 
 /s/ Julie H. Edwards /s/ Pierce H. Norton II Julie H. Edwards Pierce H. Norton II Board Chair President, Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ Walter S. Hulse III /s/ Mary M. Spears Walter S. Hulse III Mary M. Spears Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Senior Vice President and Chief Executive Vice President, Investor Accounting Officer, Finance and Relations and Corporate Development Tax /s/ Brian L. Derksen /s/ Pattye L. Moore Brian L. Derksen Pattye L. Moore Director Director /s/ Mark W. Helderman /s/ Eduardo A. Rodriguez Mark W. Helderman Eduardo A. Rodriguez Director Director /s/ Randall J. Larson /s/ Gerald B. Smith Randall J. Larson Gerald B. Smith Director Director /s/ Steven J. Malcolm Steven J. Malcolm Director /s/ Jim W. Mogg Jim W. Mogg Director 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

115 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 eip-2023rsuawardagreemen.htm
 RESTRICTED UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

eip-2023rsuawardagreemen 

ONEOK, INC. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Restricted Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is entered into as of the ____ day of __________, 2023 by and between ONEOK, Inc. (the Company and (the Grantee ), an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof and participant in the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 1. Restricted Unit Award. This Agreement and the Notice of Restricted Unit Award and Agreement dated February 22, 2023, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, establishes the terms and conditions for the Company s grant of an Award of Restricted Units (the Award to the Grantee pursuant to the Plan. This Agreement, when executed by the Grantee, constitutes an agreement between the Company and the Grantee. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. 2. Restricted Period; Vesting. The Restricted Units granted pursuant to the Award will vest in accordance with the following terms and conditions: (a) Grantee s rights with respect to the Restricted Units shall be restricted during the period beginning February 22, 2023 (the Grant Date ), and ending on February 22, 2026 (the Restricted Period ). (b) Except as otherwise provided in Sections 2(d) and 2(e) of this Agreement or in the Plan, the Grantee shall vest in the Restricted Units granted by this Award (including any Dividend Equivalents, as described below) on the last day of the Restricted Period if the Grantee s employment by the Company does not terminate during the Restricted Period. Upon vesting, the Grantee shall become entitled to receive one (1) share of the Company s common stock Common Stock for each such Restricted Unit, which shall be distributed in accordance with Section 5. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any amount attributable to a fractional share shall instead be withheld to satisfy any withholding tax obligation. (c) Subject to Section 2(e), if the Grantee s employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Restricted Period by reason of (i) voluntary termination other than Retirement or (ii) involuntary Termination for Cause, the Grantee shall forfeit all right, title and interest in the Restricted Units and any Common Stock otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, employment with any Subsidiary of the Company shall be treated as employment with the Company. Likewise, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a transfer of employment between the Company and any Subsidiary. (d) In the event of termination of the Grantee s employment with the Company during the Restricted Period by reason of (i) involuntary termination other than a Termination for Cause, (ii) Retirement, (iii) Disability or (iv) death, then the Restricted Units shall vest, on the date of the Exhibit 10.15 1 

Grantee s termination of employment, in an amount equal to the number of Restricted Units granted pursuant to this Award, prorated based on the period of time that the Grantee was employed during the Restricted Period, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. (e) Unless the Committee provides otherwise prior to a Change in Control, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined below), the vesting or forfeiture of the Restricted Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of Article 11 of the Plan. (f) For purposes of the Award and this Agreement, (i) A voluntary termination shall mean that the Grantee had an opportunity to continue employment with the Company, but did not do so. (ii) An involuntary termination shall mean that the Company has ended the Grantee s employment without the Grantee having an opportunity to continue employment with the Company. (iii) Termination for Cause of the Grantee s employment shall mean that the Company has ended such employment by reason of (i) the Grantee s conviction in a court of law of a felony, or any crime or offense involving misuse or misappropriation of money or property, (ii) the Grantee s violation of any covenant, agreement or obligation not to disclose confidential information regarding the business of the Company, (iii) any violation by the Grantee of any covenant not to compete with the Company, (iv) any act of dishonesty by the Grantee which adversely effects the business of the Company, (v) any willful or intentional act of the Grantee which adversely affects the business of, or reflects unfavorably on the reputation of the Company, including any material breach of a Company policy (determined in the discretion of the Company) (vi) the Grantee s use of alcohol or drugs which interferes with the Grantee s duties as an employee of the Company, or (vii) the Grantee s failure or refusal to perform the specific directives of the Company s Board of Directors or officers. (iv) Retirement shall mean a voluntary termination of employment with the Company if the Grantee has both completed five (5) years of service with the Company and attained age fifty (50). Years of service for this purpose excludes any service with any predecessor employer that was not considered within the controlled group (determined in accordance with Code section 414(c)) of the Company as of the Grant Date, unless explicitly required by the agreement executed in connection with such asset or stock acquisition, merger or other similar transaction (v) Disability shall have the meaning provided in the Plan. (vi) The term Change in Control shall have the meaning provided in the Plan unless the Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A, in which event the term Change in Control shall mean a Change in Control as defined in the Plan that also qualifies as a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 3. Dividend Equivalents. During the Restricted Period, before payment or forfeiture of the Award, the Award will be increased by a number of additional Restricted Units Dividend Equivalents representing all cash dividends that would have been paid to the Grantee if one share 2 

of Common Stock had been issued to the Grantee on the Grant Date for each Restricted Unit granted pursuant to this Agreement. The Dividend Equivalents credited during the Restricted Period will include fractional shares; provided, however, the shares of Common Stock actually issued upon vesting of the Dividend Equivalents shall be paid only in whole shares of Common Stock, and any fractional shares of Common Stock in an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional shares of Common Stock shall be withheld to satisfy any withholding tax obligation. Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same vesting provisions and other terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall be paid on the same date, as the Restricted Units to which they are attributable. Moreover, references in this Agreement to Restricted Units shall be deemed to include any Restricted Units attributable to Dividend Equivalents. 4. Non-Transferability of Restricted Units. (a) The Restricted Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or otherwise disposed of by Grantee or any other person until the expiration of the Restricted Period. Any such attempt shall be wholly ineffective and will result in immediate forfeiture of all such amounts. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may transfer any part or all rights to the Restricted Units to members of the Grantee s immediate family, to one or more trusts for the benefit of such immediate family members or to partnerships in which such immediate family members are the only partners, in each case only if the Grantee does not receive any consideration for the transfer. In the event of any such transfer, the Restricted Units shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. For any such transfer to be effective, the Grantee must provide prior written notice thereof to the Committee or its delegate, unless otherwise authorized and approved by the Committee or its delegate, in its sole discretion; and the Grantee shall furnish to the Committee or its delegate such information as it may request with respect to the transferee and the terms and conditions of any such transfer. For purposes of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean the Grantee s spouse, children and grandchildren. (c) The Grantee also may designate a Beneficiary, using the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Committee or its delegate, to receive any rights of the Grantee which may become vested in the event of the death of the Grantee under procedures and in the form established by the Committee or its delegate. In the absence of such designation of a Beneficiary, any such rights shall be deemed to be transferred to the estate of the Grantee. 5. Distribution. Subject to Section 13 of this Agreement, the Common Stock or cash (as determined by the Committee) the Grantee becomes entitled to receive upon vesting of any Restricted Units shall be distributed to the Grantee as soon as practicable after the vesting date for such Restricted Units, as determined in accordance with Section 2, but in no event later than 75 days after the vesting date. The Grantee shall not be permitted, directly or indirectly, to designate the form of payment or the taxable year in which any payment is to be made. 6. Administration of Award; Ratification of Actions. The Award shall be subject to such other rules as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate with respect to administration thereof. This Agreement shall be subject to discretionary interpretation 3 

and construction by the Committee. Day-to-day authority and responsibility for administration of the Plan, the Award and this Agreement have been delegated to the Company s Benefit Plan Administration Committee and its authorized representatives, and all actions taken thereby shall be entitled to the same deference as if taken by the Committee itself. The Grantee shall take all actions and execute and deliver all documents as may from time to time be requested by the Committee. By receiving this Award or other benefit under the Plan, the Grantee and each person claiming under or through the Grantee shall conclusively be deemed to have indicated acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, any action taken under the Plan or the Award by the Company, the Board, the Committee or the Benefit Plan Administration Committee. 7. Tax Liability and Withholding. The Grantee agrees to pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company to provide for the payment of any applicable federal, state or local income, employment, social security, Medicare or other withholding tax obligation arising in connection with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Award. The Company shall have the right, without the Grantee s prior approval or direction, to satisfy such withholding tax obligation by withholding such taxes from other compensation payable to the Grantee or by withholding all or any part of the shares of Common Stock or cash that would otherwise be distributed or paid to the Grantee, with any shares of Common Stock so withheld to be valued at the Fair Market Value on the date of such withholding, or by requiring the Grantee to deliver a check payable to the Company in the amount of such obligation. Any payment of required withholding taxes in the form of Common Stock shall not exceed the maximum amount of tax that may be required to be withheld by law (or such other amount that would result in an accounting charge with respect to such shares used to pay such taxes). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ultimate liability for Grantee s share of all tax withholding is the Grantee s responsibility, and the Company makes no tax-related representations in connection with the grant or vesting of Restricted Units or the distribution of Common Stock or cash to Grantee. 8. Adjustment Provisions. If, prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, any change is made to the outstanding Common Stock or in the capitalization of the Company, the Restricted Units granted pursuant to this Award shall be equitably adjusted or terminated to the extent and in the manner provided under the terms of the Plan. 9. Clawbacks, Insider Trading and Other Company Policies. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that this Award is subject to all applicable clawback or recoupment, insider trading, share ownership and retention and other policies that the Company s Board of Directors may adopt from time to time. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, all or a portion of the Award made to the Grantee under this Agreement is subject to being called for repayment to the Company or reduced in any situation where the Board of Directors or a Committee thereof determines that fraud, negligence, or intentional misconduct by the Grantee was a contributing factor to the Company having to restate all or a portion of its financial statement(s). The Committee may determine whether the Company shall effect any such repayment or reduction: (i) by seeking repayment from the Grantee, (ii) by reducing (subject to applicable law and the terms and conditions of the Plan or any other applicable plan, program, policy or arrangement) the amount that would otherwise be awarded or payable to the Grantee under the Award, the Plan or any other compensatory plan, program, or arrangement maintained by the Company, (iii) by withholding payment of future increases in compensation (including the payment of any discretionary bonus amount) or grants of compensatory awards that would 4 

otherwise have been made in accordance with the Company's otherwise applicable compensation practices, or (iv) by any combination of the foregoing. The determination regarding the Grantee s conduct, and repayment or reduction under this provision shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be final and binding on the Grantee and the Company. The Grantee, in consideration of the grant of the Award, and by the Grantee s execution of this Agreement, acknowledges the Grantee's understanding of this provision and hereby agrees to make and allow an immediate and complete repayment or reduction in accordance with this provision in the event of a call for repayment or other action by the Company or Committee to effect its terms with respect to the Grantee, the Award and/or any other compensation described in this Agreement. 10. Stock Reserved. The Company shall at all times during the term of the Award reserve and keep available such number of shares of its Common Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the Award issued and granted to Grantee and the terms stated in this Agreement. It is intended by the Company that the Plan and shares of Common Stock covered by the Award are to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, prior to the Grant Date; provided, that in the event such registration is for any reason not effective for such shares, the Grantee agrees that all shares acquired pursuant to the grant will be acquired for investment and will not be available for sale or tender to any third party. 11. No Rights as Shareholder. The issuance and transfer of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and approvals. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then-applicable legal requirements have been fully met or obtained to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Grantee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company in respect of the Restricted Units or Common Stock for which the Award is granted. The Grantee shall not be considered a record owner of shares of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Units until the Common Stock is actually distributed to the Grantee. 12. Continued Employment; Employment at Will. In consideration of the Company s granting the Award as incentive compensation to the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement, the Grantee agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and to continue to perform services for the Company in a satisfactory manner as directed by the Company. However, no provision in this Agreement shall confer any right to the Grantee s continued employment, limit the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s employment at any time or create any contractual right to receive any future awards under the Plan. Moreover, unless specifically provided under the terms thereof, the value of the Award will not be included as compensation or earnings when calculating the Grantee s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company. 13. Code Section 409A. This Award and Agreement are intended to comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, any distributions or payments due hereunder that are subject to Code Section 409A may only be made upon an event and in a manner permitted by Code Section 409A. Termination of employment or words of similar import used in this Agreement shall mean, with respect to any payments of deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, a separation from service as defined in Code Section 409A. Each payment 5 

of compensation under this Agreement, including installment payments, shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation for purposes of applying Code Section 409A. Except as permitted under Code Section 409A, the Grantee may not, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of settlement, distribution or payment. To the extent that an Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A and the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) who becomes entitled to a distribution on account of a separation from service, no payment shall be made before the date which is six (6) months after the date of the Grantee's separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death (the Delayed Payment Date ), if required by Code Section 409A. The accumulated amounts shall be distributed or paid in a lump sum payment on the Delayed Payment Date unless the Delayed Payment Date is the date of the Grantee s death, in which event the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump sum payment by December 31 following the year of the Grantee s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Code Section 409A and shall not be liable for all or any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non- compliance with Code Section 409A. 14. Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts. This Agreement contains the entire terms of the Award, and may not be changed other than by a written instrument executed by both parties or an amendment of the Plan, except where such change or modification does not adversely affect in a material way the terms of this Agreement, as provided in Section 15.4 of the Plan. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or understandings, and there are no other agreements or understandings relating to its subject matter. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. Should there be any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the terms of the Award as stated in the resolutions and records of the Board of Directors or the Plan, the provisions of such resolutions and records of the Board of Directors and the Plan shall control. 15. Successors and Assigns. The Award evidenced by this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 16. Governing Law; Mandatory Claims Procedures. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and subject to, the laws of the State of Oklahoma applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed in Oklahoma and wholly disregarding any choice of law provisions or conflict of law principles that might otherwise be contrary to this express intent. If Grantee or any person acting on the Grantee s behalf (the Claimant has any claim or dispute related in any way to the Award or to the Plan, the Claimant must follow the claims and arbitration procedures set forth in Article 13 of the Plan. All claims must be brought no later than one year following the date on which the facts forming the basis of the claim are known or should have been known by the claimant, whichever is earlier. Any claim that is not submitted within the applicable time limit shall be waived. The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of this Agreement, the Notice of Restricted Unit Award and Agreement and a copy of the Plan, and accepts the Award under the terms and 6 

conditions stated in this Agreement, subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan, by signing this Agreement as of the date indicated. In the absence of a signed acceptance, the Grantee will be deemed to have accepted this Award on the Grant Date, and all its associated terms and conditions, including the mandatory claims and arbitration procedures, unless the Grantee notifies the Company of the Grantee s non-acceptance of the Award by contacting the stock plan administrator, in writing within sixty (60) days of the Grant Date. Date Grantee 7 

Exhibit A Beneficiary Designation Form I, _________________________________ Grantee ), state that I am a participant in the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Compensation Plan, or any other stock compensation plan sponsored by ONEOK, Inc. (individually and collectively, the Plan ), and the holder of one or more Awards granted to me under the Plan. With the understanding that I may change the following beneficiary designations at any time by furnishing written notice thereof to ONEOK, Inc. s stock plan administrator (provided that such change does not affect the time and form of payment of any amounts subject to an existing deferral election), I hereby designate the following individuals (or entities) as my beneficiaries to receive any and all benefits payable to me under the Plan and to exercise all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any associated award agreement, in the event of my death as follows: 1. Primary Beneficiary (Beneficiaries) The Primary Beneficiaries named below shall have first priority to any and all Awards described below and to exercise all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any associated award agreement, in the event of my death. Name Relationship Percentage of Total If a designated Primary Beneficiary named dies or ceases to exist prior to receiving the share designated for such Primary Beneficiary, such share shall be transferred proportionately to other surviving and existing designated Primary Beneficiaries. 2. Contingent Beneficiary (or Beneficiaries) The Contingent Beneficiaries named below, if any, shall receive all Awards described below and to exercise, enjoy and receive all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below (including Awards that I have elected to defer under the Plan or the ONEOK, Inc. 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, if applicable) in accordance with the Plan and the terms and provisions of such Awards in the event of my death if no Primary Beneficiary named above survives me or exists. Name Relationship Percentage of Total 8 

3. Awards Covered By Beneficiary Designation This Beneficiary Designation is applicable to and covers the following Awards: (Check one) _______ All Awards previously granted to me under the Plan and all Awards to be granted to me under the Plan in the future; or _______ The following Awards that have been granted to me under the Plan: (List Awards Covered) Award Grant Date Number of Shares of Stock 4. General Terms This instrument does not modify, extend or increase any rights or benefits otherwise provided for by any Award under the Plan. All terms used in this instrument shall have the meaning provided for under the Plan, unless otherwise indicated herein. This instrument is not applicable to Common Stock of ONEOK, Inc. that I have acquired outright and without any restrictions or limitations under the Plan prior to my death. This instrument revokes and supersedes any prior designation of a Beneficiary (or Beneficiaries) made by me with respect to the Awards covered by this Beneficiary Designation as set forth in Paragraph 3. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this instrument this day of ____________, __________. Grantee __________________________________ Witness __________________________________ Witness RECEIVED AND ACKNOWLEDGED this ____ day of ________, 20__, _______________________________________________ On behalf of the Committee by Stock Plan Administrator 9 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 eip-2023psuawardagreemen.htm
 PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

eip-2023psuawardagreemen 

1 ONEOK, INC. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Performance Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is entered into as of the __ day of _______, 2023, by and between ONEOK, Inc. (the Company and (the Grantee ), an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof and participant in the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 1. Performance Unit Award. This Agreement and the Notice of Performance Unit Award and Agreement dated February 22, 2023, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, establishes the terms and conditions for the Company s grant of an Award of Performance Units (the Award to the Grantee pursuant to the Plan. This Agreement, when executed by the Grantee, constitutes an agreement between the Company and the Grantee. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. 2. Performance Period; Vesting. The Performance Units granted pursuant to the Award will vest in accordance with the following terms and conditions: (a) Grantee s rights with respect to the Performance Units shall be restricted during the period beginning February 22, 2023 (the Grant Date and ending on February 22, 2026 (the Performance Period ). The Performance Units shall vest at the end of the Performance Period, subject to continued employment through the end of the Performance Period and achievement of the performance metric described in Section 2(b), except as provided in Section 2(d) or 2(e), as applicable. (b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, the Grantee shall vest in a percentage of the number of Performance Units granted by this Award (including any Dividend Equivalents, as described below), if any, at the end of the Performance Period, as provided for in Exhibit A and Exhibit B attached hereto, based upon the Company s ranking for total shareholder return as compared to the ONEOK Peer Group listed in Exhibit C attached hereto, all as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Upon vesting, the Grantee shall become entitled to receive one (1) share of the Company s common stock Common Stock for each such Performance Unit, which shall be distributed in accordance with Section 5. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any amount attributable to a fractional share shall instead be withheld to satisfy any withholding tax obligation. (c) If the Grantee s employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Performance Period, other than by reason of (i) Retirement, (ii) Disability, (iii) death or (iv) termination of employment by the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason upon or within two years following a Change in Control, the Grantee shall forfeit all right, title and interest in the Performance Units and any Common Stock otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, employment with any Subsidiary of the Company shall be treated as employment with the Company. Likewise, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to occur by reason of a transfer of employment between the Company and any Subsidiary. Exhibit 10.16 

2 (d) If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated during the Performance Period, other than upon or during the two years following a Change in Control, by reason of (i) Retirement, (ii) Disability or (iii) death, then the Grantee shall remain eligible to receive a prorated amount of the Performance Units following the end of the Performance Period, based on achievement of the performance metric described in Section 2(b). Such prorated amount of Performance Units shall equal the number of Performance Units that would have vested in accordance with Section 2(b) had the Grantee remained employed through the end of the Performance Period, prorated based on the period of time that the Grantee was employed during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs after the date of the Grantee s termination of employment as described in this Section 2(d) and prior to payment, the amount of Performance Units that vest shall be calculated pursuant to Section 2(f). Payment shall be made as described in Section 5 below. (e) If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause, by the Grantee for Good Reason, or on account of Retirement, Disability, or death, in each case upon or within two years following a Change in Control, the Performance Units shall vest in the amount calculated pursuant to Section 2(f). Payment shall be made as described in Section 5 below. (f) Unless the Committee provides otherwise prior to a Change in Control, in the event of a Change in Control during the Performance Period, the amount to be paid with respect to the Performance Units, shall be determined based on the greater of (i) the target number of Performance Units (i.e., applying the 100 Performance Multiplier described in Exhibit A) granted for the Performance Period (prorated for a Grantee whose employment terminates before the end of the Performance Period as described in Section 2(d) or 2(e), based on the period of time that the Grantee was employed during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in its discretion) or (ii) the number of Performance Units earned for the Performance Period based upon the actual performance level attained as of the date of the Change in Control, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, in each case, after giving effect to the accumulation of Dividend Equivalents. (g) For purposes of the Award and this Agreement: i. Retirement shall mean a voluntary termination of employment if the Grantee has both completed five (5) years of service with the Company and attained age fifty (50). Years of service for this purpose excludes any service with any predecessor employer that was not considered within the controlled group (determined in accordance with Code section 414(c)) of the Company as of the Grant Date), unless explicitly required by the agreement executed in connection with such asset or stock acquisition, merger or other similar transaction and voluntary termination shall mean that the Grantee had an opportunity to continue employment with the Company, but did not do so. ii. Disability shall have the meaning provided in the Plan. 

3 iii. The term Change in Control shall have the meaning provided in the Plan; provided that if the Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A, an event will not constitute a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless such event also constitutes a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 3. Dividend Equivalents. During the Performance Period, before payment or forfeiture of the Award, the Award will be increased by a number of additional Performance Units Dividend Equivalents representing all cash dividends that would have been paid to the Grantee if one share of Common Stock had been issued to the Grantee on the Grant Date for each Performance Unit granted pursuant to this Agreement. The Dividend Equivalents credited during the Performance Period will include fractional shares; provided, however, the shares of Common Stock actually issued upon vesting of the Dividend Equivalents shall be paid only in whole shares of Common Stock, and any fractional shares of Common Stock in an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional shares of Common Stock shall be withheld to satisfy any withholding tax obligation. Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same vesting provisions and other terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall be paid on the same date, as the Performance Units to which they are attributable. Moreover, references in this Agreement to Performance Units shall be deemed to include any Performance Units attributable to Dividend Equivalents. 4. Non-Transferability of Performance Units. (a) The Performance Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or otherwise disposed of by Grantee or any other person until the end of the Performance Period. Any such attempt shall be wholly ineffective and will result in immediate forfeiture of all such amounts. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may transfer any part or all rights in the Performance Units to members of the Grantee s immediate family, to one or more trusts for the benefit of such immediate family members or to partnerships in which such immediate family members are the only partners, in each case only if the Grantee does not receive any consideration for the transfer. In the event of any such transfer, the Performance Units shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. For any such transfer to be effective, the Grantee must provide prior written notice thereof to the Committee or its delegate, unless otherwise authorized and approved by the Committee or its delegate, in its sole discretion; and the Grantee shall furnish to the Committee or its delegate such information as it may request with respect to the transferee and the terms and conditions of any such transfer. For purposes of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean the Grantee s spouse, children and grandchildren. (c) The Grantee may designate a Beneficiary, using the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, or such other form as may be approved by the Committee or its delegate, to receive any rights of the Grantee which may become vested in the event of the death of the Grantee under procedures and in the form established by the Committee or its delegate. In the absence of such designation of a Beneficiary, any such rights shall be deemed to be transferred to the estate of the Grantee. 

4 5. Distribution. Subject to any payment restrictions under Code Section 409A or other applicable law, the Common Stock or cash (as determined by the Committee) the Grantee becomes entitled to receive upon vesting of the Performance Units in accordance with Section 2 shall be distributed to the Grantee no later than 75 days after the first to occur of (i) the last day of the Performance Period, (ii) the date of the Grantee s separation from service in the event of a separation from service that occurs upon or within two years following a Change in Control, or (iii) the effective date of a Change in Control in the event that the Grantee s employment terminates on account of Retirement, Disability, or death before the Change in Control and a Change in Control subsequently occurs before payment. Payment upon or after a Change in Control shall be made in cash or shares of Common Stock, as determined by the Committee. 6. Administration of Award; Ratification of Actions. The Award shall be subject to such other rules as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate with respect to administration thereof. This Agreement shall be subject to discretionary interpretation and construction by the Committee. Day-to-day authority and responsibility for administration of the Plan, the Award and this Agreement have been delegated to the Company s Benefit Plan Administration Committee and its authorized representatives, and all actions taken thereby shall be entitled to the same deference as if taken by the Committee itself. The Grantee shall take all actions and execute and deliver all documents as may from time to time be requested by the Committee. By receiving this Award or other benefit under the Plan, the Grantee and each person claiming under or through the Grantee shall conclusively be deemed to have indicated acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, any action taken under the Plan or the Award by the Company, the Board, the Committee or the Benefit Plan Administration Committee. 7. Tax Liability and Withholding. The Grantee agrees to pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company to provide for the payment of any applicable federal, state or local income, employment, social security, Medicare or other withholding tax obligation arising in connection with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Award. The Company shall have the right, without the Grantee s prior approval or direction, to satisfy such withholding tax obligation by withholding such taxes from other compensation payable to the Grantee or by withholding all or any part of the shares of Common Stock or cash that would otherwise be distributed or paid to the Grantee, with any shares of Common Stock so withheld to be valued at the Fair Market Value on the date of such withholding, or by requiring the Grantee to deliver a check payable to the Company in the amount of such obligation. Any payment of required withholding taxes in the form of Common Stock shall not exceed the maximum amount of tax that may be required to be withheld by law (or such other amount that would result in an accounting charge with respect to such shares used to pay such taxes). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ultimate liability for Grantee s share of all tax withholding is the Grantee s responsibility, and the Company makes no tax-related representations in connection with the grant or vesting of Performance Units or the distribution of Common Stock or cash to the Grantee. 8. Adjustment Provisions. If, prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, any change is made to the outstanding Common Stock or in the capitalization of the Company, the Performance Units granted pursuant to this Award shall be equitably adjusted or terminated to the extent and in the manner provided under the terms of the Plan. 

5 9. Clawbacks, Insider Trading and Other Company Policies. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that this Award is subject to all applicable clawback or recoupment, insider trading, share ownership and retention and other policies that the Company s Board of Directors may adopt from time to time. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, all or a portion of the Award made to the Grantee under this Agreement is subject to being called for repayment to the Company or reduced in any situation where the Board of Directors or a Committee thereof determines that fraud, negligence, or intentional misconduct by the Grantee was a contributing factor to the Company having to restate all or a portion of its financial statement(s). Moreover, any Performance Units awarded under the Plan in this or any prior year to any Participant who is a current or former executive officer (as defined in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) is subject to any clawback policy adopted or amended by the Company from time to time (including, but not limited to, any clawback policy adopted to comply with Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act or guidance issued thereunder by any governmental agency or national securities exchange), regardless of whether such clawback policy is adopted or amended before or after the date on which such Performance Units are granted, determined or paid. A Participant s acceptance of any Award under the Plan in any year shall constitute full and adequate consideration for the Company s right to recover amounts paid to such Participant under the Plan in any prior year. The Committee may determine whether the Company shall effect any such repayment or reduction: (i) by seeking repayment from the Grantee, (ii) by reducing (subject to applicable law and the terms and conditions of the Plan or any other applicable plan, program, policy or arrangement) the amount that would otherwise be awarded or payable to the Grantee under the Award, the Plan or any other compensatory plan, program, or arrangement maintained by the Company, (iii) by withholding payment of future increases in compensation (including the payment of any discretionary bonus amount) or grants of compensatory awards that would otherwise have been made in accordance with the Company's otherwise applicable compensation practices, or (iv) by any combination of the foregoing. The determination regarding the Grantee s conduct, and repayment or reduction under this provision shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be final and binding on the Grantee and the Company. The Grantee, in consideration of the grant of the Award, and by the Grantee s execution of this Agreement, acknowledges the Grantee's understanding of this provision and hereby agrees to make and allow an immediate and complete repayment or reduction in accordance with this provision in the event of a call for repayment or other action by the Company or Committee to effect its terms with respect to the Grantee, the Award and/or any other compensation described in this Agreement. 10. Stock Reserved. The Company shall at all times during the term of the Award reserve and keep available such number of shares of its Common Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the Award issued and granted to Grantee and the terms stated in this Agreement. It is intended by the Company that the Plan and shares of Common Stock covered by the Award are to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, prior to the Grant Date; provided, that in the event such registration is for any reason not made effective for such shares, the Grantee agrees that all shares acquired pursuant to the grant will be acquired for investment and will not be available for sale or tender to any third party. 11. No Rights as Shareholder. The issuance and transfer of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and approvals. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any 

6 then-applicable legal requirements have been fully met or obtained to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Grantee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company in respect of the Performance Units or Common Stock for which the Award is granted. The Grantee shall not be considered a record owner of shares of Common Stock with respect to the Performance Units until the Performance Units are fully vested and Common Stock is actually distributed to the Grantee. 12. Continued Employment; Employment at Will. In consideration of the Company s granting the Award as incentive compensation to the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement, the Grantee agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and to continue to perform services for the Company in a satisfactory manner as directed by the Company. However, no provision in this Agreement shall confer any right to the Grantee s continued employment, limit the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s employment at any time or create any contractual right to receive any future awards under the Plan. Moreover, unless specifically provided under the terms thereof, the value of the Award will not be included as compensation or earnings when calculating the Grantee s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company. 13. Code Section 409A. This Award and Agreement are intended to comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, any distributions or payments due hereunder that are subject to Code Section 409A may only be made upon an event and in a manner permitted by Code Section 409A. Termination of employment, separation from service or words of similar import used in this Agreement shall mean, with respect to any payments of deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, a separation from service as defined in Code Section 409A. Each payment of compensation under this Agreement, including installment payments, shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation for purposes of applying Code Section 409A. Except as otherwise permitted under Code Section 409A, the Grantee may not, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of settlement, distribution or payment. To the extent that an Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A and the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) who becomes entitled to a distribution on account of a separation from service, no payment shall be made before the date which is six (6) months after the date of the Grantee's separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death (the Delayed Payment Date ), if required by Code Section 409A. The accumulated amounts shall be distributed or paid in a lump sum payment on the Delayed Payment Date unless the Delayed Payment Date is the date of the Grantee s death, in which event the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump sum payment by December 31 following the year of the Grantee s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Code Section 409A and shall not be liable for all or any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non-compliance with Code Section 409A. 14. Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts. This Agreement contains the entire terms of the Award, and may not be changed other than by a written instrument executed by both parties or an amendment of the Plan, except where such change or modification does not adversely affect in a material way the terms of this Agreement, as provided in Section 15.4 of the Plan. This 

7 Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or understandings, and there are no other agreements or understandings relating to its subject matter. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. Should there be any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the terms of the Award as stated in the resolutions and records of the Board of Directors or the Plan, the provisions of such resolutions and records of the Board of Directors and the Plan shall control. 15. Successors and Assigns. The Award evidenced by this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 16. Governing Law; Mandatory Claims Procedures. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and subject to, the laws of the State of Oklahoma applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed in Oklahoma and wholly disregarding any choice of law provisions or conflict of law principles that might otherwise be contrary to this express intent. If Grantee or any person acting on the Grantee s behalf (the Claimant has any claim or dispute related in any way to the Award or to the Plan, the Claimant must follow the claims and arbitration procedures set forth in Article 13 of the Plan. All claims must be brought no later than one year following the date on which the facts forming the basis of the claim are known or should have been known by the claimant, whichever is earlier. Any claim that is not submitted within the applicable time limit shall be waived. The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of this Agreement, the Notice of Performance Unit Award and Agreement and a copy of the Plan, and accepts the Award under the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan, by signing this Agreement as of the date indicated. In the absence of a signed acceptance, the Grantee will be deemed to have accepted this Award on the Grant Date, and all its associated terms and conditions, including the mandatory claims and arbitration procedures, unless the Grantee notifies the Company of the Grantee s non-acceptance of the Award by contacting the stock plan administrator, in writing within sixty (60) days of the Grant Date. Date Grantee 

8 Exhibit A Performance Unit Criteria 2023-2026 Performance Period ONEOK Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Ranking vs. ONEOK Peer Group Percentage of Performance Units Earned (Performance Multiplier) 90th percentile and above 75th percentile 50th percentile 25th percentile Below 25th percentile 200 150 100 50 0 If ONEOK s TSR ranking within the ONEOK Peer Group at the end of the Performance Period is between any two of the stated percentile levels in the above table, the percentage of the Performance Units earned (the performance multiplier) will be interpolated between the earning levels. No Performance Units are earned based on performance if ONEOK s TSR ranking at the end of the Performance Period is below the 25th percentile within its Peer Group. In no event may the maximum number of Performance Units that may be payable pursuant to this Agreement Agreement (excluding any accumulated Dividend Equivalents).exceed 200 of the target number of Performance Units granted in Section 1 of the Agreement. 

9 Exhibit B Illustration of Hypothetical 2023-2026 Performance Period Performance Unit Award Calculation The illustrations below assume that 500 Performance Units are awarded to Grantee in February 2023. ONEOK Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Ranking vs. ONEOK Peer Group Hypothetical 1: If ONEOK s TSR Ranking for 2023-2026 is at the 40th percentile within the ONEOK Peer Group, then the performance multiplier would be 80 percent, as interpolated between a 50 percent multiplier (25th percentile within Peer Group) and a 100 percent multiplier (50th percentile within Peer Group) from Exhibit A. Hypothetical 2: If ONEOK s TSR Ranking for 2023-2026 is at the 60th percentile within the ONEOK Peer Group, then the performance multiplier would be 120 percent, as interpolated between a 100 percent multiplier (50th percentile within Peer Group) and a 150 percent multiplier (75th percentile within Peer Group) from Exhibit A. Percentage of Performance Units Earned Hypothetical 1: 80 x 500 PUs = 400 shares of Common Stock payable to Grantee in 2026. Hypothetical 2: 120 x 500 PUs = 600 shares of Common Stock payable to Grantee in 2026. 

10 Exhibit C 2023-2026 ONEOK TSR Peer Group Company Name Sym DCP Midstream LP DCP Energy Transfer LP ET EnLink Midstream, LLC ENLC Enterprise Products Partners EPD Kinder Morgan Inc. KMI Magellan Midstream Partners MMP MPLX LP MPLX NuStar Energy LP NS Plains All American Pipeline LP PAA Targa Resources Corp TRGP Williams Companies Inc. WMB Western Midstream Partners, LP WES In the event that any member of the 2023-2026 ONEOK Peer Group liquidates or reorganizes under the United States Bankruptcy Code (U.S.C. Title 11) such entity shall remain in the 2023-2026 ONEOK Peer Group but shall be deemed to have a TSR of -100 for purposes of calculating the Performance Multiplier. If any member of the 2023-2026 ONEOK Peer Group is acquired by an unrelated entity before the end of the Performance Period, such member shall be removed from the 2023-2026 ONEOK Peer Group for purposes of calculating the Performance Multiplier. In all other cases involving merger, reorganization or other material change in ownership, legal structure or business operations of any member of the 2023-2026 ONEOK Peer Group, including acquisition by a related entity before the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall have discretionary authority to retain, remove or replace such member for purposes of calculating the Performance Multiplier. 

11 Exhibit D Beneficiary Designation Form I, _________________________________ Grantee ), state that I am a participant in the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, the ONEOK, Inc. Equity Compensation Plan, or any other stock compensation plan sponsored by ONEOK, Inc. (individually and collectively, the Plan ), and the holder of one or more Awards granted to me under the Plan. With the understanding that I may change the following beneficiary designations at any time by furnishing written notice thereof to ONEOK, Inc. s stock plan administrator (provided that such change does not affect the time and form of payment of any amounts subject to an existing deferral election), I hereby designate the following individuals (or entities) as my beneficiaries to receive any and all benefits payable to me under the Plan and to exercise all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any associated award agreement, in the event of my death as follows: 1. Primary Beneficiary (Beneficiaries) The Primary Beneficiaries named below shall have first priority to any and all Awards described below and to exercise all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any associated award agreement, in the event of my death. Name Relationship Percentage of Total If a designated Primary Beneficiary named dies or ceases to exist prior to receiving the share designated for such Primary Beneficiary, such share shall be transferred proportionately to other surviving and existing designated Primary Beneficiaries. 2. Contingent Beneficiary (or Beneficiaries) The Contingent Beneficiaries named below, if any, shall receive all Awards described below and to exercise, enjoy and receive all rights, benefits and features of the Awards described below (including Awards that I have elected to defer under the Plan or the ONEOK, Inc. 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, if applicable) in accordance with the Plan and the terms and provisions of such Awards in the event of my death if no Primary Beneficiary named above survives me or exists. 

12 Name Relationship Percentage of Total 3. Awards Covered By Beneficiary Designation This Beneficiary Designation is applicable to and covers the following Awards: (Check one) _______ All Awards previously granted to me under the Plan and all Awards to be granted to me under the Plan in the future; or _______ The following Awards that have been granted to me under the Plan: (List Awards Covered) Award Grant Date Number of Shares of Stock 4. General Terms This instrument does not modify, extend or increase any rights or benefits otherwise provided for by any Award under the Plan. All terms used in this instrument shall have the meaning provided for under the Plan, unless otherwise indicated herein. This instrument is not applicable to Common Stock of ONEOK, Inc. that I have acquired outright and without any restrictions or limitations under the Plan prior to my death. This instrument revokes and supersedes any prior designation of a Beneficiary (or Beneficiaries) made by me with respect to the Awards covered by this Beneficiary Designation as set forth in Paragraph 3. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this instrument this day of ____________, __________. Grantee __________________________________ Witness __________________________________ Witness RECEIVED AND ACKNOWLEDGED this ____ day of ________, 20__, _______________________________________________ On behalf of the Committee by Stock Plan Administrator 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21>
 4
 oke10-k2022exhibit21x2022.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 ONEOK, Inc. 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Subsidiaries State of 
 Incorporation 
 or Organization 
 Bighorn Gas Gathering, L.L.C. (49.0 Delaware Bison Prairie Assurance, L.L.C. Oklahoma Black Mesa Holdings, Inc. Delaware Black Mesa Pipeline, Inc. Delaware Black Mesa Pipeline Operations, L.L.C. Delaware Black Mesa Technologies, Inc. Oklahoma Border Midwestern Company Delaware Chisholm Pipeline Company (50 Delaware Chisholm Pipeline Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware Crestone Energy Ventures, L.L.C. Delaware Crestone Gathering Services, L.L.C. Delaware Crestone Powder River, L.L.C. Delaware Crestone Wind River, L.L.C. Delaware Fort Union Gas Gathering, L.L.C. (50 Delaware Guardian Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware Heartland Pipeline Company (general partnership) (50 Texas Lost Creek Gathering Company, L.L.C. (35 Delaware Mid Continent Market Center, L.L.C. Kansas Midwestern Gas Transmission Company Delaware Mont Belvieu I Fractionation Facility (joint venture) (80 Texas Northern Border Pipeline Company (general partnership) (50 Texas OkTex Pipeline Company, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Arbuckle II Pipeline, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Arbuckle North Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Arbuckle Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Bakken Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Bushton Processing, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Elk Creek Pipeline, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Energy Services Company, II Delaware ONEOK Energy Services Company, L.P. Texas ONEOK Energy Services Holdings, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Field Services Company, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Gas Storage Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Gas Storage, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Gas Transportation, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Hydrocarbon GP, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Hydrocarbon Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Hydrocarbon Southwest, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Hydrocarbon, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Hydrocarbon, L.P. Delaware ONEOK ILP GP, L.L.C. Delaware 
 1 

ONEOK Leasing Company Delaware ONEOK MB I, L.P. Delaware ONEOK Midstream Gas Supply, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Mont Belvieu Properties, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Mont Belvieu Storage Company, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK NGL Gathering, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK NGL Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK North System, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Northern Border Pipeline Company Holdings, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Overland Pass Holdings, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Parking Company, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Partners GP, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership Delaware ONEOK Partners, L.P. Delaware ONEOK Permian NGL Operating Company, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Pipeline Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Rockies Investments, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Rockies Midstream, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK Services Company, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Southeast Texas NGL Pipeline, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Sterling III Pipeline, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Texas Gas Storage, L.L.C. Texas ONEOK Underground Storage Company, L.L.C. Kansas ONEOK Unit Holdings, Inc. Delaware ONEOK Ventures, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Ventures Direct Investments, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK Ventures Fund Investments, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK VESCO Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware ONEOK West Texas NGL Pipeline, L.L.C. Texas ONEOK Western Trail Pipeline, L.L.C. Oklahoma ONEOK WesTex Transmission, L.L.C. Delaware Overland Pass Pipeline Company LLC (50 Delaware Roadrunner Gas Transmission Holdings, LLC (50 Delaware Roadrunner Gas Transmission, LLC (100 owned by Roadrunner Gas Transmission Holdings, LLC) Delaware Saguaro Connector Pipeline, L.L.C. Delaware Saguaro Connector Pipeline Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware TXGC Properties, L.L.C. Delaware Venice Energy Services Company, L.L.C. (10.1765 Delaware Viking Gas Transmission Company Delaware 
 
 2 

</EX-21>

<EX-22.1>
 5
 okeq42022exhibit221.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 List of Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers 
 of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following entities guarantee the notes issued by ONEOK, Inc. (the ONEOK Notes and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (the ONEOK Partners Notes ). 
 Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization ONEOK Notes ONEOK Partners Notes ONEOK, Inc. Oklahoma Issuer Guarantor ONEOK Partners, L.P. Delaware Guarantor Issuer ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership Delaware Guarantor Guarantor 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the ONEOK Notes consisted of the following securities 
 Issued under the Indenture dated as of September 24, 1998 6-7 8 Debentures due 2028 Issued under the Indenture dated as of December 28, 2001 6.00 Notes due 2035 
 Issued under the Indenture dated as of January 26, 2012 7.50 Notes due 2023 2.75 Notes due 2024 2.200 Notes due 2025 5.850 Notes due 2026 4.000 Notes due 2027 4.55 Notes due 2028 4.35 Notes due 2029 3.40 Notes due 2029 3.100 Notes due 2030 6.350 Notes due 2031 6.10 Notes due 2032 4.950 Notes due 2047 5.20 Notes due 2048 4.45 Notes due 2049 4.500 Notes due 2050 7.150 Notes due 2051 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the ONEOK Partners Notes consisted of the following securities 
 Issued under the Indenture dated as of September 25, 2006 5.000 Senior Notes due 2023 4.90 Senior Notes due 2025 6.65 Senior Notes due 2036 6.85 Senior Notes due 2037 6.125 Senior Notes due 2041 6.200 Senior Notes due 2043 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23>
 6
 oke10-k2022ex23consent0.htm
 CONSENT

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-239363 and 333-239348) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-185633, 333-182991, 333-75768, 333-140629, 333-152748, 333-157548, 333-165044, 333-171308, 333-178622, 333-194284, 333-226393, 333-228499 and 333-237869) of ONEOK, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Tulsa, Oklahoma 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 okeq42022exhibit311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF NORTON SECTION 302

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 
 
 I, Pierce H. Norton II, certify that 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ONEOK, Inc. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Pierce H. Norton II Pierce H. Norton II Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 okeq42022exhibit312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF HULSE SECTION 302

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 
 
 I, Walter S. Hulse III, certify that 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ONEOK, Inc. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Walter S. Hulse III Walter S. Hulse III Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 okeq42022exhibit321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF NORTON SECTION 906

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ONEOK, Inc. (the Registrant for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Pierce H. Norton II, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

s Pierce H. Norton II 
 Pierce H. Norton II 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ONEOK, Inc. and will be retained by ONEOK, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 okeq42022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ONEOK, Inc. (the Registrant for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Walter S. Hulse III, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

s Walter S. Hulse III 
 Walter S. Hulse III 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ONEOK, Inc. and will be retained by ONEOK, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 oke-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 oke-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 oke-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 oke-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 oke-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

