<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1852244_0001852244-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13428504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>201120</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2517004</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4491936</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3193011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2778866</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001852244-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215191304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001852244-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GXO Logistics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852244
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				862098312
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40470
		FILM NUMBER:		23636764

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO AMERICAN LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-489-1287

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO AMERICAN LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001852244-23-000009.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 gxo-20221231.htm
 10-K

gxo-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ___________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion as of June 30, 2022, based upon the closing price of the common stock on that date. 
 
 As of February 13, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

GXO Logistics, Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Table of Contents Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 70 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 70 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 71 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 71 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report and other written reports and oral statements we make from time to time contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, could, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, should, will, expect, objective, projection, forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target, trajectory or the negative of these terms or other comparable terms. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to a material difference include those discussed below and the risks discussed in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements and corresponding notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report speak only as of the date hereof, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

Part I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 GXO Logistics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries GXO, the Company, our or we ), is the largest pure-play contract logistics provider in the world, and a foremost innovator in an industry propelled by strong secular tailwinds. We provide our customers with high-value-add warehousing and distribution, order fulfillment, e-commerce, reverse logistics and other supply chain services differentiated by our ability to deliver technology-enabled, customized solutions at scale. As of December 31, 2022, our approximately 135,000 team members operated in 979 facilities worldwide totaling 197 million square feet of space, primarily on behalf of large corporations, that have outsourced their warehousing, distribution and other related activities to us. 
 
 Our revenue is diversified among over one thousand customers, including many multinational corporations, across numerous verticals. Our customers rely on us to move their goods with high efficiency through their supply chains from the moment inbound goods arrive at our logistics sites, through fulfillment and distribution, and the management of returned products. Our customer base includes many blue-chip leaders in sectors that demonstrate high growth and/or durable demand, with significant growth potential through customer outsourcing of logistics services. 
 
 GXO became a standalone publicly traded company on August 2, 2021, when GXO Logistics, Inc. completed its separation (the Separation from XPO, Inc. XPO and began regular-way trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GXO. GXO was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in February 2021. 
 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Clipper Logistics plc Clipper ), an omnichannel retail logistics specialist based in Leeds, England (the Clipper Acquisition ). See Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Drivers of Value Creation 
 
 GXO Operates in a Massive Market that is Growing Rapidly Due to Strong, Secular Tailwinds. 
 GXO is the largest pure-play contract logistics provider in the world. Our significant scale makes us well-positioned to benefit from the logistics industry s predominant tailwinds the secular shift in logistics toward outsourcing, the growth in consumer demand for e-commerce and omnichannel retail, and the focus on ensuring supply chain resilience that is driving higher inventory levels and nearshoring and re-shoring. 
 1. Outsourcing: Over the last five years, the outsourced portion of the market has outgrown the broader market. We expect this outperformance to continue as the benefits of economies of scale and rising technological complexity make the outsourced offering even more compelling. 
 2. E-commerce: E-commerce is increasing as a share of overall commerce and will continue to do so. E-commerce creates demand for a far greater degree of sophistication throughout the fulfillment process, and a compelling revenue-multiplier effect for GXO. Additionally, more E-commerce also means more returns: roughly one in three items are being returned in the E-commerce environment based on third party research. The increased touchpoints mean higher revenue capture for the warehouse provider. 
 3. Supply Chain Resilience: The need to make supply chains more resilient has driven a trend towards holding more inventory the concept of just-in-case, rather than just in time. Additionally, we expect many industries to follow the trend of pursuing resiliency in their supply chains through near-shoring. 
 
 GXO has Strong Competitive Advantages that have Enabled it to Grow Faster than the Broader Market. 
 1. Robust Technological Differentiation: Increasingly, customers want technology-enabled, highly customized solutions that incorporate intelligent automation and data science. Order fulfillment times are compressing, and 
 1 

new channels are emerging as companies seek to improve the efficiency, speed and visibility of their supply chain activities, notably in the e-commerce and omnichannel retail channels. GXO leads the industry in automation levels. Our focus as an innovator is helping our customers meet the expectations of their customers, with reliable outcomes, more visibility and greater efficiency. Furthermore, we keep close tabs on innovation and are constantly testing numerous large and small technology opportunities, and our team has a unique and deep understanding of how to deploy this sophisticated technology. Across core verticals, we see a strong correlation between automation and market share growth, as our technological advantages enable us to offer continuous improvement opportunities to customers over the life of a contract, which is a powerful driver of retention and growth. 
 2. Global Scale: GXO s ability to serve multinationals around the world is another key driver of our growth. We have established leading market positions across North America, Western Europe, and the UK, and we have built scale positions across the following, highly attractive verticals omnichannel retail and consumer packaged goods; food and beverage; industrial and manufacturing; as well as tech and consumer electronics. Our customer portfolio includes long-term relationships with blue-chip market leaders and world-class brands, including Fortune 100 and Fortune Global 500 companies. Importantly, scale enables us to continuously learn and improve shared knowledge across our verticals and our large, diversified customer base to create more value. 
 3. Trusted expertise: Our executives have decades of experience in their respective fields and work together to create sustainable value through operational excellence and a purposeful culture. Our executives foster a company culture that is safe, respectful, entrepreneurial, innovative and inclusive, with a focus on diversity, inclusion and belonging that continues to shape our recruitment efforts and work environments. We have extensive experience in our core verticals, and we understand the specific requirements for quality control, real-time visibility, special handling, security, complex stock-keeping, time-assured deliveries and agility during surges in demand. The average relationship tenure for our top 20 customers in 2022, based on revenue, was over 15 years, and our revenue retention rate is above 90 each year. 
 
 GXO has a Resilient Business Model with Multiple Drivers of Profitable Growth 
 1. High Quality Growth: First, our long-term relationships, have an average contract and lease term of five years. Second, our pricing framework is managed through contractual terms and includes escalations for inflation. Third, our stable revenue base is diversified by customer, vertical and geography, making GXO resilient through different parts of the cycle. Additionally, no customer represented more than 4 of our total revenue in 2022. Fourth, our customers are high-quality companies, and the vast majority of our top-100 credit rated customers are Investment Grade. 
 2. Continuous Improvement and Productivity: GXO expects to generate meaningful margin expansion from an increase in large scale automation, further implementation of adaptive technologies, completion of central efficiency projects, and the realization of synergies from the 2022 acquisition of Clipper. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 We design and operate the most advanced warehouse solutions in the world. Our strategy is to help our customers manage their warehouses for optimal efficiency, using our network of people, technology and other physical assets. We deliver value to customers in the form of technological innovations, process efficiencies, cost efficiencies and reliable outcomes. Our services are both highly responsive to customer goals, such as increasing visibility in the supply chain, decreasing fulfillment times and mitigating environmental impacts and being proactive in identifying potential improvements. 
 
 GXO creates short- and long-term value for customers and shareholders through our unique combination of technology, scale and expertise. Our strategy addresses growth and optimization by focusing on core verticals that demonstrate enduring demand over time and where we already have a deep presence. We expect to attract new customers and expand the services we provide to existing customers through new projects, thus earning more of their external and internal logistics spend. We integrate best practices to drive productivity, with a focus on automation and other levers of profitable growth. 
 
 2 

To aid in executing our strategy, we have instilled a culture that focuses on delivering mutually beneficial results for our customers and our company with the highest legal and ethical standards and clear policies and practices to support compliance throughout our organization. 
 
 Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 Contract logistics is growing more and more complex, as changing consumer expectations and preferences continue to drive a need for faster delivery times, higher levels of returned inventory, and better visibility throughout the supply chain. Traditional warehousing solutions are no longer sufficient to fill these needs. The industry needs scaled technology players, like GXO, to deliver these complex solutions. 
 
 Technology is a core competitive advantage for GXO and fundamental to how we win and retain business. GXO was an early adopter of technology and operates more than 30 of technology-enabled warehouses compared to the industry average of roughly 8 . Technology enables us to add value to our customers end-to-end operations in terms of cost, efficiency, accuracy, and environmental impact. Investments in cutting-edge technology are a major growth driver for our business. 
 
 Our highly scalable platform is built on the cloud to speed the deployment of new ways to increase efficiency and leverage our footprint. In a relatively short time, we can implement innovations across multiple geographies or take an innovation developed for one vertical and apply it to other verticals to enhance the value we offer our customers. 
 
 To date, the most significant impacts of our proprietary technology are in three areas: labor and inventory management productivity, intelligent warehouse automation and predictive analytics, all of which are integrated through our proprietary warehouse management platform. 
 
 Labor and Inventory Management 
 
 Our productivity is driven by our comprehensive suite of intelligent tools and analytics designed to optimize labor and inventory management. This technology incorporates dynamic data science, predictive analytics and machine learning to aid decision-making. Our site managers use these tools to improve productivity in site-specific ways in a safe, disciplined and cost-effective manner. 
 
 Intelligent Warehouse Automation 
 
 Our intelligent warehouse automation includes deployments of autonomous robots and cobots, automated sortation systems, automated guided vehicles, goods-to-person systems and wearable devices these are all effective ways to deliver critical improvements in speed, accuracy and productivity. Importantly, automation also enhances safety and the overall quality of employment. Our warehouse management system creates a synchronized environment across automation platforms to control these technologies holistically, providing an integrated solution. 
 
 We have found that autonomous goods-to-person systems and that cobots, which assist workers with the inventory picking process, can improve labor productivity. Stationary robot arms can repeat demanding tasks with greater precision than is possible manually. Robots are particularly valuable in markets with labor shortages and where wage inflation can erode customer margins. 
 
 Other technologies that differentiate our logistics environments are our proprietary warehouse module for order management, which gives customers deep visibility into fulfillment flows, and our analytics dashboard, which gives customers valuable business intelligence to manage their supply chains. Our connection management software module facilitates integration with SAP, Oracle and other external systems, enabling our customers to get the maximum benefit from our technology. 
 
 3 

Predictive Analytics 
 
 Our predictive analytics add significant value for customers, particularly in e-commerce and omnichannel retail, where seasonality drives high volumes through outbound and inbound logistics processes. For example, up to 30 of consumer goods bought online are returned and this creates increased volumes at certain times of the year. We have developed analytics that predict surges in demand using a combination of historical data and customer forecasting. 
 
 As an industry leader that invests substantially in technology, we have access to an immense amount of data, as well as the analytical processing capabilities to capitalize on that data by incorporating our learnings into customer solutions. We believe our ability to process and act upon data is a key competitive advantage and differentiator. 
 
 Customers and Markets 
 
 We provide our customers with high-value-add warehousing and distribution, order fulfillment, e-commerce, reverse logistics and other supply chain services. We provide services to customers globally, including Fortune 100 and Fortune Global 500 companies in the U.S., European multinational market leaders and other renowned global brands. The customers we serve are primarily in North America and Europe and operate in every major industry. The diversification of our customer base reduces concentration risk. In 2022, our top five customers combined accounted for approximately 16 of our total revenue, and no customer represented more than 4 . 
 
 Our revenue is highly diversified due to our expertise across a range of key verticals, reflecting our customers principal industry sectors. In 2022, 41 of our revenue was from Omnichannel retail, 15 from Technology and consumer electronics, 15 from Food and beverage, 12 from Industrial and manufacturing, 10 from Consumer packaged goods and 7 from other industries, with the vast majority of our revenue generated in United Kingdom, United States, France, Netherlands and Spain. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our revenue and profitability are typically lower in the first quarter of the calendar year relative to other quarters. This is due in part to seasonality, namely the post-holiday reduction in demand experienced by many of our customers, which leads to less use of the logistics services we provide. Our business benefits from strong positioning in the e-commerce sector, where demand is characterized by seasonal surges in activity, with the fourth quarter holiday peak typically being the most dramatic. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive global industry with a highly fragmented marketplace where thousands of companies compete domestically and internationally. We compete based on our ability to deliver quality service, reliability, scope and scale of operations, technological capabilities, expertise and pricing. 
 
 Our competitors include local, regional, national and international companies that offer services similar to those we provide. Our competitors include DHL, DSV, Kuehne + Nagel International, GEODIS and ID Logistics. Due to the competitive nature of our marketplace, we strive daily to strengthen and expand existing business relationships and forge new relationships. 
 
 Environmental and Other Government Regulations 
 
 Our operations are regulated and licensed by various governmental agencies in the U.S. at the local, state and federal levels and in other countries where we conduct business. These regulations impact us directly and indirectly when they regulate third parties with which we arrange or contract services. In addition, we are subject to a variety of other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption statutes. 
 4 

Moreover, we are subject to various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate. Historically, we have successfully resolved potential environmental exposure without a material effect on our business or operations. We believe that our operations are in compliance with current laws and regulations and we do not know of any existing environmental law, regulation nor condition that reasonably would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, capital expenditures, or operating results. However, future changes to environmental laws or regulations may impact our operations and could result in increased costs. 
 
 A number of our sites are ISO 14001-certified to high standards for environmental management, and we have implemented numerous programs to manage environmental risks and maintain compliance in our business. U.S. federal and state governments, as well as governments in certain foreign jurisdictions where we operate, have also proposed environmental legislation that could, among other things, limit carbon, exhaust and greenhouse gas emissions. If enacted, such legislation could result in reduced productivity and efficiency and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Our success relies in large part on our robust governance structure and Code of Business Ethics, our corporate citizenship and engaged employees who embrace our values. As a customer-centric company with a strong service culture, we constantly work to maintain and improve our position as an employer of choice. This requires an unwavering commitment to workplace inclusion and safety as well as competitive total compensation that meets the needs of our employees and their families. 
 
 Employee Profile 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated in 28 countries with approximately 135,000 team members (comprised of 89,000 full-time and part-time employees and 46,000 temporary workers engaged through third-party agencies). Our workforce is located as follows: 42 in the United Kingdom, 30 in Europe (excluding the United Kingdom), 26 in North America and 2 were based in Latin America and Asia combined. The majority of our employees in Europe and United Kingdom were covered by collective bargaining agreements, while none of our employees in North America were covered by collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 34 of our global workforce was comprised of women, and 66 of our workforce in the U.S. were ethnic minorities. 
 
 We have made significant investments in the safety, well-being and satisfaction of our employees in numerous areas, including diversity, inclusion and belonging; health and safety; talent development and engagement; and expansive total rewards. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 
 We take pride in having an inclusive workplace that encourages a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives and mandates fair treatment for all individuals. These attributes of our culture make us a stronger organization and a better partner to all GXO stakeholders. We welcome employees of every gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, life experience, veteran status and disability. In November 2021, we appointed a Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging and we have launched a Sustainability Steering Committee and Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee in Europe and the Americas whose strategies include support and contributions for our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG commitments and ongoing community engagement events. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 Our employees safety is always our foremost priority, and we have numerous protocols in place to ensure a safe workplace environment. We aim to maintain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration recordable incident rate that is less than half the published rate for the General Warehousing and Storage sector, based on the Industry Injury and Illness Data of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 
 5 

Talent Development and Engagement 
 
 Our employees are critically important to our ability to provide best-in-class service. We ask our employees for feedback through engagement surveys, roundtables and town halls, and we use periodic engagement surveys to gauge our progress and assess satisfaction. In this way, our employees help drive the continuous improvement of our business. We seek to identify top talent in all aspects of the recruitment process, and we emphasize training and development supported by our own GXO University. 
 
 We tailor our recruitment efforts by geography and job function using an array of channels to ensure a diverse candidate pool. Our talent development infrastructure provides resources to employees who aspire to grow throughout their careers, such as tailored skills development, training and mentoring. In addition, we maintain a robust pipeline of future operations leaders by using structured sponsorships and additional learning techniques to develop internal candidates who demonstrate high potential to advance from supervisory roles into site leader positions. Our programs also retain top talent by defining personalized development paths and attract new talent by differentiating GXO as an employer of choice. 
 
 Expansive Total Rewards 
 
 We offer a competitive compensation package to help attract and retain outstanding talent. We offer competitive wages and a comprehensive suite of benefits to all employees to maintain our position as an employer of choice in the talent marketplace. A number of the benefits we offer were introduced in response to employee feedback in the U.S., examples include our pregnancy care policy, family bonding policy, tuition reimbursement program for continuing education, and benefits such as diabetes management, supplemental insurance and short-term loans. In Europe, the benefits offered vary by country and are tailored to the needs of the local markets. Examples include comprehensive healthcare and risk insurance, employee assistance programs covering mental, physical and financial wellbeing, pension plans, profit sharing, and local and global bonuses structured to offer competitive pay in each country. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The following information relates to our executive officers: 
 
 Name Age Position Malcolm Wilson 64 Chief Executive Officer Baris Oran 49 Chief Financial Officer Karlis Kirsis 43 Chief Legal Officer Maryclaire Hammond 57 Chief Human Resources Officer Elizabeth Fogarty 53 Chief Communications Officer 
 
 Malcolm Wilson has served as Chief Executive Officer since the Separation in August 2021, after serving as Chief Executive Officer of XPO Logistics Europe since September 2017. He joined XPO in 2015 through XPO s acquisition of Norbert Dentressangle, where he led the logistics division and served on the executive board. 
 
 Baris Oran has served as Chief Financial Officer since the Separation in August 2021. Mr. Oran joined XPO in May 2021 as Chief Financial Officer of XPO s Logistics segment after having previously served as Chief Financial Officer of the Sabanci Group, one of Turkey s largest publicly traded companies. Mr. Oran served as Chief Financial Officer of Sabanci from 2016 to 2021, prior to which he held other senior finance roles at the company. 
 
 Karlis Kirsis has served as Chief Legal Officer since the Separation in August 2021, after serving as Senior Vice President, European Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Secretary for XPO, a role he had held since February 2020. Mr. Kirsis previously served in various roles at XPO, including Senior Vice President, Corporate Counsel from July 2017 to February 2020 and Vice President, Corporate and Securities Counsel from September 2016 to July 2017. 
 6 

Maryclaire Hammond has served as Chief Human Resources Officer since the Separation in August 2021, after serving as Senior Vice President, Human Resources Americas and Asia Pacific for XPO s North American logistics business, a role she had held since September 2019. Prior to her time with XPO, Ms. Hammond was employed by Marathon Petroleum Company (formerly Andeavor) as a Senior Human Resources Director from August 2017 to September 2019, and before that as Human Resources Director for BP North America. 
 
 Elizabeth Fogarty has served as Chief Communications Officer since September 2021. Prior to her time with GXO, Ms. Fogarty was employed by Citi as the Managing Director and Head of Global Consumer Banking Public Affairs from October 2013 to September 2021, and before that as the Director of Corporate Communications and Vice President of Global Public Affairs. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, on our corporate website at www.gxo.com. Materials are available online as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically submit them to the SEC. Further materials regarding our corporate governance policies and practices, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Ethics and the charters relating to the committees of our Board of Directors are also available on the investors section of our website. 
 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The following are important factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report or our other filings with the SEC or in oral presentations such as telephone conferences and webcasts open to the public. You should carefully consider the following factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in Item 8. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Risks Related to Our Strategy and Operations 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and failure to compete or respond to customer requirements could negatively affect our business and our results of operations. 
 
 The logistics industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. We compete against multinational firms, regional players and emerging technology companies. We also must contend with our customers ability to in-source their logistics operations. The competitive factors that are most important to our customers are price and quality of service. Many larger customers utilize the services of multiple logistics providers. Customers regularly solicit bids from competitors to improve service and to secure favorable pricing and contractual terms such as longer payment terms, fixed-price arrangements, higher or unlimited liability and performance penalties. Increased competition and competitors acceptance of more onerous contractual terms could result in reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Increases in our labor costs to attract, develop and retain employees may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our workforce is comprised primarily of employees who work on an hourly basis. To grow our operations and meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of hourly employees while controlling labor costs. Several of our long-term customer contracts are fixed-price arrangements that limit our ability to pass on to our customers increases in labor costs due to low unemployment, increases in government unemployment benefits, competitive pressures, union activity or changes in federal or state minimum wage or overtime laws, and any such increases in labor costs could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, our operations are subject to various employment-related laws and regulations, which govern matters such as minimum wages, union organizing rights, the classification of employees and independent contractors, family and medical leave, overtime pay, compensable time, recordkeeping and other working conditions, and a variety of similar laws that govern these and other employment-related matters. Any changes to employment-related laws and regulations, including increased minimum wages or the expansion of union organization rights could result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Labor represents a significant portion of our operating expenses; thus, compliance with these evolving laws and regulations could substantially increase our cost of doing business, while failure to do so could subject us to significant fines and lawsuits and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are currently subject to employment-related claims in connection with our operations. These claims, lawsuits and proceedings are in various stages of adjudication or investigation and involve a wide variety of claims and potential outcomes. 
 
 8 

We depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and temporary workers. 
 
 We depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, including our executive officers and managers. If we are unable to attract and retain such individuals, we may be unable to maintain our current competitive position within the industry, meet our customers expectations or successfully expand and grow our business. 
 
 Our ability to meet customer demands and expectations, especially during periods of peak volume, is substantially dependent on our ability to recruit and retain qualified temporary part-time and full-time workers. Increased demand for temporary workers, low unemployment or changes in federal or state minimum wage laws may increase the costs of temporary labor, and any such increases in labor costs could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Therefore, our inability to recruit a qualified temporary workforce may result in our inability to meet our customers performance targets. 
 
 Our past acquisitions, as well as any acquisitions that we may complete in the future, may be unsuccessful or result in other risks or developments that adversely affect our financial condition and results. 
 
 While we intend for our acquisitions to improve our competitiveness and profitability, we cannot be certain that our past or future acquisitions will be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet our operational or strategic expectations. Special risks, including accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology or human resources issues may arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an existing company, including the assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies, difficulties in integrating acquired businesses, possible management distractions or the inability of the acquired business to achieve the levels of revenue, income, productivity or synergies we anticipate or otherwise perform as we expect on the timeline contemplated. We are unable to predict all of the risks that could arise as a result of our acquisitions. 
 
 If the performance of an acquired business, including our 2022 acquisition of Clipper, varies from our projections or assumptions or if estimates about the future profitability of an acquired business change, our revenues, earnings or other aspects of our financial condition could be adversely affected. We may also experience difficulties in connection with integrating any acquired companies into our existing businesses and operations, including our existing infrastructure and information technology systems. The infrastructure and information technology systems of acquired companies could present issues that we were unable to identify prior to the acquisition and could adversely affect our financial condition and results. We have experienced challenges of this nature relating to the infrastructure and systems of certain companies that we have acquired. Also, we may not realize all of the synergies we anticipate from past and potential future acquisitions. Among the synergies that we currently expect to realize are cross-selling opportunities to our existing customers, network synergies and other operational synergies. Variances from these or other assumptions or expectations could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not successfully manage our growth. 
 
 We have grown rapidly and substantially over prior years, including by expanding our internal resources, making acquisitions and entering new markets and we intend to continue to focus on rapid growth, including organic growth and additional acquisitions. We may experience difficulties and higher than expected expenses in executing this strategy as a result of unfamiliarity with new markets, changes in revenue and business models, entry into new geographic areas or increased pressure on our existing infrastructure and information technology systems. 
 
 Our growth will place a significant strain on our management, operational, financial and information technology resources. We will need to continually improve existing procedures and controls, as well as implement new transaction processing, operational and financial systems and procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base. Our working capital needs will continue to increase as our operations grow. Failure to manage our growth effectively or obtain necessary working capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 9 

Our overseas operations are subject to various operational and financial risks that could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The services we provide outside of the U.S. are subject to risks resulting from changes in tariffs, trade restrictions, trade agreements, tax rules and policies, difficulties in managing or overseeing foreign operations and agents, different liability standards, issues related to compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, data protection, trade compliance and intellectual property laws of countries that do not protect our rights relating to our intellectual property, including our proprietary information systems, to the same extent as U.S. laws. The occurrence or consequences of any of these factors may restrict our ability to operate in the affected region or decrease the profitability of our operations in that region. In addition, as we expand our business in foreign countries, we will be exposed to increased risk of loss from foreign currency fluctuations and exchange controls. 
 
 We are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations because a significant proportion of our assets, liabilities and earnings are denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 We present our financial statements in U.S. dollars USD ), but we hold a significant proportion of our net assets and generate income in non-USD currencies, primarily the Euro and British pound sterling. Consequently, a depreciation of non-USD currencies relative to the USD could have an adverse impact on our financial results as further discussed in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 National and regional differences in monetary policy may cause the value of the non-USD currencies to fluctuate against the USD. Currency volatility contributes to variations in our sales of services in impacted jurisdictions. Accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our inability to successfully manage the costs and operational difficulties of adding new customers and business may negatively affect our financial condition and operations. 
 
 Establishing new customer relationships or adding operational sites for existing customers requires a significant amount of time, operational focus and capital. Although we typically partner with our new customers to ensure that onboarding is smooth, our inability to integrate new customers or operational sites into our technology systems, or recruit additional employees to manage new customer relationships, or incurrence of higher than anticipated costs to onboard new customers may negatively affect our financial condition or operations. 
 
 In addition, our operations can require a significant commitment of capital in the form of shelving, racking and other warehousing systems that may be necessary to implement warehouse solutions for our customers. These costs are often billed to the customer over the expected length of the customer relationship. To the extent that a customer defaults on its obligations under its agreement with us, we could be forced to take a significant loss on the unrecovered portion of the upfront capital costs. 
 
 The contractual terms between us and our customers could expose us to penalties and costs in the event we do not meet the contractually prescribed performance levels. 
 
 We maintain long-term contracts with the majority of our customers, many of which include performance-based minimum levels of service. Although we manage our business to exceed prescribed performance levels, our inability to meet these service levels, whether due to labor shortages, volume peaks, our inability to procure temporary labor, technological malfunctions or other events that may or may not be within our control, may expose us to penalties or incremental costs or lead to the termination of customer contracts, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 10 

Our operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, and our inability to manage these fluctuations could negatively affect our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Many of our customers typically realize a significant portion of their sales during the holiday season in the fourth quarter of each calendar year. Although not all of our customers experience the same seasonal variation, and some customers may have seasonal peaks that occur in periods other than the fourth quarter, the seasonality of our customers businesses places higher demands on our services during peak periods, requiring us to take measures, including temporarily expanding our workforce, to meet our customers demands. Our failure to meet our customers expectations during these seasonal peaks may negatively affect our customer relationships, could expose us to penalties under our contractual arrangements with customers and ultimately could negatively affect our business and our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from the COVID-19 global pandemic (the Pandemic ). 
 
 Our results of operations may continue to reflect the adverse impact from the Pandemic, including its impact on our supply chain and inflationary pressures. A pandemic or other public health epidemic poses the risk that we or our employees, customers, suppliers, manufacturers and other commercial partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by governmental authorities. 
 
 The extent to which the Pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on many factors that are not within GXO s control, including but not limited to the Pandemic's path and effect, new variants and vaccination rates, potential supply chain disruptions and inflation, which can impact our key markets, business or financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Russia s Invasion of Ukraine. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military invasion of Ukraine. The United States and other countries and certain international organizations have imposed broad-ranging economic sanctions on Russia and certain Russian individuals, banking entities and corporations as a response, and additional sanctions may be imposed. The extent and duration of the military action or future escalation of such hostilities, resulting sanctions and market disruptions and volatility are impossible to predict, but could be significant and could have a severe adverse effect on the regional and global economies. The ramifications of the hostilities and sanctions may not be limited to Russia, Ukraine and Russian and Ukrainian companies; ramifications may spill over to and negatively impact other regional and global economic markets, may cause supply chain disruptions and may increase costs for transportation and energy. The potential for a wider conflict could further increase financial market volatility and could negatively affect our ability to raise additional capital when required. While we currently conduct limited business in Russia, the conflict and its effects could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Use of Technology 
 
 Our business will be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems, including those systems of any businesses that we acquire. 
 
 We rely heavily on our information technology systems in managing our business; they are a key component of our customer-facing services and internal growth strategy. In general, we expect our customers to continue to demand more sophisticated, fully integrated technology. To keep pace with changing technologies and customer demands, we must correctly address market trends and enhance the features and functionality of our proprietary technology platform in response to these trends. This process of continuous enhancement may lead to significant ongoing software development costs, which will continue to increase if we pursue new acquisitions of companies and their current systems. In addition, we may fail to accurately determine the needs of our customers or trends in the logistics industry, or we may fail to respond appropriately by implementing functionality for our technology platform in a 
 11 

timely or cost-effective manner. Any such failures could result in decreased demand for our services and a corresponding decrease in our revenues. 
 
 If our information technology systems are unable to manage high volumes with reliability, accuracy and speed as we grow, or if such systems are not suited to manage the various services we offer, our service levels and operating efficiency could decline. In addition, if we fail to hire and retain qualified personnel to implement, protect and maintain our information technology systems, or if we fail to enhance our systems to meet our customers needs, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our technology may not be successful or may not achieve the desired results, and we may require additional training or different personnel to successfully implement this technology. Our technology development process may be subject to cost overruns or delays in obtaining the expected results, which may result in disruptions to our operations. 
 
 A failure of our information technology infrastructure or a breach of our information systems, networks or processes may materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, including internet and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business. We also rely on third parties and virtualized infrastructure to operate our information technology systems. Despite significant testing for risk management, external and internal risks, such as malware, insecure coding, Acts of God, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to the stability or effectiveness of our information technology systems and operations. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could adversely affect our business through transaction errors, billing and invoicing errors, internal recordkeeping and reporting errors, processing inefficiencies and loss of sales, receivables collection or customers. Any such failure could result in harm to our reputation and have an ongoing adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including after the underlying failures have been remedied. 
 
 We may also be subject to cybersecurity attacks and other intentional hacking. Any failure to identify and address such defects or errors or prevent a cyber-attack could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, loss of revenues or market share, liabilities to our customers or others, the diversion of corporate resources, injury to our reputation or increased service and maintenance costs. Addressing such issues could prove to be impossible or very costly and responding to the resulting claims or liability could similarly involve substantial cost. In addition, recently, regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection has heightened in the U.S. and abroad, particularly in the EU, and failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could harm our business, its reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Issues related to the intellectual property rights on which our business depends, whether related to our failure to enforce our own rights or infringement claims brought by others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We use both internally developed and purchased technologies in conducting our business. It is possible that users of these technologies, whether internally developed or purchased, could be claimed to infringe upon or violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. In the event that a claim is made against us by a third-party for the infringement of intellectual property rights, a settlement or adverse judgment against us could result in increased costs to license the technology or a legal prohibition against continued use of the technology. Thus, our failure to obtain, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights, to protect our intellectual property and technology. Any of our owned or licensed intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated; our trade secrets and other confidential information could be disclosed 
 12 

in an unauthorized manner to third parties; or we may fail to secure the rights to intellectual property developed by our employees, contractors and others. Efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be time-consuming and costly, distract management s attention, divert our resources and ultimately be unsuccessful. Moreover, should we fail to develop and properly manage future intellectual property, this could adversely affect our market positions and business opportunities. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Credit and Liquidity 
 
 Challenges in the commercial and credit environment may adversely affect our future access to capital on favorable terms. 
 
 Volatility in the world financial markets could increase borrowing costs or affect our ability to access the capital markets. Our ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our services or in the solvency of our customers or suppliers or if there are other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. 
 
 We have incurred debt obligations that could adversely affect our business and profitability and our ability to meet other obligations. 
 
 In 2021, in connection with the Separation, GXO entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement providing an 800 million unsecured five-year revolving credit facility and issued 800 million of unsecured notes in two series. GXO transferred a portion of the net proceeds of the notes and other cash and cash equivalents to XPO. In March 2022, GXO entered into a two- and three-year term loan facility that provided 165 million and 235 million, respectively, and in May 2022, GXO entered into a five-year unsecured term loan facility that provided a 500 million unsecured term loan. The term loans were used to fund the Clipper Acquisition. As a result of these transactions, GXO had approximately 1.6 billion of outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022, excluding finance leases and other debt. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Further, failure to comply with the covenants under our indebtedness may have a material adverse impact on our operations. If we fail to comply with any of the covenants under our debt obligations and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, such failure may result in an event of default under our indebtedness. We may not have sufficient liquidity to repay or refinance our indebtedness if such indebtedness were accelerated upon an event of default. 
 
 Risks Related to Third-Party Relationships 
 
 Our business may be materially adversely affected by labor disputes or organizing efforts. 
 
 Labor disputes involving our customers could affect our operations. If our customers experience plant slowdowns or closures because they are unable to negotiate labor contracts, our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted. In particular, we derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the operation and management of facilities that are often located close to a customer s manufacturing plant and are integrated into the customer s production line process. If any of our customers are affected by labor disputes and consequently cease or significantly modify their operations at a plant served by us, we may experience significant revenue loss and shutdown costs, including costs related to early termination of leases. 
 
 In Europe, our business activities rely on a large amount of labor, including a number of workers who are affiliated with trade unions and other staff representative institutions. It is essential that we maintain good relations with employees, trade unions and other staff representative institutions. A deteriorating economic environment may result in tensions in industrial relations, which may lead to industrial action within our European operations; this could have a direct impact on our business operations. Generally, any deterioration in industrial relations in our European 
 13 

operations, such as general strike activities or other material labor disputes, could have an adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and financial position. 
 
 Although our workforce in the U.S. is not unionized, labor unions have, from time to time, attempted to organize our employees. Successful unionization of our employees or organizing efforts could lead to business interruptions, work stoppages and the reduction of service levels due to work rules that could have an adverse effect on our customer relationships and our revenues, earnings and financial position. 
 
 Any failure to properly manage our temporary workers could have a material adverse impact on our revenues, earnings, financial position. 
 
 Our business uses a large number of temporary workers in our operations. We cannot guarantee that temporary workers are as well-trained as our other employees. Specifically, we may be exposed to the risk that temporary workers may not perform their assignments in a satisfactory manner or may not comply with our safety rules in an appropriate manner, whether as a result of their lack of experience or otherwise. If such risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Litigation and Regulations 
 
 We may be involved in lawsuits and are subject to various claims that could result in significant expenditures and impact our operations. 
 
 The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various types of claims and litigation. We are subject to claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, vehicular accidents, cargo and other property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters, including claims asserted under various other theories of agency or employer liability. Claims against us may exceed the amount of insurance coverage that we have or may not be covered by insurance at all. Businesses that we acquire also increase our exposure to litigation. Material increases in liability claims or workers compensation claims, the unfavorable resolution of claims, or our failure to recover, in full or in part, under indemnity provisions could materially and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, significant increases in insurance costs or the inability to purchase insurance as a result of these claims could affect our earnings. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with a defined benefit plan for our current and former employees, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial position. 
 
 We maintain a defined benefit pension plan in the U.K. A decline in interest rates or lower returns on funded plan assets may cause increases in the expense and funding requirements for this plan. Despite past amendments that froze our defined benefit pension plan to new participants and curtailed benefits, this pension plan remains subject to volatility associated with interest rates, inflation, returns on plan assets, other actuarial assumptions and statutory funding requirements. Any of these factors could lead to a significant increase in the expense of this plan and a deterioration in the solvency of the plan, which could significantly increase our contribution requirements. As a result, we are unable to predict the effect on our financial statements associated with our defined benefit pension plan. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations for U.S. and multinational companies may increase our tax liability. 
 
 The U.S. Congress, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), the EU and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates do business have maintained a focus on the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD has recommended changes to numerous long-standing international tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project. These and other tax laws and related regulations changes, to the extent adopted, may increase tax uncertainty, result in higher compliance costs and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and/or cash flow. 
 
 14 

We are subject to regulation, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our operations are regulated and licensed by various governmental agencies at the local, state and federal levels in the U.S. and in the foreign countries where we operate. These regulatory agencies have authority and oversight of domestic and international activities. Our subsidiaries must also comply with applicable regulations and requirements of various agencies. 
 
 The regulatory landscape in which we operate is constantly evolving and subject to significant change, including as a result of evolving political and social pressures. Future laws, regulations and regulatory reforms, may be more stringent and may require changes to our operating practices that influence the demand for our services or require us to incur significant additional costs. We are unable to predict the impact that recently enacted and future regulations may have on our business. If higher costs are incurred by us as a result of future changes in regulations, this could adversely affect our results of operations to the extent we are unable to obtain a corresponding increase in price from our customers. 
 
 Proposed or pending legislative or regulatory changes, or future legislative or regulatory changes, at the federal, state or local level may decrease demand for our services, increase our costs, including our labor costs, and negatively affect our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to possible regulatory and legislative changes that may impact our operations, including but not limited to changes that would encourage workers to unionize, make it easier for workers to collectively bargain, increase operational requirements on our business or mandate certain restrictions on the terms of employment for individual workers, including how often they can work or how long they can work in any individual shift. Any and all of these changes or other similar changes could have significant implications for our business model, including increasing our labor costs, reducing our operational flexibility and restricting our ability to meet our customers expectations and demands, any of which could negatively affect our business and our results of operations. If such regulations are adopted, they could increase our cost of operations or hinder our ability to meet our customers expectations and demands, either of which would negatively affect our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, significant regulatory changes at the federal, state or local level may negatively affect economic output, cause growth to slow, reduce consumer spending and sentiment and result in decreased demand for our services, negatively affecting our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Economic recessions and other factors that reduce consumer spending, both in North America and Europe, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our performance is affected by recessionary economic cycles, downturns in customers business cycles and changes in customers business practices. Our customers experience cyclical fluctuations in demand for their products due to economic recessions, which reduces the demand for our services and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Our operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. The operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and regulations. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future. 
 15 

Our ability to achieve our ESG goals are subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to ESG matters, including practices and disclosures related to environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals, including our goal to achieve 30 reduction in Greenhouse Gas GHG emissions by 2030, and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and may be dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to meet our ESG goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, our reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on ESG matters. If, as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our Company. As the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, including the SEC s recently proposed disclosure requirements regarding, among other matters, GHG emissions, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Any failure or perceived failure, whether or not valid, to pursue or fulfill our ESG goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various ESG reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could increase the risk of litigation. 
 
 Risks Related to the Separation 
 
 If the Separation, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify XPO for material amounts of taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement by and between 
 XPO and GXO (the TMA ). 
 
 In connection with the Separation, XPO received an opinion of outside counsel regarding the qualification of certain elements of the Separation under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The opinion of counsel was based upon and relies on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements, and undertakings of XPO. Notwithstanding the receipt of the opinion of counsel, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), could determine that the Separation and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. In addition, the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and will not be binding on the IRS or any court, and the IRS or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the Separation and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such a challenge, we, as well as XPO and XPO s stockholders, could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability. 
 
 If the Separation, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, XPO would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the GXO common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and XPO stockholders who receive such GXO shares in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. 
 
 In addition, as part of and prior to the Separation, XPO and its subsidiaries completed an internal reorganization, and XPO, GXO and their respective subsidiaries incurred certain tax costs in connection with the internal reorganization, including non-U.S. tax costs resulting from transactions in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may be material. With respect to certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization, XPO obtained opinions of external tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such transactions. Such opinions are based and relied on, among other 
 16 

things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of XPO, GXO or their respective subsidiaries. If any of these representations or statements is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if XPO, GXO or their respective subsidiaries do not fulfill or otherwise comply with any such undertakings or covenants, such opinions may be invalid or the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Further, notwithstanding receipt of any such tax opinions, there can be no assurance that the relevant taxing authorities will not assert that the tax treatment of the relevant transactions differs from the conclusions reached in the relevant tax opinions. In the event the relevant taxing authorities prevail with any challenge in respect of any relevant transaction, XPO, GXO and their subsidiaries could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 
 
 Under the TMA, we generally are required to indemnify XPO for any taxes resulting from the Separation (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) an acquisition of all or certain portions of the equity securities or assets of GXO, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether we participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) certain other actions or failures to act by GXO, or (iii) any breach of GXO s covenants or undertakings contained in the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other agreements and documents. Further, under the TMA, we may be required to indemnify XPO for a specified portion of any taxes (and any related costs and other damages) arising as a result of the failure of the Separation and certain related transactions to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free (including as a result of Section 355(e) of the Code) or a failure of any internal distribution that is intended to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free to so qualify, in each case, to the extent such amounts did not result from a disqualifying action by, or acquisition of equity securities of, XPO or GXO. Any such indemnity obligations could be material. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Any stockholder s percentage of ownership in GXO may be diluted in the future at any given time. 
 
 In the future, existing holders of our common stock may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions, or otherwise, including any equity awards that we will grant to our directors, officers and employees. Our employees have stock-based awards that correspond to shares of our common stock after the Separation as a result of the conversion of their XPO stock-based awards. In addition, the compensation committee of our board of directors has granted and is likely to continue to grant additional stock-based awards to our employees under our employee benefits plans. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on the number of GXO shares outstanding, and therefore on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Certain provisions in GXO s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of GXO, which could decrease the trading price of GXO s common stock. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include: 
 
 the ability of our remaining directors to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 limitations on stockholders ability to call a special stockholder meeting or act by written consent; 
 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; and 
 the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ), which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with persons that acquire, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation may not engage in a business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or any of its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 
 17 

We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make GXO immune from takeovers; however, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of GXO and our stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 
 In addition, in certain circumstances an acquisition or further issuance of our stock may trigger the application of Section 355(e) of the Code, causing the Separation to be taxable to XPO. Under the TMA, we are required to indemnify XPO for the resulting tax, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that our stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 GXO s amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains an exclusive forum provision that may discourage lawsuits against GXO and GXO s directors and officers. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of GXO, any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director or officer of GXO to GXO or to GXO stockholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against GXO or any current or former director or officer of GXO arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, any action asserting a claim relating to or involving GXO governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, this exclusive forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, although GXO stockholders will not be deemed to have waived GXO s compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with GXO or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against GXO and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 18 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated in 979 facilities, including five corporate offices, located in the United States, United Kingdom, and Europe, of which 372 facilities are owned or leased by our customers. In the aggregate, we occupied 197 million square feet in our locations. 
 
 Facilities Square Footage Locations Leased Facilities Owned Facilities Customer Facilities (1) 
 Total Leased Facilities Owned Facilities Customer Facilities (1) 
 Total (in millions) United States 193 101 294 47 31 78 United Kingdom 161 2 153 316 19 1 20 40 Europe (2) 
 188 99 287 41 31 72 Other (3) 
 58 19 77 5 2 7 Corporate 5 5 Total 605 2 372 979 112 1 84 197 
 (1) Locations owned or leased by our customers. 
 (2) Excludes the United Kingdom. 
 (3) Locations are primarily in Asia and Latin America. 
 
 We lease our global headquarters in Greenwich, Connecticut, our executive office in London, England, and various other offices in the United States, United Kingdom, France and India to support our global executive and shared services functions. We believe that our facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 See Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 19 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information and Dividends 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol GXO. On February 13, 2023, there were approximately 88 record holders of our common stock. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 On August 2, 2021, our common stock began regular-way trading. The following graph sets forth the cumulative total stockholder return to GXO s stockholders for the period beginning August 2, 2021, through December 31, 2022, as well as the corresponding returns on the S P 400 MidCap Index, the S P 500 Technology Index and the S P 500 Transportation Index. 
 
 The stock performance assumes 100 was invested on August 2, 2021 in our common stock, the S P 400 MidCap Index, the S P 500 Technology Index and the S P 500 Transportation Index, including reinvestment of dividends through December 31, 2022. 

8/2/2021 9/30/2021 12/31/2021 3/31/2022 6/30/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2022 GXO 100.00 124.37 144.01 113.11 68.61 55.59 67.69 S P 400 MidCap Index 100.00 98.09 105.57 100.06 84.28 81.85 90.28 S P 500 Technology Index 
 100.00 97.77 113.85 104.12 82.83 77.50 80.94 S P 500 Transportation Index 
 100.00 94.03 110.27 109.70 89.94 79.95 88.61 
 
 20 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company completed the Clipper Acquisition. The Company acquired Clipper for 1,106 million, consisting of 902 million in cash and the issuance of 3,757,657 shares of GXO common stock having a value of 204 million. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Clipper Acquisition, 7,551 shares of GXO common stock were issued during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the exercise of options under a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act, which exempts from the registration requirements under the Securities Act any securities that are issued in exchange for one or more bona fide outstanding securities where the terms and conditions of such issuance and exchange are approved, after a hearing upon the fairness of such terms and conditions at which all persons to whom it is proposed to issue securities in such exchange shall have the right to appear, by any court or other governmental authority expressly authorized by law, to grant such approval. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements that are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please see Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 
 Also, the following discussion and analysis of our financial conditions and results of operations generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Annual Report and can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Business Overview 
 
 GXO Logistics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries GXO, the Company or we ), is the largest pure-play contract logistics provider in the world and a foremost innovator in an industry. We provide our customers with high-value-add warehousing and distribution, order fulfillment, e-commerce, reverse logistics and other supply chain services differentiated by our ability to deliver technology-enabled, customized solutions at scale. Our customers rely on us to move their goods with high efficiency through their supply chains from the moment inbound goods arrive at our logistics sites, through fulfillment and distribution and the management of returned products. Our customer base includes many blue-chip leaders in sectors that demonstrate high growth and/or durable demand, with significant growth potential through customer outsourcing of logistics services. 
 
 We strive to provide all of our customers with consistently high levels of service and cutting-edge automation. We also collaborate with our largest customers on planning and forecasting and provide assistance with network optimization, working with these customers to design or redesign their supply chains to meet specific goals, such as sustainability metrics. Our multidisciplinary, consultative approach has led to many of our key customer relationships extending for years and expanding in scope. 
 
 The most dramatic growth in secular demand in recent years has been in e-commerce and related sectors, including omnichannel retail and other direct-to-consumer channels. We expect to attract new customers and expand the services we provide to existing customers through new projects, thus earning more of their external and internal logistics spend. We use technology to manage advanced automation, labor productivity, safety and the complex flow of goods within sophisticated logistics environments. 
 
 Our business model is asset-light and historically resilient in cycles, with high returns, strong free cash flow and visibility into revenue and earnings. The vast majority of our contracts with customers are multi-year agreements, and our facility lease arrangements generally align with contract length. Most of our customer contracts contain both fixed and variable components. The fixed component is typically designed to cover facility, technology and equipment costs, while the variable component is determined based on expected volumes and associated labor costs. 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 Prior to the separation (the Separation from XPO, Inc. XPO ), GXO historical financial statements were prepared on a standalone combined basis and were derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of XPO. On August 2, 2021, the Company became a standalone publicly traded company, and its financial statements post-Separation are now prepared on a consolidated basis. The combined consolidated financial statements for all periods presented prior to the Separation are now referred to as Consolidated Financial Statements and have been prepared under U.S generally accounting principles GAAP ). 
 
 22 

Prior to the Separation, GXO historical assets and liabilities presented were wholly owned by XPO and were reflected on a historical cost basis. In connection with the Separation, GXO assets and liabilities were transferred to the Company on a carry-over basis. 
 
 Prior to the Separation, GXO historical results of operations included allocations of XPO costs and expenses, including XPO s corporate function which incurred a variety of expenses including, but not limited to, information technology, human resources, accounting, sales and sales operations, procurement, executive services, legal, corporate finance and communications. An allocation of these expenses is included to burden all business units comprising XPO s historical results of operations, including GXO. The charges reflected have been either specifically identified or allocated using drivers including proportional adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which include adjustments for transaction and integration costs, as well as restructuring costs and other adjustments, or headcount. The majority of these allocated costs are recorded within Selling, general and administrative expense SG A ), Depreciation and amortization expense and Transaction and integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Clipper Logistics plc Clipper ), an omnichannel retail logistics specialist based in Leeds, England (the Clipper Acquisition ). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 569 million and 4 million of revenue and income before income taxes, respectively. 
 
 GXO has one reportable segment. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue 8,993 7,940 1,053 13 Direct operating expense 7,443 6,637 806 12 Selling, general and administrative expense 886 714 172 24 Depreciation and amortization expense 329 335 (6) (2) Transaction and integration costs 61 99 (38) (38) Restructuring costs and other 32 4 28 n/m Operating income 242 151 91 60 Other income, net 51 23 28 n/m Interest expense (29) (21) (8) 38 Income before income taxes 264 153 111 73 Income tax (expense) benefit (64) 8 (72) n/m Net income 200 161 39 24 
 n/m - not meaningful 
 
 Revenue for 2022 increased by 13 , or 1.1 billion, to 9.0 billion compared with 7.9 billion for 2021. The increase in 2022 compared to the prior year reflects an increase of 569 million due to the Clipper Acquisition, 391 million in our Americas and Asia-Pacific operations and 172 million from our United Kingdom and Ireland operations. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of 79 million in our Continental Europe operations, primarily due to the deconsolidation of a 50 owned joint venture and foreign currency movement. Foreign currency movement decreased revenue by 653 million in 2022. 
 
 Direct operating expenses comprise both fixed and variable expenses and consist of operating costs related to our logistics facilities, including personnel costs, facility and equipment expenses, such as rent, utilities, equipment maintenance and repair, transportation costs, costs of materials and supplies and information technology expenses. Direct operating expense for 2022 increased by 12 , or 806 million, to 7.4 billion compared with 6.6 billion for 
 23 

2021. As a percentage of revenue, direct operating expense was 82.8 and 83.6 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Direct operating expense increased primarily due to higher personnel and temporary labor expenses of 528 million, as well as higher third-party transportation costs and facilities expense of 224 million. 
 
 SG A primarily consists of salary and benefit costs for executive and certain administration functions, professional fees, facility costs other than those related to our logistics facilities, bad debt expense and legal costs. SG A for 2022 increased by 24 , or 172 million, to 886 million, compared with 714 million in 2021. SG A increased primarily due to higher personnel expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022 decreased to 329 million compared with 335 million for 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense included amortization of intangible assets of 68 million and 61 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily a result of 15 million allocated corporate charges from XPO before the Separation in the prior year, offset by higher amortization as a result of the Clipper Acquisition. 
 
 Transaction and integration costs were 61 million in 2022, compared with 99 million for 2021. Transaction and integration costs in 2022 include 46 million related to the Clipper Acquisition, reflecting costs associated with financing arrangements, advisory fees and integration costs, and 15 million from the Separation, primarily reflecting rebranding costs. Transaction and integration costs in 2021 primarily relate to the Separation and the acquisition of the majority of Kuehne + Nagel s contract logistics operations in the U.K. (the K + N Acquisition ). 
 
 We engage in restructuring actions as part of our ongoing efforts to best use our resources and infrastructure. These costs are primarily related to severance; including projects to optimize human resources, finance and information technology activities; and are not associated with customer attrition. Restructuring costs and other for 2022 were 32 million compared with 4 million for 2021. Restructuring costs and other for 2022 included 24 million related to severance costs, primarily from the exit of non-core businesses and central efficiency projects, and 8 million related to the deconsolidation of a joint venture. 
 
 Other income, net was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net periodic pension income 
 33 19 14 74 Foreign currency gain (loss): 
 Realized foreign currency option and forward contracts gain 
 29 1 28 n/m Unrealized foreign currency option and forward contracts gain (loss) 
 (11) 1 (12) n/m 
 Foreign currency transaction and remeasurement gain (loss) 
 (4) 2 (6) n/m 
 Total foreign currency gain 14 4 10 n/m Other 
 4 4 n/m 
 Total 
 51 23 28 n/m 
 n/m - not meaningful 
 
 Interest expense primarily consists of interest related to indebtedness for money borrowed, capital lease obligations and cross currency swaps used in net investment hedges. Interest expense for 2022 increased by 38 , or 8 million, to 29 million, compared to 21 million for 2021 as a result of higher outstanding debt. 
 
 Income before income taxes for 2022, increased by 111 million, to 264 million, compared with 153 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to growth in our business, lower transaction and integration costs, and other income from a pension plan and foreign currency contracts, partially offset by higher restructuring costs. Income from continuing operations before income taxes for our domestic operations was 105 million for 2022, compared with a loss of 25 million in 2021. The increase in income in our domestic operations for 2022 was driven by a 16 increase in revenue resulting primarily from the reduced impact of COVID-19 on our business in 2022 and lower depreciation and amortization expense of 20 million. Income from continuing operations before income taxes for our foreign operations was 159 million for 2022, compared with income of 178 million in 2021. The decrease in 
 24 

income was primarily driven by the impact of foreign currency movement, offset by an increase of 4 million in additional income resulting from the Clipper Acquisition, as well as an increase in pension income of 14 million. 
 
 Income tax for 2022 was a 64 million expense compared to an 8 million benefit for 2021. Our effective tax rate was 24.2 in 2022 and not meaningful in 2021. The increase in our effective income tax rate was driven by contribution and margin-based taxes and offset by the benefit from changes to the valuation allowance and stock-based compensation. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our ability to fund our operations and anticipated capital needs are reliant upon the generation of cash from operations, supplemented as necessary by periodic utilization of our revolving credit facility. Our principal uses of cash in the future will be primarily to fund our operations, working capital needs, capital expenditures, repayment of borrowings and strategic business development transactions. The timing and magnitude of our start-ups can vary and may positively or negatively impact our cash flows. 
 
 We continually evaluate our liquidity requirements and capital structure in light of our operating needs, growth initiatives and capital resources. We believe that our existing liquidity and sources of capital are sufficient to support our operations over the next 12 months. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our 2023 capital expenditures include fulfillment costs and investments in technology and automation to improve the speed and accuracy of order fulfillment and the resiliency of supply chains. The level and the timing of the Company s capital expenditures within these categories can vary as a result of a variety of factors outside our control, such as the timing of new contracts, availability of labor and materials, and foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that we have significant discretion over the amount and timing of our capital expenditures as we are not subject to any agreement that would require significant capital expenditures on a designated schedule or upon the occurrence of designated events. 
 
 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 
 Five-Year Term Loan 
 
 On May 25, 2022, the Company entered into a five-year unsecured Term Loan (the Five-Year Term Loan that provided a 500 million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. On May 26, 2022, the Company borrowed 500 million that will mature on May 26, 2027. The loan bears interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus an applicable margin based on the Company s credit ratings. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured delayed draw Term Loan (the Delayed Draw Term Loan that provided a 375 million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. The loan was available to the Company in U.S. dollars or British pounds sterling. On May 26, 2022, the Company borrowed, in U.S. dollars, a 165 million two-year term loan tranche (the Two-Year Term Loan and a 235 million three-year term loan tranche (the Three-Year Term Loan that will mature on May 26, 2024 and May 26, 2025, respectively. The Two-Year Term Loan and Three-Year Term Loan bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the adjusted SOFR, plus an applicable margin based on the Company s credit ratings. In December 2022, the Company repaid 50 million against the Two-Year Term Loan. 
 
 25 

Bridge Term Loan 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured Bridge Term Loan (the Bridge Term Loan that provided a 745 million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. The commitments under the Bridge Term Loan were terminated with the effectiveness of the Five-Year Term Loan and the Delayed Draw Term Loan. No amounts were drawn under the Bridge Term Loan. 
 
 Unsecured Notes 
 
 In July 2021, prior to the Separation, the Company completed an offering of 800 million aggregate principal amount of notes, consisting of 400 million of notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and 400 million of notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.65 per annum payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning January 15, 2022, and maturing on July 15, 2026. The 2031 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.65 per annum payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning January 15, 2022, and maturing on July 15, 2031. The Company recognized 6 million of debt discounts and 2 million of debt issuance costs that were recorded as a reduction to the related debt instrument and will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2026 Notes and 2031 Notes. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 In June 2021, prior to the Separation, the Company entered into a five-year unsecured multi-currency Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility provides commitments of up to 800 million, of which 60 million will be available for the issuance of letters of credit. Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate equal to (i) with respect to borrowings in dollars, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the reserve-adjusted LIBOR, (ii) with respect to borrowings in Canadian dollars, the reserve-adjusted Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, and (iii) with respect to borrowings in Euros, the reserve-adjusted Euro Interbank Offered Rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on the Company s credit ratings. In addition, the Company is paying a commitment fee of 0.15 per annum on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. No amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Clipper Acquisition, the Company assumed a revolving credit facility agreement under which it may borrow up to approximately 45 million 54 million as of December 31, 2022) in aggregate at any time, expiring in November 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 18 million of borrowings outstanding under this agreement. 
 
 Sales of Certain Receivables 
 
 The Company sells certain of its trade accounts receivables on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions under various factoring agreements. The Company also sold certain European trade accounts receivables under a securitization program terminated in the first quarter of 2022. The Company accounts for these transactions as sales of receivables and presents cash proceeds as cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company uses the sale of these receivables to help manage its working capital. 
 
 26 

Information related to trade receivables sold was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Factoring agreements Receivables sold in period 992 450 612 Cash consideration 988 449 611 Securitization program Receivables sold in period 1,850 1,491 Cash consideration 1,850 1,491 Deferred purchase price 80 
 
 Covenants and Compliance 
 
 The covenants in the Five-Year Term Loan, the Delayed Draw Term Loan, the Unsecured Notes, and the Revolving Credit Facilities, which are customary for financings of this type, limit the Company s ability to incur indebtedness and grant liens, among other restrictions. In addition, the facilities require the Company to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio below a specified maximum. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company complied with the covenants contained in its debt and financing arrangements. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 The following table summarizes our asset and liability balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Total current assets 2,428 2,099 329 16 Total long-term assets 6,791 5,172 1,619 31 Total current liabilities 2,532 2,329 203 9 Total long-term liabilities 4,009 2,552 1,457 57 
 
 The increase in our assets and liabilities from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily reflects the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as various debt instruments entered into in connection with the Clipper Acquisition. 

Cash Flow Activity 
 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, were summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 542 455 87 19 Net cash used in investing activities (1,149) (207) (942) n/m Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 787 (241) 1,028 n/m Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 (18) (2) (16) n/m Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 162 5 157 n/m 
 n/m - not meaningful 
 
 27 

Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities for 2022 increased by 87 million compared with 2021. The increase 
 was primarily due to 39 million higher income in 2022, and 47 million in non-cash adjustments driven by a decrease in deferred tax benefit for 2021. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Investing activities used 1,149 million of cash in 2022 compared with 207 million used in 2021. During 2022, we used 876 million in connection with the Clipper Acquisition, 342 million of cash for capital expenditures, partially offset by 40 million received from the sales of property and equipment and 21 million in net proceeds from the settlement of cross-currency swap agreements, excluding accrued interest. During 2021, we used 250 million of cash for capital expenditures, received 32 million in connection with the K + N Acquisition and received 11 million from sales of property and equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Financing activities generated 787 million of cash in 2022 and used 241 million of cash in 2021. The primary sources of cash from financing activities in 2022 were 917 million in proceeds from long-term debt and the revolving credit facility, net, partially offset by 115 million in repayment of debt and finance leases and 16 million in payments for employee taxes on net settlement of equity awards. The primary uses of cash from financing activities in 2021 were 774 million of net transfers to XPO in connection with the Separation, 128 million to purchase the remaining noncontrolling interest in GXO Logistics Europe SAS, 72 million cash used to repay debt and finance leases and 26 million to repay borrowings related to our securitization program. The source of cash from financing activities in 2021 was the issuance of long-term debt of 794 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financial arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 We lease certain facilities and equipment under operating and finance lease arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding obligations under operating and finance leases were 2.4 billion and 132 million, respectively. See Note 8 Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 800 million of unsecured notes outstanding with interest payable in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, and 850 million of variable-rate term loans outstanding with interest payable in arrears at our option monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. See Note 9 Debt and Financing Arrangements to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 In addition, we have obligations for agreements to purchase goods or services entered into in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding and gross unrecognized tax benefits. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses. Material changes in these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments have the potential to materially alter our results of operations. We have identified the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to our financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. 
 28 

Business Combinations 
 
 We record tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations under the purchase method of accounting. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is allocated to goodwill. 
 
 Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. Significant assumptions utilized in the allocation of the purchase price related to intangible assets include future expected cash flows from acquired customer relationships and trade names and discount rates. 
 
 Our estimates of fair value are based upon reasonable assumptions but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from these estimates. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. See Note 4 Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Evaluation of Goodwill 
 
 We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment or one level below, on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We have three reporting units: i) Americas and Asia-Pacific; ii) United Kingdom and Ireland and iii) Continental Europe. 
 
 For each reporting unit, we first assess qualitative factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The qualitative factors could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. 
 
 A quantitative goodwill impairment test, when performed, includes estimating the fair value of a reporting unit using the income and/or market approach. The income approach of determining fair value is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, which requires us to make various assumptions, including assumptions about the timing and amount of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. The discount rates reflect management s judgment and are based on a risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital utilizing industry market data of businesses similar to the reporting units. Inherent in our preparation of cash flow projections are assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our operating results, business plans, expected growth rates, cost of capital and tax rates. Our forecasts also reflect expectations concerning future economic conditions, interest rates and other market data. The market approach of determining fair value is based on comparable market multiples for companies engaged in similar businesses, as well as recent transactions within our industry. We believe using these valuation techniques yields the most appropriate evidence of the reporting unit s fair value. 
 
 Many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates may change in future periods. Changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit and therefore could affect the likelihood and amount of any potential impairment. 
 
 29 

Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 We sponsor an international defined benefit pension plan. Assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit plans include the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. Assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators and are evaluated each year at December 31. A change in any of these assumptions would have an effect on net periodic pension costs reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high-quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet our pension plans expected future benefit payments, as determined for the accumulated benefit obligation. A 25-basis-point decrease in the discount rate would result in an estimated increase in the accumulated benefit obligation of approximately 24 million. The expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. An increase or decrease of 50-basis-points in the expected long-term rate of return would have decreased or increased 2022 pension expense by approximately 4 million. See Note 15 Employee Benefit Plans to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 Information related to new accounting standards is included in Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Our market risk disclosures involve forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our long-term debt portfolio, excluding finance leases and other debt, consists of 800 million fixed-rate notes and 850 million variable-rate loans, complemented by a variable-rate revolving credit facility. We use cross-currency swap agreements to convert 600 million of variable-rate debt from Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR to Euro Interbank Offered Rate Euribor ). We also entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert 250 million of variable-rate U.S. dollar USD )-denominated debt into USD-denominated fixed-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1 increase in Euribor would have increased our interest expense by approximately 6 million. For our fixed-rate notes, a 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would have decreased or increased the fair value of our notes by approximately 4 . 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 A significant proportion of our net assets and income is in non-USD currencies, primarily the Euro EUR and British pound sterling GBP ). We are exposed to currency risk from potential changes in functional currency values of our foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, and cash flows. Consequently, depreciation of the EUR or the GBP relative to the USD could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 We entered into cross-currency swap agreements to manage our foreign currency exchange risk by effectively converting a portion of the fixed-rate USD-denominated debt, including the interest payments, to fixed-rate EUR-denominated debt and a portion of the floating-rate USD-denominated loans, including the interest payments, to floating-rate EUR-denominated debt. We use foreign currency option contracts to mitigate the risk of a reduction in the value of earnings from our operations that use the EUR or GBP as their functional currency. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, a uniform 10 strengthening in the value of the USD relative to the EUR would have increased our net assets by approximately 35 million. As of December 31, 2022, a uniform 10 strengthening in 
 30 

the value of the USD relative to the GBP would have decreased our net assets by approximately 30 million. These theoretical calculations assume that an instantaneous, parallel shift in exchange rates occurs, which is not consistent with the history of foreign currency markets. Fluctuations in exchange rates also affect the volume of sales or the foreign currency sales price as competitors services become more or less attractive. The sensitivity analysis of the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates does not factor in a potential change in sales levels or local currency prices. 
 
 See Note 10 Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 31 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 37 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 

32 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 GXO Logistics, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GXO Logistics, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 The Company acquired Clipper Logistics plc during 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, Clipper Logistics plc s internal control over financial reporting associated with approximately 6 of total assets, excluding associated goodwill and intangible assets, and approximately 6 of total revenues included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Clipper Logistics plc. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our 
 33 

audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Acquisition-date fair value of a certain customer relationship intangible asset 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on May 24, 2022, the Company acquired Clipper Logistics plc in a business combination for consideration of approximately 1,106 million. As a result of the transaction, the Company acquired customer relationship intangible assets associated with the generation of future income from the acquirees existing customers. The acquisition-date fair value of intangible assets recorded by the Company was 392 million, which included customer relationship intangible assets. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the acquisition-date fair value of a certain customer relationship intangible asset as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating certain assumptions used to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationship intangible asset. Specifically, there was limited observable market information for the forecasted revenue and customer attrition assumptions, and evaluation of the discount rate assumption required specialized skills and knowledge. Changes in these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the acquisition-date fair value of the intangible asset. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the Company s process to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationship intangible asset. This included controls over the determination of the forecasted revenue, customer attrition, and discount rate assumptions used in the Company s model. We evaluated the Company s forecasted revenue of the acquired company by comparing it to (1) past performance of the acquired company, (2) actual and forecasted revenue trends of the acquirees peers, and (3) analyst reports of the acquiree. We evaluated the Company s customer attrition assumption by comparing it to historical attrition experienced by the acquired company. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and 
 34 

knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s discount rate used by comparing it against a discount rate that was developed using publicly available market data for comparable entities. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 February 15, 2023 
 
 35 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions, shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Direct operating expense Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense Transaction and integration costs Restructuring costs and other 
 Operating income Other income, net 
 Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to GXO ) Earnings (loss) per share data 
 Basic 
 ) Diluted 
 ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 36 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation gain (loss), net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit plans, net of tax of , ) and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to GXO 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 37 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31, (Dollars in millions, shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets Property and equipment, net of and in accumulated depreciation, respectively 
 Operating lease assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net of and in accumulated amortization, respectively 
 Other long-term assets Total long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Short-term borrowings and obligations under finance leases Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Long-term debt and obligations under finance leases Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 18) Stockholders equity Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Preferred Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity before noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense Deferred tax benefit 
 ) ) ) Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) Net proceeds from cross-currency swap agreements Purchase and sale of affiliate trade receivables, net ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from debt, net Repayments of debt and finance leases ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds (repayments) related to trade securitization program ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Net transfers (to) from XPO ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net 
 Noncash investing and financing activities: 
 Common stock issued for acquisition 
 Settlement of related party debt due to the Separation 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 
 Common Stock 
 XPO, Inc. Investment 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Equity Before Noncontrolling Interest 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total Equity (Shares in thousands, dollars in millions) Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance as of December 31, 2019 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net transfers from (to) XPO 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Vesting of stock compensation awards 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of stock compensation awards 
 ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Net transfers from (to) XPO, including separation adjustments ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock and reclassification of XPO investment ) Other ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Vesting of stock compensation awards 
 Tax withholding on vesting of stock compensation awards 
 ) ) ) ) Common stock issued for acquisition 
 Other 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

reportable segment. 
 
 On August 2, 2021, the Company completed the separation (the Separation from XPO, Inc. XPO ). The Separation was accomplished by the distribution of of the outstanding common stock of GXO to XPO stockholders as of the close of business on July 23, 2021, the record date for the distribution. XPO stockholders received share of GXO common stock for every share of XPO common stock held at the close of business on the record date. On August 2, 2021, GXO became a standalone publicly-traded company and regular-way trading of GXO s common stock commenced on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GXO. GXO was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in February 2021. 

41 

Significant Accounting Policies 

Provisions charged to expense Write-offs, less recoveries, and other adjustments ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Property and equipment, which includes assets recorded under finance leases, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation or, in the case of acquired property and equipment, at fair value at the date of acquisition. Maintenance and repair expenditures are charged to expenses as incurred. 
 
 42 

years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or term of lease Technology and automated systems to years 
 Warehouse equipment and other to years 
 Computer, software and equipment to years 

operating segments based on the operating results regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker CODM to make decisions about resource allocation and the performance of the business. These operating segments have been aggregated into a single reporting segment. 
 
 reporting units: i) Americas and Asia-Pacific; ii) United Kingdom and Ireland and iii) Continental Europe. The Company measures goodwill impairment, if any, as the amount by which the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 
 As a result of the change in our operating segments and reporting units, we elected to change our annual goodwill impairment test date from August 31 to November 1 to align with the Company s budgeting process. We performed 
 43 

44 

45 

46 

United States France Netherlands Spain Italy Other Total 
 
 Technology and consumer electronics Food and beverage Industrial and manufacturing Consumer packaged goods Other Total 

47 

Contract liabilities (2) 
 
 (1) Contract assets are included in Other current assets and Other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Contract liabilities are included in Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Revenue recognized included the following: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Amounts included in the beginning of year contract liability balance 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 The remaining performance obligations relate to firm customer contracts for which services have not been performed and future revenue recognition is expected. As permitted in determining the remaining performance obligation, the Company omits obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less or contain variable consideration. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fixed consideration component of the Company s remaining performance obligations was approximately billion, and the Company expects to recognize approximately of that amount over the next and the remainder thereafter. The Company estimates remaining performance obligations at a point in time and actual amounts may differ from these estimates due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and contract revisions or terminations. 

million, consisting of million in cash and the issuance of shares of GXO common stock having a value of million. The Clipper Acquisition was subject to review by the CMA. On October 4, 2022, the CMA approved the Clipper Acquisition. 
 
 The Company incurred acquisition and integration costs related to the Clipper Acquisition of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs are included within Transaction and integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 In connection with the Clipper Acquisition, (i) the Company and Clipper entered into a Cooperation Agreement; (ii) the Company entered into a Delayed Draw Term Loan; (iii) the Company entered into a Term Loan; and (iv) the Company terminated its Bridge Term Loan. For additional information regarding the financing agreements entered into in connection with the Clipper Acquisition, see Note 9. Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 
 The Company included Clipper s results of operations from the date of acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million and million of revenue and income before income taxes, respectively. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Clipper Acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based on management s estimate of the fair 
 48 

Accounts receivable Other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets Property and equipment Operating lease assets Intangible assets (1) 
 Other long-term assets Total long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Short-term borrowings and obligations under finance leases Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term liabilities Long-term debt and obligations under finance leases Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities Net assets purchased Cash paid Common stock issued (2) 
 Purchase price paid Goodwill recorded (3) 
 
 (1) The Company acquired million of intangible assets comprised of customer relationships and trade names, with weighted-average useful lives of years. 
 (2) Represents the fair value of the Company s common stock issued. 
 (3) Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Goodwill acquired was recorded in the United Kingdom and Ireland reporting unit and was primarily attributed to anticipated synergies. 
 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are considered preliminary and subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained and reviewed. The final allocation of the purchase price may differ from the preliminary allocation based on completion of the valuation. The Company expects to finalize the purchase price allocation within the measurement period, which will not exceed one year from the acquisition date. The primary areas of the purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to lease assets and liabilities, certain long term liabilities, income taxes and goodwill. 
 49 

Income before income taxes 
 
 European Acquisition 
 
 In January 2021, the Company acquired the majority of Kuehne + Nagel s contract logistics operations in the U.K. (the K + N Acquisition ). For the year ended December 31, 2021, the K + N Acquisition generated revenues of million, primarily recorded in the food and beverage vertical, and income before income taxes was not material. The operations provide a range of logistics services, including inbound and outbound distribution, reverse logistics management and inventory management. 
 
 The Company recorded the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed, including million of operating and finance lease assets and liabilities. The Company acquired intangibles of million with a weighted-average amortization period of years. Goodwill acquired in connection with the acquisition was million, recorded in the European reporting unit. Pro forma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented as they are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Acquisition (1) 
 Impact of foreign exchange translation ) Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 
 Acquisition (1) 
 Impact of foreign exchange translation ) Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Changes to goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translation after the acquisition date are presented as the impact of foreign exchange translation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were accumulated goodwill impairment losses. 
 
 50 

) ) Trade names ) Total ) ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were intangible assets impairment losses. 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Buildings and leasehold improvements Warehouse equipment and other 
 Computer, software and equipment (1) 
 Technology and automated systems 
 Total property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 (1) Includes internally developed software of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation of property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held long-lived tangible assets outside the U.S. of million and million, respectively. 
 
 51 

Current operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property and equipment, net Short-term borrowings and obligations under finance leases Long-term debt and obligations under finance leases Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost Finance leases: Amortization of leased assets Interest expense on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 52 

Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases, including and from an acquisition in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Finance leases, including and from an acquisition in 2022 and 2021, respectively 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had additional operating leases that have not yet commenced with future undiscounted lease payments of approximately million. These operating leases will begin in 2023, with initial lease terms ranging from to years. 

Unsecured notes due 2026 (2) 
 Unsecured notes due 2031 (3) 
 Term Loan due 2024 
 Term Loan due 2025 (4) 
 Term Loan due 2027 (4) 
 Finance leases and other debt Various Total debt and obligations under finance leases Less: Short-term borrowings and obligations under finance leases Total long-term debt and obligations under finance leases 
 (1) Interest rate as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Net of unamortized debt issuance costs and discount of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Net of unamortized debt issuance costs and discount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 53 

Term Loan 
 
 On May 25, 2022, the Company entered into a unsecured Term Loan (the Term Loan that provided a million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. On May 26, 2022, the Company borrowed million that will mature on May 26, 2027. The loan bears interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus an applicable margin based on the Company s credit ratings. 
 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured delayed draw Term Loan (the Delayed Draw Term Loan that provided a million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. The loan was available to the Company in U.S. dollars or British pounds sterling. On May 26, 2022, the Company borrowed, in U.S. dollars, a million term loan tranche (the Term Loan and a million term loan tranche (the Term Loan that will mature on May 26, 2024 and May 26, 2025, respectively. The Term Loan and Term Loan bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the adjusted SOFR, plus an applicable margin based on the Company s credit ratings. In December 2022, the Company repaid million against the Term Loan. 
 
 Bridge Term Loan 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured Bridge Term Loan (the Bridge Term Loan that provided a million unsecured term loan facility to fund the Clipper Acquisition. The commitments under the Bridge Term Loan were terminated with the effectiveness of the Term Loan and the Delayed Draw Term Loan. amounts were drawn under the Bridge Term Loan. 
 
 Unsecured Notes 
 
 In July 2021, prior to the Separation, the Company completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount of notes, consisting of million of notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and million of notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning January 15, 2022, and maturing on July 15, 2026. The 2031 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning January 15, 2022, and maturing on July 15, 2031. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 In June 2021, prior to the Separation, the Company entered into a unsecured multi-currency Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility provides commitments of up to million, of which million will be available for the issuance of letters of credit. Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate equal to (i) with respect to borrowings in dollars, at the Company s option, the alternate base rate or the reserve-adjusted LIBOR, (ii) with respect to borrowings in Canadian dollars, the reserve-adjusted Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, and (iii) with respect to borrowings in Euros, the reserve-adjusted Euro Interbank Offered Rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on the Company s credit ratings. In addition, the Company is paying a commitment fee of per annum on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Clipper Acquisition, the Company assumed a revolving credit facility agreement under which it may borrow up to approximately million million as of December 31, 2022) in aggregate at any time, expiring in November 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of borrowings outstanding under this agreement. 
 
 54 

Cash consideration Securitization program Receivables sold in period Cash consideration Deferred purchase price 
 
 Covenants and Compliance 
 
 The covenants in the Term Loan, the Delayed Draw Term Loan, the Unsecured Notes, and the Revolving Credit Facilities, which are customary for financings of this type, limit the Company s ability to incur indebtedness and grant liens, among other restrictions. In addition, the facilities require the Company to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio below a specified maximum. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company complied with the covenants contained in its debt and financing arrangements. 

55 

Unsecured notes due 2026 
 2 Unsecured notes due 2031 
 2 Term Loan due 2024 
 2 Term Loan due 2025 
 2 Term Loan due 2027 
 2 
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company directly manages its exposure to risks arising from business operations and economic factors, including fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currencies. The Company uses derivative instruments to manage the volatility related to these exposures. The objective of these derivative instruments is to reduce fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. These financial instruments are not used for trading or other speculative purposes. The Company does not expect to incur any losses as a result of counterparty default. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 The Company uses fixed-to-fixed or variable-to-variable cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its net investments in foreign operations against future volatility in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the associated foreign currencies. The Company designated these cross-currency swap agreements as qualifying hedging instruments and accounts for them as net investment hedges. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company extended certain fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements scheduled to mature between 2022 to 2027, with an aggregate notional amount of million. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company extended a fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreement scheduled to mature in 2026 to 2027, with an aggregate notional amount of million. Additionally, in the second quarter of 2022, the Company entered into multiple cross-currency swap agreements with maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2027, with an aggregate notional amount of million, of which million and million were amended during the second and third quarters of 2022, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company amended certain fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements scheduled to mature in 2027 to 2026, with aggregate notional amounts of million, these amendments were not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Concurrent with the million Term Loan repayment, million of a variable-to-variable cross-currency swap agreement notional amount was reduced. 
 
 In connection with the extensions, amendments and reduction, the Company received net cash of million representing the fair value of the swap plus interest accrued through the date of termination for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 56 

million. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including foreign currency exchange rate risk. The Company uses foreign currency option contracts to mitigate the risk of a reduction in the value of earnings from its operations that use the Euro or British pound sterling as their functional currency. Additionally, the Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate exposure from variability of cash flows related to the forecasted interest and principal payments on intercompany loans. The foreign currency forward contracts generally expire within months. While these derivatives are hedging the fluctuations in foreign currencies, they do not meet the requirements to be accounted for as hedging instruments. 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 Other long-term assets Interest rate swaps Other long-term assets Liabilities: Cross-currency swap agreements Other current liabilities Cross-currency swap agreements Other long-term liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedges Assets: Foreign currency option contracts Other current assets Foreign currency option contracts Other long-term assets Liabilities: Foreign currency option contracts Other current liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Other current liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the derivatives were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The derivatives are valued using inputs other than quoted prices such as foreign exchange rates and yield curves. 
 
 57 

) Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps 
 (1) Amounts reclassified to Net income are reported within Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) ) Total gain recognized in net income 

Salaries and wages Value-added tax and other taxes Other Total accrued expenses 

shares of common stock of GXO were distributed to XPO stockholders of record as of the record date. This share amount is utilized for the calculation of basic and 
 58 

Basic weighted-average common shares Diluted effect of stock-based awards Diluted weighted-average common shares Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Antidilutive shares excluded from diluted weighted-average common shares 

) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Unrealized gain on defined benefit plans, net of tax Amounts reclassified from AOCI to net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Transfers from XPO, net of tax ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Unrealized gain on hedges, net of tax Unrealized loss on defined benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to net income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Other As of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 
 59 

million shares of common stock as Awards. Under the 2021 Incentive Plan, directors, officers and employees may be granted various types of stock-based compensation awards. These awards include stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, performance-based units and cash incentive awards (collectively, Awards ). As of December 31, 2022, million shares of common stock were available for the grant of Awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 
 
 Prior to the Separation, the stock-based compensation expense recorded by the Company included the expense associated with the employees historically attributable to the Company s operations, as well as the expense associated with the allocation of equity-based compensation expense for corporate employees. The amounts presented are not necessarily indicative of future awards and do not necessarily reflect the costs that the Company would have incurred as an independent company for the periods presented. 
 
 Performance-based restricted stock units Stock options Total stock-based compensation expense Tax expense (benefit) on stock-based compensation ) 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 The Company s stock options vest over after the grant date, and have a contractual term with an exercise price equal to the stock price on the grant date. For awards issued prior to the Separation, the exercise price was converted in accordance with the EMA. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was used to estimate the fair value of the share-based awards granted in 2021. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model incorporates various subjective assumptions, including expected terms and expected volatility. Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for the estimated fair value were as follows: weighted-average risk-free rate of interest of , expected volatility of , weighted-average expected award life of years and weighted-average fair value of . 
 
 options were granted, exercised or forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 60 

years Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 years Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 years 
 
 There was intrinsic value for options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to options of million is anticipated to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company grants RSUs and PRSUs to its key employees, officers and directors with various vesting requirements. The holders of the RSUs and PRSUs do not have the rights of a stockholder and do not have voting rights until the shares are issued and delivered in settlement of the awards. RSUs generally vest based on the passage of time (service conditions), typically , and PRSUs generally vest based on achieving certain predefined performance objectives. For PRSUs the number of shares may be increased to the maximum or reduced to the minimum threshold based on the results of these performance metrics in accordance with the terms established at the time of the award. 
 
 In 2022, the Company granted PRSUs subject to market-based vesting conditions. The Company determines the fair value of PRSUs subject to market-based vesting conditions using a Monte Carlo simulation lattice model that incorporates the probability of the performance conditions being met as of the grant date. Assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation lattice model for the estimated fair value were as follows: weighted-average risk free rate of interest of and expected volatility of the Company s stock of . 
 
 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) ) Forfeited and canceled ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The number of RSUs and PRSUs vested includes common stock shares that the Company withheld on behalf of its employees to satisfy the minimum tax withholding. 
 
 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The total fair value of PRSUs that vested during 2022 was million and was for 2021. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs and PRSUs of million is anticipated to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 61 

Liabilities assumed from XPO Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Benefits paid ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Actuarial gains were primarily a result of an increase in the discount rate. 
 
 Assets transferred from XPO Actual return on plan assets ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Contributions by the employer Benefits paid ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status of the plan assets at end of year (1) 
 
 (1) Funded status is recorded within Other long-term assets. 
 
 62 

) Prior-service credit Net amount recognized in AOCI ) ) 
 (1) In connection with the Separation, million of accumulated other comprehensive loss was transferred from XPO. ) Expected return on plan assets for the period 
 Net benefit cost recognized (1) 
 
 (1) Net benefit cost is recorded within Other income, net. Other comprehensive income ) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic costs for the year ended December 31: 
 Discount rate 
 Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 
 (1) No rate of compensation increase was assumed as the plans are frozen to additional participant benefit accruals. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The Company s U.K. Retirement Plan s assets are separated from its assets and invested by a trustee, which include representatives of the Company, to meet the U.K. Retirement Plan s projected future pension liabilities. The trustee s investment objectives are to meet the performance target set in the deficit recovery plan of the U.K. Retirement Plan in a risk-controlled framework. The target strategic asset allocation for the U.K. Retirement Plan consists of approximately matching assets (U.K. gilts and cash) and approximately growth and income assets (consisting of a range of pooled funds investing in structured equities, investment-grade and high-yield bonds 
 63 

of the liability interest rate sensitivity and of the liability inflation sensitivity were hedged as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Government Securities Level 2 Corporate Bonds Level 2 Derivatives Level 2 ) ) Total assets in fair value hierarchy Commingled funds (1) 
 Derivatives (1) 
 Investments, at fair value 
 (1) Investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented for the total defined benefit pension plan assets. 

Funding 
 
 The Company s funding practice is to evaluate the tax and cash position, and the funded status of the plan, in determining the planned contributions. The Company estimates that it will contribute approximately million to the U.K. Retirement Plan in 2023 but this could change based on variations in interest rates, asset returns and other factors. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 The Company sponsors a defined contribution plan that is available to employees whose primary place of employment is in the U.S. The Company matches up to of employees pre-tax contributions, after completing of service. The Company s costs for the defined contribution plan were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were primarily included in Direct operating expenses. 
 
 The Company also has various defined contribution plans for its international employees. The Company s contributions to these benefit plans were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were primarily included in Direct operating expenses. 
 
 64 

Charges incurred (1) 
 Payments ) Foreign exchange and other ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Charges incurred Payments ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Charges incurred are net of adjustments to previously recognized liabilities. 
 
 The remaining restructuring liability at December 31, 2022 primarily relates to severance payments and is expected to be substantially paid within 12 months. 
 
 Other 
 
 In 2022, the Company deconsolidated a owned joint venture. The deconsolidation resulted in an million charge recorded in the first quarter of 2022. 

) ) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 65 

) U.S state and local ) Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) ) U.S state and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) for 2022, 2021, and 2020 varied from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes. The Company s U.S. federal statutory tax rate was 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 ) State taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit ) ) ) Foreign rate differential ) ) ) Foreign operations (1) 
 Contribution- and margin-based taxes Valuation allowances ) Changes in prior period unrecognized tax benefits, including interest Stock-based compensation ) Intangible assets (2) 
 ) Transaction costs Other ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 (1) Foreign operations include the net impact of changes to valuation allowances, the cost of inclusion of foreign income in the U.S. net of foreign taxes, and permanent items related to foreign operations. 
 (2) The Company recorded a positive one-time adjustment as a result of agreements by GXO s non-U.S. affiliates to license the rights to use trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property related to the GXO brand. 
 66 

Accrued expenses Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Pension and other retirement obligations ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 Investments in Foreign Subsidiaries 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained a partial assertion for all post 2017 undistributed historical earnings and record a deferred tax liability for historical earnings that are not considered to be permanently reinvested. The Company asserts indefinite reversal exception for not recording deferred taxes resulting from the Clipper Acquisition. 
 67 

Tax effect (before federal benefit) of state net operating losses 
 Various times starting in 2027 Federal tax credit carryforwards 
 Various times starting in 2032 State tax credit carryforwards 
 Various times starting in 2023 Foreign net operating losses available to offset future taxable income 
 Various times starting in 2023 
 (1) Some credits and losses have unlimited carryforward periods. 
 
 Valuation Allowances 
 
 The Company established valuation allowances for some of its deferred tax assets, as it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The Company concluded that the remaining deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized, though this is not assured, and as such no valuation allowances have been provided on these assets. 
 
 ) 2021 ) 2020 
 (1) In 2021, due to the Separation, million decrease in valuation allowances was recorded as the corresponding tax attributes reported by the Company on a combined basis were not transferred to the Company. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 Increases related to positions taken during prior years 
 Reduction due to expiration of statutes of limitations 
 ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Interest and penalties 
 Gross unrecognized tax benefits 
 Total unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate as of the end of the year 

The Company could reflect a reduction to unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million over the next 12 months due to statutes of limitations expirations or because tax positions are sustained on audit. 
 68 

69 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective as of such time such that the information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management excluded from its design and assessment of internal control over financial reporting Clipper Logistics plc which was acquired on May 24, 2022. Clipper Logistics plc constituted approximately 6 of our total assets, excluding associated goodwill and intangible assets, and approximately 6 of our consolidated revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year of acquisition while integrating the acquired company under guidelines established by the SEC. 
 
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an audit report, which is included elsewhere within this Annual Report, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 70 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 of Part III of Form 10-K (other than certain information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K with respect to our executive officers, which is provided under Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report) will be set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report containing the information, will be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Ethics (the Code of Ethics ), which is applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and other senior officers. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.ethics.gxo.com. In the event that we amend or waive any of the provisions of the Code of Ethics that relate to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, we intend to disclose the same on our website at the web address specified above. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of Part III of Form 10-K will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report containing the information will be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by Item 12 of Part III of Form 10-K, including information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report containing the information will be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of Part III of Form 10-K will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report containing the information, will be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of Part III of Form 10-K will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report containing the information will be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 
 
 71 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The list of Consolidated Financial Statements provided in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. Such Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All financial statement schedules are omitted because the required information is not applicable, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between XPO Logistics, Inc. and GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 2.2 Recommended cash and share acquisition of Clipper Logistics PLC by GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 
 2.3 Cooperation Agreement between GXO Logistics, Inc. and Clipper Logistics PLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GXO Logistics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of GXO Logistics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2021, among GXO Logistics, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2,2021, among GXO Logistics, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacobs Private Equity, LLC and GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of September 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 4.4 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022). 
 10.1 Tax Matters Agreement by and between XPO Logistics, Inc. and GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 10.2 Employee Matters Agreement by and between XPO Logistics, Inc. and GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 10.3 Intellectual Property License Agreement by and between XPO Logistics, Inc. and GXO Logistics, Inc., dated as of July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 10.4+ GXO Logistics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 10.5+ GXO Logistics, Inc. Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 
 72 

10.6+ Form of Option Award Agreement under the GXO Logistics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.7+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 10.8+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.9+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Service-Vesting) (2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.10+ Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 10.11+ GXO Logistics, Inc. Cash Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 
 10.12+ Offer Letter between XPO Logistics Europe and Malcolm Wilson, dated as of May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.13+ Service Agreement between XPO Supply Chain UK Limited and Malcolm Wilson, dated as of May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.14+ Offer Letter between XPO Logistics Europe and Maryclaire Hammond, dated as of May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.15+ Service Agreement between XPO Supply Chain UK Limited and Maryclaire Hammond, dated as of May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.16+ Pension Top Up Letter between XPO Logistics Europe and Maryclaire Hammond, dated as of May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 
 10.17+ Offer Letter between XPO Logistics Europe and Karlis Kirsis, dated as of July 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021) . 
 10.18+ Service Agreement between XPO Supply Chain UK Limited and Karlis Kirsis, dated as of July 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021). 
 10.19+ Pension Top Up Letter between XPO Logistics Europe and Karlis Kirsis, dated as of July 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021). 
 10.20+ Offer Letter between XPO Logistics, Inc. and Baris Oran, dated as of April 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021). 
 10.21+ Offer Letter between GXO Logistics, Inc. and Elizabeth Fogarty, dated as of October 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.22+ Form of Deed of Irrevocable Undertaking (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 
 
 73 

10.23 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and among GXO Logistics, Inc., the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021). 
 10.24 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022, by and among GXO Logistics, Inc., the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto, and Barclays Bank plc, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2022). 
 10.25 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2022, by and among the Company, the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto, and Barclays Bank plc, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file no. 001-40470) filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies of omitted exhibits to the SEC or its staff upon its request. + This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 74 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 GXO Logistics, Inc. Date: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Malcolm Wilson Malcolm Wilson (Chief Executive Officer) (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Baris Oran Baris Oran (Chief Financial Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. 
 
 75 

Signature Title Date /s/ Malcolm Wilson Chief Executive Officer and Director February 15, 2023 Malcolm Wilson (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Baris Oran Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 Baris Oran (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Paul Blanchett Chief Accounting Officer February 15, 2023 Paul Blanchett (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Brad Jacobs Director February 15, 2023 Brad Jacobs (Chairman) /s/ Marlene Colucci Director February 15, 2023 Marlene Colucci (Vice Chair) /s/ Oren Shaffer Director February 15, 2023 Oren Shaffer (Lead Independent Director) /s/ Gena Ashe Director February 15, 2023 Gena Ashe /s/ Clare Chatfield Director February 15, 2023 Clare Chatfield /s/ Joli L. Gross Director February 15, 2023 Joli L. Gross /s/ Jason Papastavrou Director February 15, 2023 Jason Papastavrou 
 76 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 gxo2022q410-ksubsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of GXO Logistics, Inc. 

Entity Location of Incorporation GXO Logistics, Inc. Delaware GXO Enterprise Services, LLC Delaware GXO Logistics Europe SAS France GXO Logistics UK Limited Scotland GXO Logistics Netherlands BV Netherlands GXO Logistics Netherlands III BV Netherlands GXO Logistics Spain SL Spain GXO Logistics France SAS France GXO Logistics Italy SPA Italy GXO Logistics UK II Limited 
 United Kingdom Northern Commercials (Mirfield) Limited United Kingdom GXO Logistics Finance, LLC Delaware GXO Logistics Worldwide Holding Company, LLC Delaware GXO Logistics Worldwide, LLC Delaware GXO Logistics Services UK Limited United Kingdom GXO Logistics Holding Company Delaware GXO Logistics Supply Chain, Inc. North Carolina GXO Holdings II, Inc. Delaware GXO Holdings III, Inc. Delaware GXO Warehouse Company, Inc. Iowa 
 
 The names of certain consolidated subsidiaries that do not constitute a significant subsidiary have been omitted. Entities directly owned by subsidiaries of GXO Logistics, Inc. are indented and listed below their immediate parent. Ownership is 100 unless otherwise indicated. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 gxo2022q410-kconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-259217) on Form S-3ASR, (333-264901) on Form S-4, and (333-258653) on Form S-8 of our report dated February 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of GXO Logistics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 gxo2022q410-kexx311ceo.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Malcolm Wilson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Malcolm Wilson Malcolm Wilson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date February 15, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 gxo2022q410-kexx312cfo.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Baris Oran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of GXO Logistics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Baris Oran Baris Oran Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date February 15, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 gxo2022q410-kexx321ceo.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of GXO Logistics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Malcolm Wilson Malcolm Wilson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 gxo2022q410-kexx322cfo.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of GXO Logistics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Baris Oran Baris Oran Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gxo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gxo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gxo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gxo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gxo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

