<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1915657_0001915657-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21852354</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>837042</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2832233</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8769201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4714957</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4228050</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001915657-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228120103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001915657-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HF Sinclair Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001915657
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PIPE LINES (NO NATURAL GAS) [4610]
		IRS NUMBER:				872092143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41325
		FILM NUMBER:		23681374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2828 N. HARWOOD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-954-6696

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2828 N. HARWOOD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hippo Parent Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001915657-23-000015.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 dino-20221231.htm
 10-K

dino-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number 00 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 ------------------------------------------------------------------- Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion, based upon the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. (This is not deemed an admission that any person whose shares were not included in the computation of the amount set forth in the preceding sentence necessarily is an affiliate of the registrant.) 
 shares of Common Stock, par value .01 per share, were outstanding on February 15, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Content 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 Page PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Definitions 
 5 
 1 and 2. Business and Properties 
 7 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II 
 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 6. [Reserved] 
 53 
 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 72 
 Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 73 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 131 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 131 
 9B. Other Information 
 131 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 131 
 PART III 
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 131 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 132 
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 132 
 PART IV 
 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Index to Exhibits 133 
 Signatures 
 141 

2 

Table of Content 

 PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 On March 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), HollyFrontier Corporation HollyFrontier and Holly Energy Partners, L.P. HEP announced the establishment of HF Sinclair Corporation, a Delaware corporation HF Sinclair ), as the new parent holding company of HollyFrontier and HEP and their subsidiaries, and the completion of their respective acquisitions (the Sinclair Transactions of Sinclair Oil Corporation (now known as Sinclair Oil LLC, Sinclair Oil and Sinclair Transportation Company LLC STC from The Sinclair Companies (now known as REH Company and referred to herein as REH Company ). 
 
 References herein to HF Sinclair, we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods prior to March 14, 2022 refer to HollyFrontier and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include Sinclair Holding LLC, STC or their respective consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Acquired Sinclair Businesses ). References herein to HF Sinclair, we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods from and after March 14, 2022 include the operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. Unless otherwise specified, the financial statements included herein include financial information for HF Sinclair, which for the time period from March 14, 2022 to December 31, 2022 includes the combined business operations of HollyFrontier and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, those under Business and Properties in Items 1 and 2, Risk Factors in Item 1A, Legal Proceedings in Item 3 and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements use words such as anticipate, project, expect, plan, goal, forecast, strategy, intend, should, would, could, believe, may, and similar expressions and statements regarding our plans and objectives for future operations. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions using currently available information and expectations as of the date hereof, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties. All statements concerning our expectations for future results of operations are based on forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that our expectations will prove to be correct. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in these statements. Any differences could be caused by a number of factors including, but not limited to: 
 
 our and HEP s ability to successfully integrate the Acquired Sinclair Businesses with our existing operations and fully realize the expected synergies of the Sinclair Transactions or on the expected timeline; 
 our ability to successfully integrate the operation of the Puget Sound refinery with our existing operations; 
 the demand for and supply of crude oil and refined products, including uncertainty regarding the effects of the continuing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on future demand and increasing societal expectations that companies address climate change; 
 risks and uncertainties with respect to the actions of actual or potential competitive suppliers and transporters of refined petroleum products or lubricant and specialty products in our markets; 
 the spread between market prices for refined products and market prices for crude oil; 
 the possibility of constraints on the transportation of refined products or lubricant and specialty products; 
 the possibility of inefficiencies, curtailments or shutdowns in refinery operations or pipelines, whether due to reductions in demand, accidents, unexpected leaks or spills, unscheduled shutdowns, infection in the workforce, weather events, civil unrest, expropriation of assets, and other economic, diplomatic, legislative, or political events or developments, terrorism, cyberattacks, or other catastrophes or disruptions affecting our operations, production facilities, machinery, pipelines and other logistics assets, equipment, or information systems, or any of the foregoing of our suppliers, customers, or third-party providers, and any potential asset impairments resulting from, or the failure to have adequate insurance coverage for or receive insurance recoveries from, such actions; 
 the effects of current and/or future governmental and environmental regulations and policies, including the effects of current and/or future restrictions on various commercial and economic activities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and increases in interest rates; 
 the availability and cost of our financing; 
 the effectiveness of our capital investments and marketing strategies; 
 3 

Table of Content 

 our and HEP s efficiency in carrying out and consummating construction projects, including our ability to complete announced capital projects on time and within capital guidance; 
 our and HEP s ability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for operations or capital projects; 
 our ability to acquire refined or lubricant product operations or pipeline and terminal operations on acceptable terms and to integrate any existing or future acquired operations; 
 the possibility of terrorist or cyberattacks and the consequences of any such attacks; 
 uncertainty regarding the effects and duration of global hostilities, including the Russia-Ukraine war, and any associated military campaigns which may disrupt crude oil supplies and markets for our refined products and create instability in the financial markets that could restrict our ability to raise capital; 
 general economic conditions, including uncertainty regarding the timing, pace and extent of an economic recovery in the United States; 
 a prolonged economic slowdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and labor costs, which could result in an impairment of goodwill and/or long-lived asset impairments; and 
 other financial, operational and legal risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our and HEP s Securities Exchange Commission filings. 
 
 Cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are set forth in this Form 10-K, including, without limitation, the forward-looking statements that are referred to above. You should not put any undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements set forth in this Form 10-K under Business and Properties in Items 1 and 2, Risk Factors in Item 1A and in conjunction with the discussion in this Form 10-K in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K and all subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made and, other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 4 

Table of Content 

 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Within this report, the following terms have these specific meanings: 
 
 Alkylation means the reaction of propylene or butylene (olefins) with isobutane to form an iso-paraffinic gasoline (inverse of cracking). 
 
 Aromatic oil is long chain oil that is highly aromatic in nature and is used to manufacture tires and industrial rubber products and in the production of specialty asphalt. 
 
 BPD means the number of barrels per calendar day of crude oil or petroleum products. 
 
 BPSD means the number of barrels per stream day (barrels of capacity in a 24 hour period) of crude oil or petroleum products. 
 
 Base oil is a lubricant grade oil initially produced from refining crude oil or through chemical synthesis that is used in producing lubricant products such as lubricating greases, motor oil and metal processing fluids. 
 
 Biodiesel means a clean alternative fuel produced from renewable biological resources. 
 
 Black wax crude oil is a low sulfur, low gravity crude oil produced in the Uintah Basin in Eastern Utah that has certain characteristics that require specific facilities to transport, store and refine into transportation fuels. 
 
 Catalytic reforming means a refinery process which uses a precious metal (such as platinum) based catalyst to convert low octane naphtha to high octane gasoline blendstock and hydrogen. The hydrogen produced from the reforming process is used to desulfurize other refinery oils and is a primary source of hydrogen for the refinery. 
 
 Cracking means the process of breaking down larger, heavier and more complex hydrocarbon molecules into simpler and lighter molecules. 
 
 Crude oil distillation means the process of distilling vapor from liquid crudes, usually by heating, and condensing the vapor slightly above atmospheric pressure turning it back to liquid in order to purify, fractionate or form the desired products. 
 
 Ethanol means a high octane gasoline blend stock that is used to make various grades of gasoline. 
 
 FCC , or fluid catalytic cracking, means a refinery process that breaks down large complex hydrocarbon molecules into smaller more useful ones using a circulating bed of catalyst at relatively high temperatures. 
 
 Gas oil is a group of petroleum distillation products having boiling points between kerosene and lubricating oil and is used as fuel in construction and agricultural machinery. 
 
 Hydrodesulfurization means to remove sulfur and nitrogen compounds from oil or gas in the presence of hydrogen and a catalyst at relatively high temperatures. 
 
 Hydrogen plant means a refinery unit that converts natural gas and steam to high purity hydrogen, which is then used in the hydrodesulfurization, hydrocracking and isomerization processes. 
 
 HF alkylation or hydrofluoric alkylation, means a refinery process which combines isobutane and C3/C4 olefins using HF acid as a catalyst to make high octane gasoline blend stock. 
 
 Isomerization means a refinery process for rearranging the structure of C5/C6 molecules without changing their size or chemical composition and is used to improve the octane of C5/C6 gasoline blendstocks. 
 
 LPG means liquid petroleum gases. 
 
 Lubricant or lube means a solvent neutral paraffinic product used in commercial heavy duty engine oils, passenger car oils and specialty products for industrial applications such as heat transfer, metalworking, rubber and other general process oil. 
 
 5 

Table of Content 

 MSAT2 means Control of Hazardous Air Pollutants from Mobile Sources, a rule issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reduce hazardous emissions from motor vehicles and motor vehicle fuels. 
 
 MEK means a lube process that separates waxy oil from non-waxy oils using methyl ethyl ketone as a solvent. 
 
 MMBTU means one million British thermal units. 
 
 Natural gasoline means a low octane gasoline blend stock that is purchased and used to blend with other high octane stocks produced to make various grades of gasoline. 
 
 Paraffinic oil is a high paraffinic, high gravity oil produced by extracting aromatic oils and waxes from gas oil and is used in producing high-grade lubricating oils. 
 
 Rack back represents the portion of our Lubricants and Specialty Products business operations that entails the processing of feedstocks into base oils. 
 
 Rack forward represents the portion of our Lubricants and Specialty Products business operations that entails the processing of base oils into finished lubricants and the packaging, distribution and sale to customers. 
 
 Refinery gross margin means the difference between average net sales price and average cost per barrel sold. This does not include the associated depreciation and amortization costs. 
 
 Reforming means the process of converting gasoline type molecules into aromatic, higher octane gasoline blend stocks while producing hydrogen in the process. 
 
 Renewable diesel means a diesel fuel derived from vegetable oils or animal fats that is produced through various processes, most commonly through hydrotreating, reacting the feedstock with hydrogen under temperatures and pressure in the presence of a catalyst. 
 
 RINs means renewable identification numbers and refers to serial numbers assigned to credits generated from renewable fuel production under the Environmental Protection Agency s Renewable Fuel Standard RFS regulations, which require blending renewable fuels into the nation's fuel supply. In lieu of blending, refiners may purchase these transferable credits in order to comply with the regulations. 
 
 Roofing flux is produced from the bottom cut of crude oil and is the base oil used to make roofing shingles for the housing industry. 
 
 ROSE, or Solvent deasphalter / residuum oil supercritical extraction, means a refinery unit that uses a light hydrocarbon like propane or butane to extract non-asphaltene heavy oils from asphalt or atmospheric reduced crude. These deasphalted oils are then further converted to gasoline and diesel in the FCC process. The remaining asphaltenes are either sold, blended to fuel oil or blended with other asphalt as a hardener. 
 
 Scanfiner is a refinery unit that removes sulfur from gasoline to produce low sulfur gasoline blendstock. 
 
 Sour crude oil means crude oil containing quantities of sulfur greater than 0.4 percent by weight, while sweet crude oil means crude oil containing quantities of sulfur equal to or less than 0.4 percent by weight. 
 
 Vacuum distillation means the process of distilling vapor from liquid crudes, usually by heating, and condensing the vapor below atmospheric pressure turning it back to a liquid in order to purify, fractionate or form the desired products. 
 
 White oil is an extremely pure, highly-refined petroleum product that has a wide variety of applications ranging from pharmaceutical to cosmetic products. 
 
 WTI means West Texas Intermediate and is a grade of crude oil used as a common benchmark in oil pricing. WTI is a sweet crude oil and has a relatively low density. 
 
 6 

Table of Content 

 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 
 References herein to HF Sinclair Corporation HF Sinclair include HF Sinclair and its consolidated subsidiaries. In this document, the words we, our, ours and us refer only to HF Sinclair and its consolidated subsidiaries or to HF Sinclair or an individual subsidiary and not to any other person, with certain exceptions. Generally, the words we, our, ours and us include Holly Energy Partners, L.P. HEP and its subsidiaries as consolidated subsidiaries of HF Sinclair, unless when used in disclosures of transactions or obligations between HEP and HollyFrontier or its other subsidiaries. This document contains certain disclosures of agreements that are specific to HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not necessarily represent obligations of HF Sinclair. When used in descriptions of agreements and transactions, HEP refers to HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods prior to March 14, 2022 refer to HollyFrontier Corporation HollyFrontier and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include Hippo Holding LLC (now known as Sinclair Holding LLC), the parent company of Sinclair Oil LLC, Sinclair Transportation Company LLC or their respective consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Acquired Sinclair Businesses ). References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods from and after March 14, 2022 include the operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. Unless otherwise specified, the financial statements included herein include financial information for HF Sinclair, which for the time period from March 14, 2022 to December 31, 2022 includes the combined business operations of HollyFrontier and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 
 
 We are an independent energy company that produces and markets high-value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel and other specialty products. We were incorporated in Delaware in 1947 and maintain our principal corporate offices at 2828 N. Harwood, Suite 1300, Dallas, Texas 75201-1507. Our telephone number is 214-871-3555, and our internet website address is www.hfsinclair.com . The information contained on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A print copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be provided without charge upon written request to the Vice President, Investor Relations at the above address. A direct link to our SEC filings is available on our website under the Investor Relations tab. Also available on our website are copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee Charter, Finance Committee Charter, Environmental, Health, Safety, and Public Policy Committee Charter and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, all of which will be provided without charge upon written request to the Vice President, Investor Relations at the above address. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of our officers, employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol DINO. 
 
 Sinclair Acquisition 
 On March 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), HollyFrontier and HEP announced the establishment of HF Sinclair as the new parent holding company of HollyFrontier and HEP and their subsidiaries, and the completion of their respective acquisitions of Sinclair Oil Corporation (now known as Sinclair Oil LLC, Sinclair Oil and Sinclair Transportation Company LLC STC from The Sinclair Companies (now known as REH Company and referred to herein as REH Company ). On the Closing Date, HF Sinclair completed its previously announced acquisition of Sinclair Oil by effecting (a) a holding company merger with HollyFrontier surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair (the HFC Merger and (b) immediately following the HFC Merger, a contribution whereby REH Company contributed all of the equity interests of Hippo Holding LLC (now known as Sinclair Holding LLC), the parent company of Sinclair Oil (the Target Company to HF Sinclair in exchange for shares of HF Sinclair, resulting in the Target Company becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair (the HFC Transactions ). At the effective time of the HFC Merger, all of HollyFrontier s outstanding shares were automatically converted into equivalent corresponding shares of HF Sinclair, and HF Sinclair became the successor issuer to HollyFrontier pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and replaced HollyFrontier as the public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol DINO. 
 
 7 

Table of Content 

 In connection with the closing of the HFC Transactions, HF Sinclair issued 60,230,036 shares of HF Sinclair common stock, par value 0.01 per share, to REH Company, representing 27 of the pro forma equity of HF Sinclair with a value of approximately 2,149 million based on HollyFrontier s fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding and closing stock price on March 11, 2022. Pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021 (as amended on March 14, 2022, the Business Combination Agreement ), REH Company made a 77.5 million cash payment to HF Sinclair, inclusive of final working capital adjustments, which reduced the aggregate transaction value to approximately 2,072 million. Of the 60,230,036 shares of HF Sinclair common stock, 2,570,000 shares are currently held in escrow to secure REH Company s renewable identification numbers RINs credit obligations under Section 6.22 of the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, on the Closing Date, and immediately prior to the consummation of the HFC Transactions, HEP completed its acquisition of STC, REH Company s integrated crude and refined products midstream business, and issued 21,000,000 common limited partner units and paid cash consideration of 329.0 million, inclusive of final working capital adjustments, to REH Company in exchange for all the outstanding equity interests of STC (the HEP Transaction and together with the HFC Transactions, the Sinclair Transactions ). Of these 21,000,000 common limited partner units, 5,290,000 units are currently held in escrow to secure REH Company s RINs credit obligations to HF Sinclair under Section 6.22 of the Business Combination Agreement. HF Sinclair, and not HEP, would be entitled to the HEP common units held in escrow in the event of REH Company s breach of its RINs credit obligations under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 HF Sinclair acquired REH Company s refining, branded marketing, renewables, and midstream businesses. The Sinclair branded marketing business supplies high-quality fuels to more than 1,300 Sinclair branded stations and licenses the use of the Sinclair brand at more than 300 additional locations throughout the United States. The renewables business includes the operation of a renewable diesel unit located in Sinclair, Wyoming. The refining business includes two Rocky Mountains-based refineries located in Casper, Wyoming and Sinclair, Wyoming. Under the terms of that certain Contribution Agreement (as amended on March 14, 2022, the Contribution Agreement ), HEP acquired STC, REH Company s integrated crude and refined products pipelines and terminal assets, including approximately 1,200 miles of integrated crude and refined product pipeline supporting the Sinclair refineries and third parties, eight product terminals and two crude terminals with approximately 4.5 million barrels of operated storage. In addition, HEP acquired STC s interests in three pipeline joint ventures for crude gathering and product offtake including: Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC (25.06 non-operated interest); Pioneer Investments Corp. (49.995 non-operated interest); and UNEV Pipeline, LLC UNEV (the 25 non-operated interest not already owned by HEP, resulting in UNEV becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP). The addition of Sinclair Oil and STC to the HollyFrontier business created a combined company with increased scale and ability to diversify and is expected to drive growth through the expanded refining and renewables business. In addition, the HFC Transactions added an integrated branded wholesale distribution network to our business. 
 
 Puget Sound Refinery Acquisition 
 On May 4, 2021, HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC (now known as HF Sinclair Puget Sound Refining LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of HollyFrontier, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Equilon Enterprises LLC d/b/a Shell Oil Products US Shell to acquire Shell s Puget Sound refinery and related assets (the Puget Sound Refinery ). The acquisition closed on November 1, 2021 for aggregate cash consideration of 624.3 million. The Puget Sound Refinery is strategically located on approximately 850 acres in Anacortes, Washington. The 149,000 BPD facility is a large, high quality and complex refinery with catalytic cracking and delayed coking units and is well positioned geographically and logistically to source advantaged Canadian and Alaskan North Slope crudes. In addition to refining assets and an on-site cogeneration facility, the transaction included a deep-water marine dock, a light product loading rack, a rail terminal and storage tanks with approximately 5.8 million barrels of crude, product and other hydrocarbon storage capacity, including the on-site cogeneration facility and related logistics assets. 
 
 Sale of Real Property 
 On April 27, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary, 7037619 Canada Inc., entered into a contract for sale of real property in Mississauga, Ontario for base consideration of 98.8 million, or CAD 125 million. The transaction closed on September 15, 2021. 
 
 Renewable Diesel Construction 
 In November 2019, we announced our plans to construct a new renewable diesel unit RDU at our Artesia facility. The Artesia RDU was completed and operational in the second quarter of 2022. The Artesia RDU has a production capacity of approximately 135 million gallons a year and allows us to process soybean oil and other renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel. This investment will provide us the opportunity to meet the demand for low-carbon fuels while covering the cost of our annual RINs purchase obligation under current market conditions. 
 
 8 

Table of Content 

 In the third quarter of 2020, we permanently ceased petroleum refining operations at our facility in Cheyenne, Wyoming (the Cheyenne Refinery and subsequently began converting certain assets at the Cheyenne Refinery to renewable diesel production. This decision was primarily based on a positive outlook in the market for renewable diesel and the expectation that future free cash flow generation at our Cheyenne Refinery would be challenged due to lower gross margins resulting from the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and compressed crude differentials due to dislocations in the crude oil market. Additional factors included uncompetitive operating and maintenance costs forecasted for our Cheyenne Refinery and the anticipated loss of the Environmental Protection Agency s EPA small refinery exemption. The Cheyenne RDU was mechanically complete in the fourth quarter of 2021 and operational in the first quarter of 2022. The Cheyenne RDU has a production capacity of approximately 90 million gallons a year. 
 
 Additionally, we constructed a pre-treatment unit PTU at our Artesia facility that provides feedstock flexibility for both our Artesia and Cheyenne RDUs. This PTU was completed and operational in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we: 
 owned and operated a refinery in El Dorado, Kansas (the El Dorado Refinery ), two refinery facilities located in Tulsa, Oklahoma (collectively, the Tulsa Refineries ), the Puget Sound Refinery in Anacortes, Washington, a refinery in Artesia, New Mexico that is operated in conjunction with crude oil distillation and vacuum distillation and other facilities situated 65 miles away in Lovington, New Mexico (collectively, the Navajo Refinery ), a refinery in West Bountiful, Utah (the Woods Cross Refinery ), a refinery in Sinclair, Wyoming (the Parco Refinery, and a refinery in Casper, Wyoming (the Casper Refinery 
 owned and operated RDUs in Artesia, New Mexico (the Artesia RDU ), in Cheyenne, Wyoming (the Cheyenne RDU and in Sinclair, Wyoming (the Sinclair RDU and a PTU in Artesia, New Mexico (the Artesia PTU 
 owned and operated a manufacturing facility in Mississauga, Ontario, which produces base oils and other specialized lubricant products for our Petro-Canada Lubricants business; 
 owned and operated manufacturing facilities in Petrolia, Pennsylvania and the Netherlands, which produce specialty lubricant products for our Sonneborn business, such as white oils, petrolatums and waxes; 
 owned and operated Red Giant Oil Company LLC Red Giant Oil ), which supplies locomotive engine oil and has storage and distribution facilities in Iowa and Wyoming, along with a blending and packaging facility in Texas; 
 owned and operated HF Sinclair Asphalt Company LLC Asphalt ), which operates various asphalt terminals in Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma; and 
 owned a 47 limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP. HEP owns and operates logistics and refinery assets consisting of petroleum product and crude oil pipelines, terminals, tankage, loading rack facilities and refinery processing units that principally support our refining and marketing operations in the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountains geographic regions of the United States. 
 
 HEP is a variable interest entity VIE as defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Information on HEP's assets and acquisitions completed in the past three years can be found under the Holly Energy Partners, L.P. section provided later in this discussion of Items 1 and 2, Business and Properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operations were organized into five reportable segments, Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants and Specialty Products and HEP. The Refining segment includes the operations of our El Dorado, Tulsa, Puget Sound, Navajo, Woods Cross, Parco and Casper Refineries and Asphalt. The Renewables segment includes the operations of the Artesia, Cheyenne and Sinclair RDUs and the Artesia PTU. The Marketing segment includes branded fuel sales. The Lubricants and Specialty Products segment includes the operations of our Petro-Canada Lubricants, Red Giant Oil and Sonneborn businesses in addition to specialty lubricant products produced at our Tulsa Refinery. The HEP segment involves all of the operations of HEP. See Note 20 Segment Information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our reportable segments. 

REFINERY OPERATIONS 
 
 Our refinery operations serve the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountains extending into the Pacific Northwest geographic regions of the United States. We own and operate seven complex refineries having a combined crude oil processing capacity of 678,000 BPSD. Each of our refineries has the complexity to convert discounted, heavy and sour crude oils into a high percentage of gasoline, diesel and other high-value refined products. 
 
 9 

Table of Content 

 Products and Customers 
 
 Light products are shipped to customers via product pipelines or are available for loading at our refinery truck facilities and terminals. Light products are also made available to customers at various other locations via exchange with other parties. 
 
 Our principal customers for gasoline include other refiners, branded sites, convenience store chains, independent marketers and retailers. Diesel fuel is sold to other refiners, branded sites, truck stop chains, wholesalers and railroads. Jet fuel is sold for commercial airline use. Base oils are intercompany sales to our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment. LPG's are sold to LPG wholesalers and LPG retailers. We produce and purchase asphalt products that are sold to governmental entities, paving contractors or manufacturers. Asphalt is also blended into fuel oil and is either sold locally or is shipped to the Gulf Coast. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had one customer, Shell, together with certain of its affiliates, that accounted for 10 or more of our total annual revenues at approximately 15 and 13 , respectively. See Note 5 Revenues in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our customers revenues. 

Mid-Continent Region 
 
 Facilities 
 The El Dorado Refinery is a high-complexity coking refinery with a 135,000 BPSD processing capacity and the ability to process significant volumes of heavy and sour crudes. The integrated refining processes at the Tulsa West and East refinery facilities provide us with a highly complex refining operation having a combined crude processing rate of approximately 125,000 BPSD. 
 
 The El Dorado Refinery is located on 1,100 acres south of El Dorado, Kansas and is a fully integrated refinery. The principal processing units at the El Dorado Refinery consist of crude and vacuum distillation; hydrodesulfurization of naphtha, kerosene, diesel, and gas oil streams; isomerization; catalytic reforming; aromatics recovery; catalytic cracking; alkylation; delayed coking; hydrogen production; and sulfur recovery. 
 
 The Tulsa West facility is located on a 750-acre site in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The principal processing units at the Tulsa West facility consist of crude and vacuum distillation (with light ends recovery), naphtha hydrodesulfurization, propane de-asphalting, lubes extraction, MEK dewaxing, delayed coker and butane splitter units. 
 
 The Tulsa East facility is located on a 466-acre site also in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The principal processing units at the Tulsa East facility consist of crude and vacuum distillation, naphtha hydrodesulfurization, FCC, isomerization, catalytic reforming, alkylation, scanfiner, diesel hydrodesulfurization and sulfur units. 
 
 Crude Oil and Feedstock Supplies 
 Both of our Mid-Continent Refineries are connected via pipeline to Cushing, Oklahoma, a significant crude oil pipeline trading and storage hub. The El Dorado Refinery and the Tulsa Refineries are located approximately 125 miles and 50 miles, respectively, from Cushing, Oklahoma. Local pipelines provide direct access to regional Oklahoma crude production as well as access to United States onshore and Canadian crudes. The proximity of the refineries to the Cushing pipeline and storage hub provides the flexibility to optimize their crude slate with a wide variety of crude oil supply options. Additionally, we have transportation service agreements to transport Canadian crude oil on the Spearhead and Keystone Pipelines, enabling us to transport Canadian crude oil to Cushing for subsequent shipment to either of our Mid-Continent Refineries. 
 
 We also purchase isobutane, natural gasoline, butane and other feedstocks for processing at our Mid-Continent Refineries. The El Dorado Refinery is connected to Conway, Kansas, a major gas liquids trading and storage hub, via the Oneok Pipeline. From time to time, other feedstocks such gas oil, naphtha and light cycle oil are purchased from other refiners for use at our refineries. 
 
 Markets and Competition 
 The primary markets for the El Dorado Refinery's refined products are Colorado and the Plains States, which include the Kansas City metropolitan area. The gasoline, diesel and jet fuel produced by the El Dorado Refinery are primarily shipped via pipeline to terminals for distribution by truck or rail. We ship product via the NuStar Pipeline Operating Partnership L.P. Pipeline to the northern Plains States, via the Magellan Pipeline Company, L.P. Magellan mountain pipeline to Denver, Colorado, and on the Magellan mid-continent pipeline to the Plains States. Additionally, HEP's on-site truck and rail racks facilitate access to local refined product markets. 
 
 10 

Table of Content 

 The El Dorado Refinery faces competition from other Plains States and Mid-Continent refiners, but the principal competitors for the El Dorado Refinery are Gulf Coast refiners. Our Gulf Coast competitors typically have lower production costs due to greater economies of scale; however, they incur higher refined product transportation costs, which allows the El Dorado Refinery to compete effectively in the Plains States and Rocky Mountains region with Gulf Coast refineries. 
 
 The Tulsa Refineries serve the Mid-Continent geographic region of the United States. Distillates and gasolines are primarily delivered from the Tulsa Refineries to market via pipelines owned and operated by Magellan. These pipelines connect the refinery to distribution channels throughout Colorado, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska and Arkansas. Additionally, HEP's on-site truck and rail racks facilitate access to local refined product markets. 
 
 The Tulsa Refineries principal customers for conventional gasoline include other refiners, branded sites, convenience store chains, independent marketers and retailers. Truck stop operators and railroads are the primary diesel customers. Jet fuel is sold primarily for commercial use. The refineries asphalt and roofing flux products are sold via truck or railcar directly from the refineries or to customers throughout the Mid-Continent geographic region primarily to paving contractors and manufacturers of roofing products. 

West Region 
 
 Facilities 
 The Navajo Refinery has a crude oil processing capacity of 100,000 BPSD and has the ability to process sour crude oils into high-value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel and jet fuel. The Woods Cross Refinery has a crude oil processing capacity of 45,000 BPSD and processes regional sweet and black wax crude into high-value light products. On November 1, 2021, we acquired the Puget Sound Refinery, which is a complex refinery with a 149,000 BPSD processing capacity and has the ability to process a variety of light, medium, heavy sweet and sour crudes. On March 14, 2022, we acquired the Parco Refinery, which has a crude oil processing capacity of 94,000 BPSD and has the ability to process heavy and sweet crudes, and the Casper Refinery, which has a crude oil processing capacity of 30,000 BPSD and processes regional sweet crude into high-value light products. 
 
 The Navajo Refinery's Artesia, New Mexico facility is located on a 561-acre site and is a fully integrated refinery with crude distillation, vacuum distillation, FCC, ROSE (solvent deasphalter), HF alkylation, catalytic reforming, hydrodesulfurization, mild hydrocracking, isomerization, sulfur recovery and product blending units. 
 
 The Artesia facility is operated in conjunction with a refining facility located in Lovington, New Mexico, approximately 65 miles east of Artesia. The principal equipment at the Lovington facility consists of a crude distillation unit and associated vacuum distillation units. The Lovington facility processes crude oil into intermediate products that are transported to Artesia by means of three intermediate pipelines owned by HEP. These products are then upgraded into finished products at the Artesia facility. The combined crude oil capacity of the Navajo Refinery facilities is 100,000 BPSD and it typically processes or blends an additional 10,000 BPSD of natural gasoline, butane, gas oil and naphtha. 
 
 The Woods Cross Refinery facility is located on a 200-acre site in West Bountiful, Utah and is a fully integrated refinery with crude distillation, solvent deasphalter, FCC, HF alkylation, catalytic reforming, hydrodesulfurization, isomerization, sulfur recovery and product blending units. The facility typically processes or blends an additional 2,000 BPSD of natural gasoline, butane and gas oil over its 45,000 BPSD capacity. 
 
 The Puget Sound Refinery facility is located on approximately 850 acres in Anacortes, Washington and is a fully integrated refinery. The principal processing units at the Puget Sound Refinery consist of crude and vacuum distillation, FCC, delayed coking, sulfuric alkylation, catalytic reforming, hydrodesulfurization, isomerization, sulfur recovery, cogeneration and product blending. In addition to refining assets and an on-site cogeneration facility, the Puget Sound Refinery also includes a deep-water marine dock, a light product loading rack, a rail terminal and storage tanks with approximately 5.8 million barrels of crude, product and other hydrocarbon storage capacity. 
 
 The Parco Refinery facility is located on approximately 420 acres in Sinclair, Wyoming and is a fully integrated refinery. The principal processing units at the Parco Refinery consist of gas oil hydrocracking, gas oil hydrotreating, delayed coking units and associated hydrogen generation. 
 
 11 

Table of Content 

 The Casper Refinery facility is located on approximately 250 acres in Casper, Wyoming and is a fully integrated refinery. The principal processing units at the Casper Refinery consist of crude distillation, FCC, catalytic reforming, hydrodesulfurization, sulfur recovery and product blending. In addition to refining assets, the Casper Refinery also includes a light product loading rack, a heavy oil rail terminal and crude and product storage tanks. 
 
 Crude Oil and Feedstock Supplies 
 The Navajo Refinery is situated near the Permian Basin, an area that has historically, and continues to have, abundant supplies of crude oil available both for regional users and for export to other areas. We purchase crude oil from independent producers in southeastern New Mexico and west Texas as well as from major oil companies. The crude oil is gathered through HEP's pipelines and through third-party tank trucks and crude oil pipeline systems for delivery to the Navajo Refinery. 
 
 We also purchase volumes of isobutane, natural gasoline and other feedstocks to supply the Navajo Refinery from sources in Texas and the Mid-Continent area that are delivered to this region on a common carrier pipeline owned by Enterprise Products, L.P. Ultimately all volumes of these products are shipped to the Artesia refining facilities on HEP's intermediate pipelines running from Lovington to Artesia. From time to time, we purchase gas oil, naphtha and light cycle oil from other refiners for use as feedstock. 
 
 The Woods Cross Refinery currently obtains crude oil from suppliers in Canada, Wyoming and Utah as delivered via common carrier pipelines, including the SLC Pipeline and Frontier Pipeline both owned by HEP. Supplies of black wax crude oil are shipped via truck. 
 
 The Puget Sound Refinery is well positioned geographically and logistically to source advantaged Canadian and Alaskan North Slope crudes. The Canadian crudes are sourced from Edmonton, Alberta and are supplied directly to the Puget Sound Refinery by the Trans Mountain pipeline system. The Alaskan North Slope crudes are supplied by oil tankers that load the crude from Valdez, Alaska and offload at the Puget Sound Refinery's marine dock. The dock also allows the refinery to receive other crude oil via marine transport. 
 
 The Parco Refinery and Casper Refinery purchase much of their crude oil from inland domestic sources, primarily in areas of Wyoming, North Dakota and Colorado, as well as crude oil delivered via pipeline from other regions, including Canada. A long-term agreement with the Express Pipeline allows delivery of up to 40,000 BPD of crude oil from Canada directly to these refineries and affords the optionality between Western Canada Select and Syncrude. 
 
 Markets and Competition 
 The Navajo Refinery primarily serves the southwestern United States market, including the metropolitan areas of El Paso, Texas; Albuquerque, Moriarty and Bloomfield, New Mexico; Phoenix and Tucson, Arizona; and portions of northern Mexico. Our products are shipped through HEP's pipelines from Artesia, New Mexico to El Paso, Texas and from El Paso to Albuquerque and to Mexico via products pipeline systems owned by Magellan and from El Paso to Tucson and Phoenix via a products pipeline system owned by SFPP, L.P. SFPP ). In addition, petroleum products from the Navajo Refinery are transported to markets in northwest New Mexico, to Moriarty, New Mexico, near Albuquerque, via HEP's pipelines running from Artesia to San Juan County, New Mexico, and to Bloomfield, New Mexico. We have refined product storage through our pipelines and terminals agreement with HEP at terminals in Artesia and Moriarty, New Mexico. 
 
 The Woods Cross Refinery's primary market is Utah, which is currently supplied by a number of local refiners and the Pioneer Pipeline. It also supplies a small percentage of the refined products consumed in the combined Idaho, Wyoming, eastern Washington and Nevada markets. Our Woods Cross Refinery ships refined products over a common carrier pipeline system owned by Andeavor Logistics Northwest Pipelines LLC to numerous terminals, including HEP's terminal at Spokane, Washington and third-party terminals at Pocatello and Boise, Idaho and Pasco, Washington as well as to Cedar City, Utah and Las Vegas, Nevada via the UNEV Pipeline. 
 
 The Puget Sound Refinery primarily serves the Pacific Northwest market, including Washington, Oregon and British Columbia. It supplies jet fuel for the Seattle-Tacoma, Washington, Portland, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia airports. Products are shipped to Seattle, Tacoma, and Portland terminals by the common carrier Olympic Pipeline. Additionally, products are loaded across the Puget Sound Refinery s marine dock to deliver to the same locations in the Pacific Northwest market and to expanded locations in California and Alaska. The Puget Sound Refinery can also load products for export sales across its marine dock. 
 
 12 

Table of Content 

 The Parco Refinery products are primarily distributed by major direct pipelines to Denver, Colorado and to Salt Lake City, Utah connecting to pipelines owned by HEP's joint ventures or third parties, serving an extensive network of terminals or by exchange. The refinery's customers are located in Colorado, Utah, Arizona, Idaho, Nebraska, Nevada, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington and Wyoming. 
 
 The Casper Refinery products are primarily distributed by major direct pipelines serving the Rocky Mountain region and western South Dakota through an extensive network of terminals or by exchange. The refinery's customers are located in Colorado, Utah, South Dakota and Wyoming. 

HF Sinclair Asphalt Company 
 
 We manufacture commodity and modified asphalt products at our manufacturing facilities located in Glendale, Arizona; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Artesia, New Mexico and Catoosa, Oklahoma. Our Albuquerque and Artesia facilities manufacture commodity and modified hot asphalt products as well as commodity and modified asphalt emulsions from base asphalt materials provided by our refineries and third-party suppliers. Our Glendale facility manufactures commodity, modified and specialty modified hot asphalt products from base asphalt materials provided by our refineries and third-party suppliers. Our Catoosa facility manufactures commodity, modified and specialty modified hot asphalt products and commodity asphalt products from base asphalts supplied by our refineries. We market these finished asphalt products in Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Texas, Arkansas and northern Mexico. Our products are shipped via third-party trucking companies to commercial customers that provide asphalt based materials for private, commercial and government agency projects. 

RENEWABLES OPERATIONS 
 
 Our renewables business includes the operations of the Cheyenne RDU and the Artesia RDU, our two recently constructed renewable diesel production facilities, and the Sinclair RDU, which we acquired from REH Company in the Sinclair Transactions. Our Cheyenne RDU was mechanically complete in the fourth quarter of 2021 and operational in the first quarter of 2022 and has a production capacity of approximately 90 million gallons a year. Our Artesia RDU, co-located with the Navajo Refinery, was completed and operational in the second quarter of 2022. The Artesia RDU facility also includes rail infrastructure and storage tanks and has a production capacity of approximately 135 million gallons a year. Our Artesia PTU, co-located with the Navajo Refinery, was completed and operational in the first quarter of 2022. The Artesia PTU provides feedstock flexibility for both our Cheyenne and Artesia RDUs. On March 14, 2022, we acquired the Sinclair RDU, co-located with the Parco Refinery. The Sinclair RDU has been operational since 2018 and produces approximately 153 million gallons a year. The Artesia RDU and Sinclair RDU are dependent upon and share certain infrastructure, including a hydrogen plant, with the refineries where they are co-located, respectively. 
 
 Our RDUs allow us to process soybean oil and other renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel. Renewable diesel is a cleaner burning fuel with 50 to 80 (results dependent on the feedstock) lower lifecycle greenhouse gas GHG emissions than conventional diesel. The renewable diesel produced by the RDUs is sold to customers in California and Canada where Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS credit value can be realized. 

MARKETING OPERATIONS 
 
 Our marketing operations include branded fuel sales to more than 1,500 branded sites in the United States and licensing fees for the use of the Sinclair brand at more than 300 additional locations throughout the United States. Our marketing operations also include revenues from branded gasoline, diesel and other marketing activities. Our branded sites are located in several states across the United States with the highest concentration of the sites located in our West and Mid-Continent regions. 
 
 13 

Table of Content 

 LUBRICANTS AND SPECIALTY PRODUCTS OPERATIONS 
 
 Our lubricants and specialty products operations consist of our Petro-Canada Lubricants, Red Giant Oil, Sonneborn and the Tulsa rack forward businesses. 
 
 Our Petro-Canada Lubricants business produces automotive, industrial and food grade lubricants and greases, base and process oils and specialty fluids. It is one of the largest manufacturers of high margin Group III base oils in North America. Products are marketed in over 80 countries worldwide to a diverse customer base through a global sales force and distributor network. 
 
 Our Red Giant Oil business provides high quality lubricants to the railroad industry, which represents a market of a small number of high-value customers who associate the Red Giant Oil name with a niche suite of products. 
 
 Sonneborn is a producer of specialty products such as white oils, petrolatums and waxes for the personal care, cosmetic, pharmaceutical and food processing industries. Combined with Petro-Canada Lubricants, it is one of the world's largest producers of pharmaceutical white oils. 
 
 Our Tulsa Refinery produces high quality base oils, process oils, waxes, horticultural oils and asphalt performance products. Products are marketed worldwide through strategically located terminals in the United States and selected distributors internationally. 
 
 Petro-Canada Lubricants Inc. PCLI owns and operates a production facility located in Mississauga, Ontario having lubricant production capacity of 15,600 BPD and has the flexibility to match unique lubricant product formulations. The primary operating units are high-pressure hydrotreating and hydrofinishing, solvent dewaxing and catalytic dewaxing. In addition, the facility operates a hydrogen plant, naphtha hydrotreater and catalytic reformer, along with other utility units to support production. The Mississauga plant also includes packaging facilities and has extensive distribution capabilities with marine, truck and rail access. 
 
 Red Giant Oil, headquartered in Council Bluffs, Iowa, owns and operates blending and distribution facilities in Council Bluffs, Iowa; Joshua, Texas and Newcastle, Wyoming. 
 
 Sonneborn has manufacturing facilities in Petrolia, Pennsylvania and the Netherlands. The Sonneborn Petrolia site has a production capacity of 6,000 BPD with flexibility to produce a full range of finished specialty products. The primary operating unit is a high-pressure hydrotreater with hydrofinishing. In addition, the facility operates a hydrogen plant along with other utility units to support production. The Petrolia plant also includes packaging facilities with distribution capabilities through rail and trucking. The Sonneborn Netherlands sites include processing facilities in Amsterdam and Koog with a production capacity of approximately 1,500 BPD. The primary operating units include base oil acid treating, percolation filtration, and bleaching steaming operations. The Netherlands sites include packaging facilities with distribution capabilities through truck and marine. 

HOLLY ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 HEP is a publicly held master limited partnership that trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol HEP. HEP owns and / or operates logistic and refinery assets consisting of petroleum product and crude oil pipelines, terminals, tankage, loading rack facilities and refinery processing units that principally support our refining and marketing operations, as well as other third-party refineries, in the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountains geographic regions of the United States. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, HEP owned a 50 ownership interest in each of Osage Pipe Line Company, LLC, the owner of a pipeline running from Cushing, Oklahoma to El Dorado, Kansas (the Osage Pipeline ), Cheyenne Pipeline, LLC, the owner of a pipeline running from Fort Laramie, Wyoming to Cheyenne, Wyoming (the Cheyenne Pipeline and Cushing Connect Pipeline Terminal LLC Cushing Connect ), the owner of a crude oil storage terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma and a pipeline that runs from Cushing, Oklahoma to our Tulsa Refineries; a 25.06 ownership interest in Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC, the owner of a pipeline from the Powder River Basin to Casper, Wyoming (the Saddle Butte Pipeline and a 49.995 ownership interest in Pioneer Investments Corp., the owner of a pipeline from Sinclair, Wyoming to the North Salt Lake City, Utah Terminal (the Pioneer Pipeline ). 
 
 HEP generates revenues by charging tariffs for transporting petroleum products and crude oil through its pipelines, by charging fees for terminalling refined products and other hydrocarbons, by storing and providing other services at its storage tanks and terminals and charging a tolling fee per barrel or thousand standard cubic feet of feedstock throughput in its refinery processing units. HEP does not take ownership of products that it transports, terminals, stores or refines; therefore, it is not directly exposed to changes in commodity prices. 
 14 

Table of Content 

Investment in Joint Venture 
 
 Cushing Connect Joint Venture 
 In October 2019, HEP Cushing LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP, and Plains Marketing, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. Plains ), formed a 50/50 joint venture, Cushing Connect, for (i) the development, construction, ownership and operation of a new 160,000 barrel per day common carrier crude oil pipeline (the Cushing Connect Pipeline that connects the Cushing, Oklahoma crude oil hub to our Tulsa Refineries and (ii) the ownership and operation of 1.5 million barrels of crude oil storage in Cushing, Oklahoma (the Cushing Connect Terminal ). The Cushing Connect Terminal was fully in service beginning in April 2020, and the Cushing Connect Pipeline was placed in service at the end of the third quarter of 2021. Long-term commercial agreements have been entered into to support the Cushing Connect assets. 
 
 Cushing Connect entered into a contract with an affiliate of HEP to manage the operation of the Cushing Connect Pipeline and with an affiliate of Plains to manage the operation of the Cushing Connect Terminal. The total investment in Cushing Connect was shared proportionately among the partners. However, HEP was solely responsible for any Cushing Connect Pipeline construction costs that exceeded the budget by more than 10 . HEP s share of the cost of the Cushing Connect Terminal contributed by Plains and Cushing Connect Pipeline construction costs was approximately 74.0 million. 
 
 Acquisition 
 
 Sinclair Transportation Company 
 On August 2, 2021, HEP, REH Company and STC, a wholly owned subsidiary of REH Company, entered into the Contribution Agreement, which closed on March 14, 2022. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, HEP acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of STC in exchange for 21,000,000 newly issued common limited partner units of HEP with a value of approximately 349.0 million based on HEP s fully diluted common limited partner units outstanding and HEP s closing unit price on March 11, 2022, and cash consideration equal to 329.0 million, inclusive of final working capital adjustments pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, for an aggregate transaction value of 678.0 million. 
 
 As part of HEP s acquisition of STC, HEP acquired STC s interests in three pipeline joint ventures for crude gathering and product offtake including: Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC (25.06 non-operated interest); Pioneer Investments Corp. (49.995 non-operated interest); and UNEV (the 25 non-operated interest not already owned by HEP, resulting in UNEV becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP). 
 
 HEP s existing senior management team continues to operate HEP. Pursuant to that certain unitholders agreement (the Unitholders Agreement by and among HEP, Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C., Navajo Pipeline Co., L.P. and REH Company and their permitted transferees (collectively, the REH Parties ), REH Company was granted the right to nominate, and has nominated, one director to the HEP Board of Directors at the Closing Date. REH Company s stockholders have also agreed to certain customary lock up restrictions and registration rights for the HEP common limited partner units to be issued to the stockholders of REH Company. HEP will continue to be named Holly Energy Partners, L.P. 
 
 Contemporaneous with the closing of the Sinclair Transactions, HEP and HollyFrontier amended certain intercompany agreements, including the master throughput agreement, to include within the scope of such agreements certain of the assets acquired by HEP pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. 
 
 Transportation Agreements 
 
 Agreements with HEP 
 HEP serves our refineries under long-term pipeline, terminal and tankage throughput agreements and refinery processing tolling agreements expiring from 2023 through 2037 . Und er these agreements, we pay HEP fees to transport, store and process throughput volumes of refined products, crude oil and feedstocks on HEP's pipelines, terminals, tankage, loading rack facilities and refinery processing units that result in minimum annual payments to HEP. Under these agreements, the agreed upon tariff rates are subject to annual tariff rate adjustments on July 1 at a rate based upon the percentage change in Producer Price Index or Federal Energy Regulatory Commission index. As of December 31, 2022, these agreements required minimum annualized payments to HEP of 452.6 million . 
 
 Our transactions with HEP and fees paid under our transportation agreements with HEP are eliminated and have no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 15 

Table of Content 

 As of December 31, 2022, HEP's assets included: 
 
 Pipelines 
 approximately 660 miles of refined product pipelines, including 340 miles of leased pipelines, that transport gasoline, diesel and jet fuel principally from our Navajo Refinery in New Mexico to our customers in the metropolitan and rural areas of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, Utah and northern Mexico; 
 one 205-mile pipeline that transports refined product from our Parco Refinery in Wyoming to our customers in Colorado; 
 one 114-mile bi-directional products pipeline that transports finished and intermediate products between our Parco and Casper Refineries in Wyoming; 
 one 220-mile refined products pipeline that transports products between Olathe, Kansas and Montrose, Iowa; 
 approximately 510 miles of refined product pipelines that transport refined products from Delek's Big Spring refinery in Texas to its customers in Texas and Oklahoma; 
 two 65-mile pipelines that transport intermediate feedstocks and crude oil from our Navajo Refinery crude oil distillation and vacuum facilities in Lovington, New Mexico to our petroleum refinery facilities in Artesia, New Mexico; 
 one 65-mile intermediate pipeline that is used for the shipment of crude oil from the gathering systems in Barnsdall and Beeson, New Mexico to our Navajo Refinery; 
 the SLC Pipeline, a 95-mile intrastate crude oil pipeline system that transports crude oil into the Salt Lake City, Utah area from the Utah terminus of the Frontier Pipeline, as well as crude oil flowing from Wyoming and Utah via the Marathon Wamsutter system; 
 the Frontier Pipeline, a 289-mile crude oil pipeline running from Casper, Wyoming to Frontier Station, Utah through a connection to the SLC Pipeline; 
 approximately 990 miles of crude oil trunk, gathering and connection pipelines located in west Texas, New Mexico and Oklahoma that primarily deliver crude oil to our Navajo Refinery; 
 approximately 535 miles of crude oil trunk, gathering and connection pipelines in Wyoming that primarily deliver crude oil to our Parco and Casper Refineries; 
 approximately 10 miles of refined product pipelines that support our Woods Cross Refinery located near Salt Lake City, Utah; 
 gasoline and diesel connecting pipelines that support our Tulsa East facility; 
 five intermediate product and gas pipelines between our Tulsa East and Tulsa West facilities; 
 crude receiving assets located at our Cheyenne facility; 
 the UNEV Pipeline, which is a 427-mile, 12-inch refined products pipeline running from Woods Cross, Utah to Las Vegas, Nevada and Cedar City, Utah; 
 a 50 interest in the Osage Pipeline, a 135-mile pipeline that transports crude oil from Cushing, Oklahoma to our El Dorado Refinery and also has a connection to the Jayhawk pipeline that services the CHS refinery in McPherson, Kansas; 
 a 50 interest in the Cheyenne Pipeline, an 87-mile crude oil pipeline running from Fort Laramie, Wyoming to Cheyenne, Wyoming; 
 a 50 interest in Cushing Connect Pipeline, a 50-mile crude oil pipeline running from Cushing, Oklahoma to our Tulsa Refineries; 
 a 49.995 interest in the Pioneer Pipeline, a 252-mile refined product pipeline running from Sinclair Station in Wyoming to the terminal in North Salt Lake City, Utah. Through connections, this pipeline is also able to deliver refined products to the UNEV refined products pipeline, and 
 a 25.06 interest in the Saddle Butte Pipeline, a crude oil pipeline that collects crude oil from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming and primarily delivers into HEP's crude oil pipeline system that supplies our Parco and Casper Refineries. 
 
 Refined Product Terminals and Refinery Tankage 
 two refined product terminals located in Orla, Texas and Moriarty, New Mexico, with an aggregate capacity of approximately 240,000 barrels, that are integrated with HEP's refined product pipeline system that serves our Navajo Refinery; 
 one refined product terminal located in Spokane, Washington, with a capacity of approximately 465,000 barrels, that serves third-party common carrier pipelines; 
 one refined product terminal near Mountain Home, Idaho, with a capacity of approximately 120,000 barrels, that serves a nearby United States Air Force Base; 
 two refined product terminals, located in Wichita Falls and Abilene, Texas, and one tank farm in Orla, Texas with aggregate capacity of approximately 560,000 barrels, that are integrated with HEP's refined product pipelines that serve Delek's Big Spring, Texas refinery; 
 16 

Table of Content 

 a refined product terminal in Catoosa, Oklahoma that stores specialty lubricant products and is utilized by our Tulsa Refineries; 
 a refined product loading rack facility at each of our El Dorado, Tulsa, Navajo and Woods Cross Refineries and our Cheyenne facility, heavy product / asphalt loading rack facilities at our Tulsa East facility, Navajo Refinery Lovington facility and Cheyenne facility, LPG loading rack facilities at our El Dorado Refinery, Tulsa West facility and Cheyenne facility, lube oil loading racks at our Tulsa West facility and crude oil Leased Automatic Custody Transfer units located at our Cheyenne facility; 
 refined product storage capacity at our Parco and Casper Refineries as well as at 7 refined product terminals in Colorado, Idaho and Wyoming serving our Parco and Casper Refineries; 
 three refined product terminals in Kansas City, Missouri, Carrollton, Missouri and Montrose, Iowa having an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 845,000 barrels; 
 on-site crude oil tankage at our Tulsa, Navajo and Woods Cross Refineries and Cheyenne facility having an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 1,440,000 barrels; 
 on-site refined and intermediate product tankage at our El Dorado and Tulsa and Refineries and Cheyenne facility having an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 7,770,000 barrels; 
 eleven crude oil tanks adjacent to our El Dorado Refinery with a capacity of approximately 1,040,000 barrels that primarily serve our El Dorado Refinery; 
 crude oil tankage at five crude oil terminals that primarily serve our Parco and Casper Refineries; 
 crude oil tankage with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 450,000 barrels that primarily serve our Navajo Refinery; 
 SLC Pipeline and Frontier Pipeline's tankage with an aggregate capacity of approximately 380,000 barrels; 
 the UNEV Pipeline's product terminals near Cedar City, Utah and Las Vegas, Nevada with an aggregate capacity of approximately 650,000 barrels; 
 a 50 interest in Cushing Connect Terminal with a capacity of approximately 1,500,000 barrels of crude oil storage in Cushing, Oklahoma; 
 a 25.06 interest in Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC, which has approximately 60,000 barrels of crude oil storage in Wyoming, and 
 a 49.995 ownership interest in Pioneer Investments Corp., which has approximately 60,000 barrels of refined product storage in Wyoming. 
 
 Refinery Processing Units 
 a naphtha fractionation tower at our El Dorado Refinery, with a capacity of 50,000 BPD of desulfurized naphtha; 
 a hydrogen generation unit at our El Dorado Refinery, with a capacity of 6.1 million standard cubic feet per day of natural gas. 
 a crude unit, which is primarily an atmospheric distillation tower, a desalter and heat exchangers, at our Woods Cross Refinery, with a feedstock capacity of 15,000 BPD of crude oil; 
 a FCC unit at our Woods Cross Refinery, which converts crude oil to high-value refined products such as gasoline, diesel and liquefied petroleum gases, with a capacity of 8,000 BPD; and 
 a polymerization unit at our Woods Cross Refinery, that uses the output of the fluid cracking unit and converts them into gasoline blendstock, with a capacity of 2,500 BPD. 

ADDITIONAL OPERATIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Corporate Offices 
 Our principal corporate offices are leased and located in Dallas, Texas. Functions performed in our Dallas office include overall corporate management, refinery and HEP management, planning and strategy, corporate finance, crude acquisition, logistics, contract administration, marketing, investor relations, governmental affairs, accounting, tax, treasury, information technology, legal and human resources support functions. 
 
 17 

Table of Content 

 Human Capital 
 Our People 
 Our people differentiate us from our peers. Our One HF Sinclair Culture focuses on five key values safety, integrity, teamwork, ownership and inclusion. These values influence our decisions, shape our behaviors and provide the opportunity for our employees to thrive. Safety is our first priority. We care about our people and have implemented policies and procedures designed to help them return home safely every day. We focus on integrity and doing the right thing. We champion a culture of teamwork and ownership by supporting each other and empowering employees to take action where they see a need or opportunity. Inclusion reflects our desire to foster a work environment in which employees feel valued and included in decisions, opportunities and challenges. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5,223 employees located in the following geographies: 4,336 employees in the United States, 654 employees in Canada and 233 employees in Europe and Asia. As of December 31, 2022, 1,384 employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. The current collective bargaining agreements have various expiration dates ranging between 2023 and 2026. We have experienced no material interruptions of operations due to disputes with our employees and management attempts to have and believes that we have positive working relationships with our local unions and their members. 
 
 Oversight 
 Our board of directors (the Board of Directors and Board committees provide oversight on our strategies and policies related to human capital management. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing HF Sinclair s strategies and policies regarding the promotion of employee diversity, equity and inclusion, talent and performance management, pay equity and employee engagement, as well as our executive succession planning. Our Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee oversees our policies and practices regarding human rights in our operations and supply chain. This process is designed to provide high level oversight of our strategies related to attracting, retaining and developing a workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. 
 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 Our leadership is committed to attracting, retaining and developing a highly engaged, high-performing, diverse workforce and cultivating an inclusive workplace where all employees feel valued and have a sense of belonging. Of our total employees as of December 31, 2022, approximately 17 identified as female and approximately 83 identified as male. Approximately 22 of our total employees identified as Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Asian, American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or as two or more races. We are also committed to hiring and retaining veterans and reservists of the U.S. armed forces, who represented approximately 5 of our U.S. workforce as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Increasing our diversity and inclusion efforts is an organizational priority and strategic oversight of our efforts is provided by our Compensation Committee. We have introduced diversity awareness programs focused on increasing the number of underrepresented persons in engineering roles in our refineries and corporate office. Our university recruiting team has partnered with historically Black colleges and universities to offer full-time and summer internship opportunities and various diversity and inclusion organizations at universities to sponsor and participate in events, such as the North Texas Women s Energy Network and the National Society of Black Engineers Convention. In addition, to help foster a culture of inclusion, we have two employee resource groups, one focused on developing talent at HF Sinclair by fostering relationships through education, networking and leadership development opportunities and the other focused on veterans. In 2021, we formed an Inclusion and Diversity Working Group comprised of employees across our organization to develop and further implement our inclusion and diversity initiatives, to gather and report best practices related to inclusion and diversity and to assist in developing ongoing inclusion and diversity goals and objectives. 
 
 Health Safety 
 The safety of our employees, contractors and communities is an overarching priority and fundamental to our operational success. We are grounded by our Goal Zero vision, which reflects our belief that safe production can be achieved each and every day. Our commitment to safety is embedded throughout our organization, from frontline employees and contractors to our executive leadership and Board of Directors. Our Operational Excellence Management System provides the framework through which we identify, monitor and reduce risks. Our Environmental, Health and Safety EHS Leadership Council, comprised of company executives, including our CEO, business unit leaders and corporate safety specialists, sets EHS strategy and reviews performance. The Environmental, Health, Safety and Public Policy Committee of our Board of Directors provides board-level oversight of our strategies and performance in these areas. 
 
 In an effort to achieve Goal Zero, our employee and contractor safety education and training programs are conducted on an ongoing basis. We set specific goals for workplace safety and measure attainment of those goals. Over the past five years ended December 31, 2022, our OSHA total recordable incident rate declined by 45 . 
 18 

Table of Content 

Total Rewards Development 
 We believe that the health of our company is linked to the performance and health of our people. We want to inspire and empower our employees to feel confident in their long-term well-being and are committed to offering a comprehensive and competitive total rewards programs for our employees, as benchmarked against our peers. While our benefit offerings vary depending on each country s market practices, they are designed to support employee health, financial and emotional needs. Our benefits include comprehensive coverage for health care, a competitive retirement savings benefit, vacation and holiday time and other income protection and work life benefits. We also provide tools to help recognize and reward employee performance consistent with our One HF Sinclair Culture. 
 
 Consistent with our culture of ownership and growth, we offer training, development and engagement programs across every level of our organization to provide employees the opportunity to develop their career by enhancing skills and capabilities consistent with the needs of the business. Our suite of programs include: Accelerate, a curated collection of on-demand e-learning for all employees; Refine, interactive, instructor-led workshops focusing on professional development at any career level; Front Line Leadership Development, a series of leadership training for new and existing supervisors; Catalyst, a guided cohort of new leaders learning about leadership styles and executive presence; and Leading the HF Sinclair Way, a deep-dive for our senior leaders on leading through our cultural values and business objectives. We invested 6.0 million in our employee training and development programs in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Governmental Regulation 
 Our operations are subject to international, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations regarding, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and distribution of petroleum and hazardous materials by pipeline, truck, rail, ship and barge, the emission and discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, and other matters otherwise relating to the protection of human health and the environment. Permits or other authorizations are required under these laws and regulations for the operation of our refineries, pipelines and related facilities and these permits and authorizations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal, or may require operational changes, which may involve significant costs. Our operations are also subject to various international and domestic laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety, and failure to appropriately manage occupational health and safety risks associated with our business could adversely impact our employees, communities, stakeholders, reputation and results of operations. 
 
 A violation of permit conditions or a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties; the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations or the incurrence of capital expenditures; the occurrence of delays in the permitting, development or expansion of projects; the issuance of injunctive relief limiting or prohibiting certain operations; and reputational harm. There is also the potential for liability for spill response and remediation, natural resource damage claims, and personal and property damage claims if there were to be an oil spill at a facility located near federal or state waters or a release of hazardous or other substances into the environment. 
 
 Compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits or other authorizations and health and safety laws and regulations will continue to have an impact on our operations, the results of our operations and our capital expenditures. 
 
 Federal Transportation Rate Regulation - Some of HEP s existing pipelines provide interstate transportation services subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC pursuant to the Interstate Commerce Act (the ICA ). The ICA requires that the rates charged by these pipelines (referred to as interstate liquids pipelines must be just and reasonable. The ICA also prohibits interstate liquids pipelines from providing services in a manner that unduly discriminates against or confers undue preference upon any shipper. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge newly proposed or changed rates or rules and authorizes the FERC to suspend the effectiveness of such proposed rates or rules for a period of up to seven months, during which the FERC may investigate whether the proposed rate or rules are just and reasonable. Upon completion of an investigation, the FERC may require the interstate liquids pipeline to refund the revenues collected during the pendency of the investigation that are in excess of the amount the FERC determines to be just and reasonable, together with interest. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order an interstate liquids pipeline to change its rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations (including interest) for damages sustained during the two years prior to the filing of a complaint. 
 
 19 

Table of Content 

 As a general matter, interstate liquids pipelines may change their rates within prescribed ceiling levels that are tied to an inflation index that the FERC reviews every five years. Cost-of-service ratemaking, market-based rates, and settlement rates are alternatives to the indexing approach and may be used in certain specified circumstances to change rates. When an interstate liquids pipeline adjusts its rates using the index methodology, shippers may challenge rate increases made within the ceiling levels. The FERC s regulations provide that a protest against an index rate increase must allege reasonable grounds that the index rate increase is so substantially in excess of the actual cost increases incurred by the carrier that the rate is unjust and unreasonable. 
 
 We believe the transportation rates currently charged by HEP s interstate liquids pipelines are in accordance with the ICA and applicable FERC regulations. However, due to the complexity of rate making, the lawfulness of any rate is never assured. Adverse decisions by the FERC related to HEP s rates could adversely affect our revenue, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, if any of HEP s pipelines were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the ICA, this could result in the imposition of administrative and criminal remedies and civil penalties, as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such services in excess of the rate established by the FERC. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect revenues and cash flow related to the affected assets. 
 
 State Transportation Rate Regulation - While the FERC regulates the rates for interstate shipments on HEP s liquids interstate pipelines, the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission regulates the rates for intrastate shipments on HEP s pipelines in New Mexico, the Texas Railroad Commission regulates the rates for intrastate shipments on HEP s pipelines in Texas and the Oklahoma Corporation Commission regulates the rates for intrastate shipments on HEP s pipelines in Oklahoma. Generally, these state agencies have not investigated the rates or practices of intrastate pipelines subject to their jurisdiction in the absence of shipper complaints. However, a state regulatory commission could investigate our rates if such a challenge were filed and any adverse decisions could adversely affect our revenue, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Commodity Regulation - The Federal Trade Commission, the FERC, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission hold statutory authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities markets. These agencies have imposed broad regulations prohibiting fraud and manipulation of such markets. With regard to our physical sales of oil or other energy commodities, and any related hedging activities that we undertake, we are required to observe the market-related regulations enforced by these agencies, which hold substantial enforcement authority. Failure to comply with such regulations, as interpreted and enforced, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Air Regulations - Our operations are subject to certain requirements of the federal Clean Air Act CAA as well as related state and local laws and regulations, and similar laws in Canada and the Netherlands. Certain CAA regulatory programs applicable to our facilities require capital expenditures for the installation of certain air pollution control devices, operational procedures and expenditures to minimize emissions and to prevent accidental releases of air pollutants, and monitoring and reporting of emissions. Additionally, the Environmental Protection Agency EPA has the authority under the CAA to modify the formulation of the refined transportation fuel products we manufacture in order to limit the emissions associated with their final use. For example, implementation of the revised National Ambient Air Quality Standards NAAQS for ozone could result in stricter permitting requirements, a delay in or the inability to obtain such permits, and increased expenditures for pollution control equipment, the costs of which could be significant. Moreover, an EPA rule became effective in January 2018 that requires, among other things, benzene monitoring at the refinery fence line and submittal of fence line monitoring data to the EPA on a quarterly basis; upgraded storage tank controls requirements, including new applicability thresholds; enhanced performance requirements for flares, continuous monitoring of flares and pressure release devices, and analysis and remedy of flare release events; compliance with emissions standards for delayed coking units; and requirements related to air emissions resulting from startup, shutdown and maintenance events. These rules, as well as subsequent rulemaking under the CAA or similar laws, or new agency interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may necessitate additional expenditures in future years and result in increased costs on our operations. 
 
 20 

Table of Content 

 Fuel Quality Regulations - We are subject to the EPA s regulations governing fuels and fuel additives used in motor vehicles and non-road equipment. In February 2007, the EPA finalized the Control of Hazardous Air Pollutants from Mobile Sources (also known as the Mobile Source Air Toxics rule, or MSAT2 regulations that impose reductions in the benzene content of our produced gasoline. In addition to reducing benzene concentration in our gasoline, our refineries currently purchase benzene credits to meet these requirements. If economically justified or otherwise determined to be beneficial, we may implement additional benzene reduction projects to eliminate or reduce the need to purchase benzene credits. Additionally, in April 2014, the EPA finalized the Tier 3 Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards, which require a reduction in annual average gasoline sulfur content from 30 ppm to 10 ppm. These requirements, other CAA requirements, and other presently existing or future environmental regulations may cause us to make substantial capital expenditures and purchase sulfur credits at significant cost to enable our refineries to produce fuels that meet the applicable requirements. Lastly, in December 2020, the EPA streamlined and consolidated its existing fuel quality regulations that apply across all gasoline and diesel fuel programs, also known as the EPA s Fuels Regulatory Streamlining Rule at 40 CFR Part 1090. The streamlining rule is intended to improve overall compliance assurance and reduce compliance costs for the industry and the EPA, while maintaining environmental performance. 
 
 Renewable Fuel Standard Pursuant to the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 EISA ), and the EPA s corresponding RFS regulations, most refiners are required to blend increasing amounts of biofuels with refined products or purchase Renewable Identification Numbers RINs in lieu of blending. Under the RFS, the percentage of renewable fuels that refineries are obligated to blend into their finished petroleum products is adjusted annually. In July 2022, the EPA finalized the RFS targets for 2020 through 2022, which set increasing annual renewable volume obligations RVOs for conventional (i.e., corn ethanol) renewable fuel, biomass-based diesel, advanced biofuels and cellulosic biofuel. Separately, in December 2022, the EPA proposed annual RVOs and percentage standards for 2023 through 2025 for cellulosic biofuel, biomass-based diesel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel, and requested comment on establishing standards for 2026. The proposal increases renewable fuel obligations in each of the concurrent years. The EPA will not finalize the proposed rule until June 2023, creating some uncertainty regarding our compliance obligations for future years. Because the EISA requires specified volumes of biofuels, if the demand for motor fuels decreases in future years, even higher percentages of biofuels may be required. 
 
 The EPA s implementation of the RFS has historically been subject to numerous court challenges. Lawsuits have been filed by the renewable fuel industry and refining industry challenging the EPA's decisions on small refinery exemptions. For additional information regarding risks relating to our small refinery exemptions, see Item 1A, Risk Factors - Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Legal challenges to the EPA's decision are ongoing. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters or whether they may result in increased RFS compliance costs. There also continues to be a shortage of advanced biofuel production resulting in increased difficulties meeting RFS mandates. As a result, we may be unable to blend sufficient quantities of renewable fuel to meet our requirements and, therefore, may have to purchase an increasing number of RINs. It is not possible at this time to predict with certainty what those volumes or costs may be, but given the potential increase in volumes and the volatile price of RINs, increases in RVOs could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Finally, while there is no current regulatory standard that authenticates RINs that may be purchased on the open market from third parties, we believe that the RINs we purchase are from reputable sources, are valid and serve to demonstrate compliance with applicable RFS requirements. However, if any of the RINs purchased by us on the open market are subsequently found by the EPA to be invalid, we could incur significant costs, penalties, or other liabilities in connection with replacing any invalid RINs and resolving any enforcement action brought by the EPA. 
 
 California Low Carbon Fuel Standard - Under California s Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, the California Air Resources Board CARB was required to undertake a statewide effort to reduce GHG emissions. One of the programs designed to help achieve those reductions is the LCFS program. California's LCFS program is designed to reduce GHG emissions by decreasing the carbon intensity CI of transportation fuels consumed in the state. Under this program, each fuel is assigned a CI value, which is intended to represent the GHG emissions associated with the feedstocks from which the fuel was produced, the fuel production and distribution activities, and the use of the finished fuel. Each producer or importer of fuel must demonstrate that the overall mix of fuels it supplies for use in California meets the CI benchmarks for each compliance period. A producer or importer with a fuel mix that is above the CI benchmark must purchase LCFS credits sufficient to meet the CI benchmark. Fuels produced by our Renewables segment have CI scores that are lower than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the demand from other regulated entities for these low-carbon transportation fuels. 
 
 21 

Table of Content 

 Oregon Clean Fuels Program The Clean Fuels Program CFP became effective in 2016, with the intended goal of reducing the CI of Oregon s transportation fuels by establishing annual standards that decrease over time. The baseline year for the program is 2015, and the standard for that year represents 10 ethanol blended with gasoline and 5 biodiesel blended with diesel. The CFP requires a 10 reduction in average CI from 2015 levels by 2025, followed by a 20 reduction by 2030, and a 37 reduction by 2035. Businesses that create fuels with a lower CI than the annual limit generate credits, while higher CI fuels create deficits. Credits and deficits are measured in metric tons of GHG emissions. We import transportation fuels produced at our Puget Sound Refinery into Oregon, and are thereby subject to the CFP, including among other things, the requirement to purchase and retire CFP credits to offset the deficit created through our sale of gasoline and diesel fuel into Oregon. 
 
 Washington Clean Fuel Standard The Clean Fuel Standard CFS became effective on January 1, 2023, and similar to the low carbon fuel programs in California and Oregon, it is designed to decrease the CI of Washington's transportation fuels. The CFS requires a 20 reduction in average CI from 2017 levels by 2034. The CFS functions similar to its sister programs in California and Oregon. We sell gasoline and diesel fuel produced at our Puget Sound Refinery into the Washington transportation fuel market, generating deficits under the CFS. 
 
 Other Low Carbon Fuel Standards Many international, federal, state, provincial and local governments have issued, or are considering issuing, low carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards to reduce GHG emissions and increase the percentage of low-carbon fuels in the transportation fuel mix. While these regulations result in additional costs to our refining business, they have created opportunities to develop our renewables business, and should continue to help drive demand for our renewable diesel products. We believe that our ability to supply low-carbon fuels can play an important role in helping achieve GHG emissions reduction targets. 
 
 Blender s Tax Credit Incentives - The U.S. federal government has enacted tax incentives to encourage the production of low-carbon fuels and/or reduce GHG emissions. For example, Section 6426 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), provides a tax credit (generally referred to as the blender s tax credit) to blenders of certain renewable fuels to encourage the production and blending of those fuels with traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels. Only blenders that have produced a mixture and either sold or used the fuel mixture as fuel are eligible for the blender s tax credit. The renewable diesel produced by our Renewables segment is a liquid fuel derived from biomass that meets the EPA s fuel registration requirements; therefore, renewable diesel that we produce and blend qualifies for this refundable tax credit of one dollar per gallon. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 extended this credit through December 31, 2024, but there is no certainty that this legislation authorizing the credit or the amount of the credit will not be revised. 
 
 Oregon and Washington Carbon Cap Trade Programs In March 2020, the Governor of Oregon signed Executive Order 20-04, (the Executive Order ), directing state agencies to take actions to reduce and regulate GHG emissions and consider climate change in agency planning. The Executive Order directed the Oregon Environmental Quality Commission OEQC and the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality ODEQ to take a variety of actions, including the development of a new program to limit GHG emissions from large stationary sources, transportation fuels, and other liquid and gaseous fuels. In August 2021, ODEQ published a notice of proposed rulemaking with the draft emissions cap and reduction rules for the Climate Protection Program CPP ). The OEQC considered and adopted final CPP rules in December 2021, which became effective January 1, 2022. Using a 1990 baseline, the CPP includes GHG reduction goals of 50 by 2035 and 90 by 2050. The authority of OEQC to adopt the CPP rules is being challenged in litigation, including in a lawsuit filed in March 2022 by the Western States Petroleum Association WSPA with the Court of Appeals of Oregon. Our subsidiary, HF Sinclair Refining Marketing LLC, became subject to the CPP rules in the second quarter 2022 due to its sale of transportation fuel over the rack in Oregon. As a covered fuel supplier, HF Sinclair Refining Marketing LLC submitted a CPP permit application to the ODEQ in February 2023 and is required to acquire, and then surrender, compliance instruments (corresponding to each metric ton of CO 2 equivalents imported into Oregon) starting in calendar year 2025, at the end of the first three-year compliance period, which runs from 2022 to 2024, and for each three-year compliance period thereafter to demonstrate compliance with the CPP rules. Similarly, the State of Washington has enacted the Climate Commitment Act CCA ), which establishes a comprehensive program that provides an overall limit for GHG emissions from major sources in the state that begins on January 1, 2023 and declines yearly to 95 below 1990 levels by 2050. It is too early to predict the financial and operational impact of the CPP and CCA on our business. 
 
 22 

Table of Content 

 Climate Change - In recent years, various legislative and regulatory measures to address climate change and GHG emissions (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) have been discussed or implemented. They include proposed and enacted federal regulation and state actions to develop statewide, regional or nationwide programs designed to control and reduce GHG emissions from stationary sources, such as our refineries, as well as power plants, mobile transportation sources and fuels. Measures to date have included but are not limited to cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, vehicle efficiency standards, electric vehicle mandates, combustion engine phaseouts, low carbon fuel standards and renewable fuel requirements. Although it is not possible to predict the requirements of any GHG legislation that may be enacted, any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce GHG emissions will likely require us to incur increased operating and capital costs. 
 
 The EPA has previously issued two rules (the Clean Power Plan and the Affordable Clean Energy Rule to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants, both of which have been invalidated by courts. The EPA is currently working on a replacement rule, and we do not expect such a rule will directly affect our operations. However, to the extent the EPA fully implements rules that imposes higher costs on electricity generating units it could result in increased power costs for our refineries in future years. 
 
 EPA rules require us to report GHG emissions from our refinery operations and consumer use of fuel products produced at our refineries on an annual basis. While the cost of compliance with the reporting rule is not material, data gathered under these rules may be used in the future to support additional regulation of GHG. Moreover, the EPA directly regulates GHG emissions from refineries and other major sources through the Prevention of Significant Deterioration PSD and Federal Operating Permit programs and may require Best Available Control Technology BACT for GHG emissions above a certain threshold if emissions of other pollutants would otherwise require PSD permitting. While this does not impose any limits or controls on GHG emissions from current operations, future projects or operational changes that increase GHG emissions, such as capacity increases, may be subject to emission limits or technological requirements pertaining to GHG emissions, such as BACT. 
 
 In March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that, if adopted, would require public companies to include certain climate-related disclosures in their registration statements and periodic reports, including information about climate-related risks, climate-related financial statement metrics, and GHG emissions. In November 2022, the Biden Administration issued a proposed rule that would require government contractors to publicly disclose their GHG emissions and set science based emissions reduction targets, which generally do not allow for the use of carbon offsets, that align with the goals of the Paris Agreement, which could affect us as a government contractor and/or through our contractual and business arrangements with government contractors. 
 
 Stakeholder concerns about climate change could also adversely affect demand for the refined petroleum products that we produce. Recently, certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital have made pledges to reduce GHGs in their lending portfolios, leading some to restrict or eliminate their investment in oil and natural gas activities. There is also a risk that future government regulations could require financial institutions to adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to or investments in the fossil fuel sector altogether or unless certain climate-related standards are met. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult or costly to secure funding for exploration and production activities and result in decreased production of oil, which indirectly could have an adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 Climatic events in the areas in which we operate, whether from climate change or otherwise, can cause disruptions and in some cases delays in our production activities or ability to deliver our products to our customers. These events, including but not limited to, drought, winter storms, wildfire, extreme temperatures, tornados, extreme precipitation or flooding, may become more intense or more frequent as a result of climate change and could have an adverse effect on our continued operations as well as the operations of our suppliers and customers. Additionally, changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature, may result in changes to demand for our products. Our customers or suppliers may also be subject to similar risks, any of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or operations. 
 
 23 

Table of Content 

 The Biden Administration has adopted an all of government approach to climate change in which the federal government would use not only its regulatory and enforcement authority but also its policy and purchasing power to encourage investment and use of renewable energy sources and to otherwise impede and reduce fossil fuel use and reduce GHG emissions. This approach may include elements that could directly or indirectly result in decreased demand for transportation fuel and could have an adverse impact on our operations. For example, in 2021, President Biden issued several executive orders that committed to substantial action on climate change and called for, among other things, the increased use of zero-emission vehicles by the federal government, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry, and increased emphasis on climate-related risks across governmental agencies and economic sectors. In 2021, EPA announced its intent to reconsider and revise rules related to the oil and gas sector (primarily oil production and natural gas production, distribution and storage) to further reduce GHG emissions, and, on December 6, 2022, the EPA proposed a supplement that would revise and expand the 2021 proposal. If finalized, these new rules could increase the cost of domestic crude oil and natural gas. In addition, the EPA, together with the DOT, implemented GHG emission and corporate average fuel economy standards for vehicles manufactured in the United States, which standards were revised in December 2021 to impose more stringent requirements for emissions reductions. President Biden also reinstated the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases in 2021 and directed the group to publish interim estimates of the social cost of carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and methane, with a view to using such estimates in federal rulemakings on GHGs, which it did. In November 2022, the EPA published a draft report assigning new and higher social cost values to GHG emissions for use in its rulemaking initiatives. 
 
 Internationally, the United Nations-sponsored Paris Agreement requires member countries to submit non-binding, individually determined emissions reduction goals every five years after 2020. The United States initially joined and then withdrew from such agreement in 2020. In 2021, the United States rejoined the Paris Agreement and issued its corresponding nationally determined contribution NDC to reduce economy-wide net GHG emissions to 50-52 below 2005 levels by 2030. While the NDC does not identify specific actions necessary to achieve these reductions, it lists several sectors as pathways for reductions, including the power, transportation, building, industrial, and agricultural sectors. The administration has acknowledged a combination of regulatory actions and legislation will be necessary to achieve the U.S. NDC. In regards to legislation, in November 2021, the United States enacted a nearly 1 trillion bipartisan infrastructure law, which provided significant funding for electric vehicles and clean energy technologies, and in August 2022 the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which allocated 369 billion to climate change and environmental initiatives, including transportation electrification, fees on and greater regulation of methane emissions, and support for green energy manufacturing programs. Certain of these initiatives are subject to ongoing litigation, and the impacts of these laws and orders, and the terms of any legislation or regulation to implement the United States commitment under the Paris Agreement, remain unclear at this time. 
 
 In the Netherlands and Canada, increased attention to climate change has led to changes in laws and to new laws, such as the Climate Act (Netherlands) and the Canadian Net-Zero Emissions Accountability Act, and has also led to increased frequency of climate change lawsuits. 
 
 Water Discharges - Our operations are also subject to the Federal Clean Water Act CWA ), the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA and comparable state and local requirements, as well as similar laws in Canada and the Netherlands. The CWA, the SDWA and analogous laws prohibit any discharge into surface waters, ground waters, injection wells and publicly-owned treatment works except in conformance with legal authorization, such as pre-treatment permits and National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES permits, issued by federal, state and local governmental agencies. The EPA commenced a study from 2015-2017 related to the discharges of metals and dioxin from petroleum refining operations and wastewater discharges from refineries in connection with the consideration of new effluent limitation guidelines that would be incorporated into refinery sector NPDES permits. To date, the EPA has not proposed any new effluent limitation guidelines applicable to our operations, but future rulemakings related to this issue could require us to incur increased costs related to the treatment of wastewater resulting from our operations. 
 
 The CWA also regulates filling or discharges to wetlands and other waters of the United States. On January 23, 2020, the EPA, in conjunction with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ), issued a final rule regarding the definition of waters of the United States, which became effective on June 22, 2020 and narrowed the regulatory reach of the CWA regulations relative to a prior 2015 rulemaking. However, that rule was vacated by two federal district courts in 2021, and the Biden Administration subsequently announced a proposed rule to revise again the definition of waters of the United States, which would generally reinstate the pre-2015 definition of waters of the United States. The EPA finalized the rule on January 18, 2023, which will become effective on March 20, 2023. This new rule expands CWA jurisdiction relative to the June 2020 rule and has already been challenged in federal court, creating additional uncertainty. Moreover, the United States Supreme Court is expected to rule in mid-2023 on certain aspects of the definition and the EPA and the Corps have announced an intent to develop a subsequent rule further revising the definition of waters of the United States. 
 24 

Table of Content 

Hazardous Substances and Wastes - We generate wastes that may be subject to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state and local requirements, as well as similar laws in Canada and the Netherlands. The EPA and various state agencies have limited the approved methods of disposal for certain hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Although the EPA is currently working on several rulemakings that could impact how our refineries manage various waste streams, it does not appear that these rules will significantly impact our refineries. 
 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as Superfund, imposes strict, and under certain circumstances, joint and several liability on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the cost of cleaning up hazardous substances that have been released into the environment and for damages to natural resources. These persons include current and former owners or operators of property where a release has occurred, and any persons who disposed of, or arranged for the transport or disposal of, hazardous substances at the property. In the course of our historical operations, as well as in our current operations, we have generated waste, some of which falls within the statutory definition of a hazardous substance and some of which may have been disposed of at sites that may be subject to cleanup and cost recovery actions under CERCLA in the future. Similarly, locations now owned or operated by us, where third parties have disposed such hazardous substances in the past, may also be subject to cleanup and cost recovery actions under CERCLA. Some states have enacted laws similar to CERCLA which impose similar responsibilities and liabilities on responsible parties. It is also not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims under state law for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. Many states also have similar liability regimes that impose strict and potentially joint and several liability for releases into the environment. 
 
 Various regulators are considering regulation of so-called emerging contaminants, including for example a proposal by the EPA in August 2022 to list two per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances as CERCLA hazardous substances. We cannot predict the impact of future regulation of presently unregulated substances, but the prospect of such regulation creates additional uncertainty. 
 
 Oil Pollution Liability - The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA and regulations thereunder generally subject owners and operators of facilities to strict, joint and several liability for all containment and cleanup costs, natural resource damages, and potential governmental oversight costs arising from oil spills into the waters of the U.S. The OPA also imposes ongoing requirements on a responsible party, including the preparation of oil spill response plans and proof of financial responsibility to cover environmental cleanup and restoration costs that could be incurred in connection with an oil spill. Likewise, the CWA contains provisions that also impose similar liabilities for oil spills, and regulations under the CWA imposed prevention and response planning requirements applicable to many of our facilities. These liability regimes, as well as the rules under the OPA and CWA, or new agency interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may necessitate additional expenditures in future years and result in increased costs of our operations. 
 
 Other Environmental Regulations - Our Canadian assets and operations are also required to comply with various Canadian federal, provincial and municipal regulations. The regulations are in many cases conceptually similar to those described above for our U.S. operations. The principal legislation affecting our Canadian operations is the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, the Fisheries Act, the Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act and their regulations at a federal level and various provincial statutes and regulations such as the Ontario Environmental Protection Act, the Ontario Occupational Health and Safety Act and the Ontario Water Resources Act. All these laws contain broad prohibitions against causing harm to air, land, water, people or any other living organism and in many cases contain detailed prescriptive rules governing many aspects of our operations. Regulatory trends towards more stringent emission requirements and operating controls are expected to continue at federal, provincial and local levels. 
 
 25 

Table of Content 

 Additionally, our assets and operations in the Netherlands are required to comply with Dutch regulations that are similar to, and in some cases more stringent than, those described above for our U.S. operations. The statutes to which our Dutch assets and operations are subject include the Environmental Protection Act, the Activities Decree, the Environmental Licensing (General Provisions) Act, the Water Act, the Soil Protection Act, the Major Accidents (Risks) Decree, the Climate Act, the European Birds and Habitats Directive implemented in the Nature Conservation Act, and other subordinate decrees and regulations relative to environmental control, permitting and enforcement. However, a large legislative operation is being developed that should lead to the integration of all environmental laws in one, being the Environment and Planning Act, which is expected to enter into force in July 2023. Generally, these regulations create a system of environmental permits covering the most significant emissions to water, air and soil, as well as other environmental impacts. The Netherlands also participates in certain broader European legal initiatives, including GHG cap and trade programs. Additionally, in December 2019, the High Council of the Netherlands upheld a court order for the government of the Netherlands to reduce the country's GHG emissions by 25 (compared to 1990) by 2020, and in January 2020, the Climate Act came into force, with the goal of significantly reducing GHG emissions by 49 (compared to 1990) by 2030 and (on the basis of the latest amendment) to be climate neutral by 2050. Furthermore, the target is that 100 of the electricity production will be CO 2 neutral in 2050. 
 
 Enforcement and Litigation Proceedings - We are and have been the subject of various local, state, provincial, federal and private proceedings and inquiries relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations and conditions. These matters include statutory and regulatory programs related to soil and water discharges and contamination, air pollution, and GHG emissions, as well as personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by substances that we manufactured, handled, used, released or disposed. We currently have environmental remediation projects that relate to recovery, treatment and monitoring activities resulting from past releases of refined product and crude oil into the environment. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accrual of 192.3 million related to such environmental liabilities. 
 
 Compliance with current and future environmental regulations is expected to require additional expenditures, including expenditures for investigation and remediation, which may be significant. To the extent that future expenditures for these purposes are material and can be reasonably determined, these costs are disclosed and accrued, if applicable. 
 
 Safety and Accident Prevention - Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA ), comparable state statutes, Canadian regulations applicable to our operations in Canada and Dutch regulations, including the Health and Safety Act and other subordinate decrees and regulations, applicable to our operations in the Netherlands. We maintain a comprehensive safety program, including mechanical integrity and safety-related maintenance programs and training, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations to protect the safety of our workers and the public. Some of our operations are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management PSM regulations and EPA CAA Risk Management Plan RMP regulations, both of which are designed to prevent or minimize chemical accidents and any resulting releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. In January 2017, the EPA revised the RMP requirements for incident investigation and accident history reporting, emergency preparedness, and the performance of process hazard analyses and third-party compliance audits. Some of the revised requirements have not yet become effective, and the EPA issued a final rule in December 2019 that rescinded several of the requirements of the 2017 rule. That rescission was challenged in court, but the case has not proceeded because the EPA proposed a further RMP amendment in August 2022 that would reverse much of the 2019 rescission, with some modifications, and add provisions for employee participation, community engagement, and additional accident prevention requirements. Also in January 2017, OSHA announced changes to its National Emphasis Program, which specifically identified oil refineries as facilities for increased inspections and instructed inspectors to use data gathered from EPA RMP inspections to identify refiners for additional PSM inspections. Compliance with applicable state and federal occupational health and safety laws and regulations, as well as environmental regulations, has required, and continues to require, substantial expenditures. 
 
 Occupational health and environmental legislation, regulations and regulatory programs change frequently. We cannot predict what additional occupational health and environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted or become effective in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted with respect to our operations. Compliance with more stringent laws or regulations or adverse changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations by government agencies could have an adverse effect on our financial position and the results of our operations and could require substantial expenditures for the installation and operation of systems and equipment that we do not currently possess. 
 
 Insurance 
 Our operations are subject to hazards of operations, including fire, explosion and weather-related perils. We maintain various insurance coverages, including business interruption insurance, subject to certain deductibles. We are not fully insured against certain risks because such risks are not fully insurable, coverage is unavailable, or premium costs, in our judgment, do not justify such expenditures. 
 26 

Table of Content 

We have a risk management oversight committee consisting of members from our senior management. This committee oversees our risk enterprise program, monitors our risk environment and provides direction for activities to mitigate identified risks that may adversely affect the achievement of our goals. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Investing in us involves a degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion Analysis section and the financial statements and related notes, prior to investing in our common stock. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Risks Related to our Business/Industry: 
 
 The prices of crude oil, renewable feedstocks and refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products materially affect our profitability, and are dependent upon many factors that are beyond our control. 
 General economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks for which we may not be adequately insured. 
 A disruption to or proration of the product distribution systems or manufacturing facilities we utilize could negatively impact our profitability. 
 A material decrease in the supply, or a material increase in the price, of crude oil, renewable feedstocks or other raw materials or equipment available to our refineries and other facilities could significantly reduce our production levels and negatively affect our operations. 
 To successfully operate our facilities, we are required to expend significant amounts for capital outlays and operating expenditures. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The refining and marketing industry and the lubricants and specialty products industry are highly competitive, and an increase in competition could adversely affect our earnings and profitability. 
 REH Company became a significant holder of our common stock following the completion of the Sinclair Transactions. 
 Our acquisition strategy involves numerous risks, any of which could adversely affect us. 
 Negative publicity or an erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Terrorist attacks, and the threat of terrorist attacks or vandalism, have resulted in increased costs to our business. Continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our business may suffer due to a change in the composition of our Board of Directors, or the departure of any of our key senior executives or other key employees. Furthermore, a shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity. 
 A portion of our workforce is unionized, and any disruptions in our labor force or adverse employee relations could adversely affect our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or any other widespread outbreak of an illness or pandemic or other public health crisis, and actions taken in response thereto, has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including currency fluctuations. 
 Potential product, service or other related liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 We depend upon HEP for a substantial portion of the crude supply and distribution network that serve our refineries, and we own a significant equity interest in HEP. 
 Certain of our facilities and assets are located on or adjacent to Native American tribal lands. Furthermore, our operations are subject to potentially disruptive activity by those concerned with our industry. 
 An impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets could reduce our earnings or negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We sell many of our lubricants and specialty products through distributors, which presents risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and the value of a stockholder's investment could be impacted. 
 
 27 

Table of Content 

 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to significant regulation and oversight by governmental agencies. 
 We incur significant costs, and expect to incur additional costs in the future, to comply with existing, new and changing environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and face potential exposure for environmental matters. 
 There are various risks associated with greenhouse gases and climate change that could result in increased operating costs and litigation and reduced demand for the refined products we produce and investment in our industry. 
 Increasing attention to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may adversely impact our business, financial results, stock price or price of debt securities. 
 Physical impacts of climate change could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in required fuel economy and regulation of CO 2 emissions from motor vehicles may reduce demand for transportation fuels. 
 Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Security and Privacy, Information Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 Our information technology systems, operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, communications networks, software integrated in our manufacturing and administrative processes, and customer data processed by us, third-party vendors or suppliers are subject to risks presented by cyber events, including incidents or breaches of security, any of which could prevent us or third parties we rely on from effectively operating our business, and could harm our reputation or materially adversely affect our company's assets, growth efforts, operations, facilities, business reputation or financial condition. 
 We may be subject to information technology system failures, communications network disruptions and data breaches that are generally beyond our control. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving global laws, regulations and security standards regarding data privacy, cybersecurity and data protection, which could result in claims, increased cost of operations, or other harm to our business. 
 We may be unable to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property and may not be able to prevent third parties from unauthorized access or use of our intellectual property, which may increase our cost of doing business or otherwise hurt our ability to compete in the market. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties or are unable to license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to pay damages or could potentially lose license rights that are critical to our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Liquidity, Financial Instruments and Credit 
 
 We may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms or at all because of volatility and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets. This may hinder or prevent us from meeting our future capital needs. 
 We are exposed to the credit risks, and certain other risks, of our key customers and vendors. 
 Changes in our credit profile, or a significant increase in the price of crude oil, may affect our relationship with our suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and limit our ability to purchase sufficient quantities of crude oil to operate our refineries at desired capacity. 
 Our credit facility contains certain covenants and restrictions that may constrain our business and financing activities. 
 Our hedging transactions may limit our gains and expose us to other risks. 
 We may be unable to pay future dividends. 
 
 Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations. If any of the following risks were to actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The headings provided in this Item 1A. are for convenience and reference purposes only and shall not affect or limit the extent or interpretation of the risk factors. 
 
 28 

Table of Content 

 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS/INDUSTRY 
 
 The prices of crude oil, renewable feedstocks and refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products materially affect our profitability, and are dependent upon many factors that are beyond our control, including general market demand and economic conditions, seasonal and weather-related factors, regional and grade differentials and governmental regulations and policies. 
 
 Among these factors is the demand for crude oil, renewable feedstocks (such as soybean oil), refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products, which can vary by type and class or product and is largely driven by the conditions of local and worldwide economies, as well as by weather patterns, changes in consumer preferences and the taxation of these products relative to other energy sources. Governmental regulations and policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, and more recently in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, also have a significant impact on our activities. Operating results can be affected by these industry factors, product and crude pipeline capacities, crude oil differentials (including regional and grade differentials), the price and availability of renewable feedstocks, changes in transportation costs, accidents or interruptions in transportation, competition in the particular geographic areas that we serve, global market conditions, actions by foreign nations and factors that are specific to us, such as the success of particular marketing programs and the efficiency of our refinery and facility operations. Developments in the global oil markets, such as actual or potential hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas, including the Russia-Ukraine war, and worldwide demand for crude oil, particularly in developing countries, can affect the prices of crude oil and result in inflated energy prices. The demand for crude oil and refined and finished lubricant products can also be reduced due to a local or national recession or other adverse economic condition, which results in lower spending by businesses and consumers on gasoline and diesel fuel, higher gasoline prices due to higher crude oil prices, a shift by consumers to more fuel-efficient vehicles or alternative fuel vehicles (such as ethanol or wider adoption of electric, gas/electric hybrid or hydrogen-powered vehicles), or an increase in vehicle fuel economy, whether as a result of technological advances by manufacturers, legislation mandating or encouraging higher fuel economy or the use of alternative fuel. 
 
 We do not produce crude oil or our renewable feedstocks and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process, the price of which fluctuates based upon worldwide and local market conditions. The profitability of our Refining, Lubricants and Specialty Products and Marketing segments depends largely on the spread between market prices for refined petroleum products and crude oil prices. The profitability of our Renewable segment depends largely on the spread between market prices for renewable diesel plus state and federal low carbon fuel incentives and renewable feedstocks, such as soybean oil. This margin is continually changing and may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Crude oil and refined and renewable products are commodities whose price levels are determined by market forces beyond our control. For example, the reversal of certain existing pipelines or the construction of certain new pipelines transporting additional crude oil or refined products to markets that serve competing refineries could affect the market dynamic that has allowed us to take advantage of favorable pricing. In addition, the volume of renewable diesel produced by our competitors is expected to increase going forward, and as the market becomes more competitive, or if there are changes in the regulations, policies, and standards affecting the demand for low-carbon fuels or our ability to obtain approved fuel pathways, our Renewables segment may experience increased volatility in product margins. A deterioration of crack spreads or price differentials between domestic and foreign crude oils or renewable diesel product margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, due to the seasonality of refined and renewable products markets and refinery maintenance schedules, results of operations for any particular quarter of a fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year and can vary year to year in the event of unseasonably cool weather in the summer months and/or unseasonably warm weather in the winter months in the markets in which we sell our products. Commodity prices have, and in the future may, fluctuate due to adverse weather events, regulatory interventions and geo-political conditions. In general, prices for refined products are influenced by the price of crude oil and prices for renewable diesel are influenced by the price of renewable feedstocks. Although an increase or decrease in the price for crude oil or renewable feedstocks may result in a similar increase or decrease in prices for refined products or renewable diesel, there may be a time lag in the realization of the similar increase or decrease in prices for refined products or renewable diesel. The effect of changes in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices on operating results, therefore, depends in part on how quickly refined product or renewable diesel prices adjust to reflect these changes. A substantial or prolonged increase in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices without a corresponding increase in refined product or renewable diesel prices, a substantial or prolonged decrease in refined product or renewable diesel prices without a corresponding decrease in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices, or a substantial or prolonged decrease in demand for refined products or renewable diesel could have a significant negative effect on our earnings and cash flow. Also, our crude oil and refined and renewable diesel product inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market under the last-in, first-out LIFO inventory valuation methodology. If the market value of our inventory were to decline to an amount less than our LIFO cost, we would record a write-down of inventory and a non-cash charge to cost of products sold even when there is no underlying economic impact at 
 29 

Table of Content 

 that point in time. Continued volatility in crude oil and refined product or renewable diesel prices could result in lower of cost or market inventory charges in the future, or in reversals reducing cost of products sold in subsequent periods should prices recover. 
 
 General economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Economic slowdowns may have serious negative consequences for our business and operating results, because our performance is subject to domestic economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer spending. Some of the factors affecting consumer spending include general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, inflation, reductions in net worth based on declines in equity markets and residential real estate values, adverse developments in mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors. Political instability and global health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, can also impact the global economy and decrease worldwide demand for oil and refined products. Increased volatility in the global oil markets, including the prices our customers or our joint ventures customers pay for crude oil and other raw materials, has, and may continue to, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 Adverse developments in the global economy or in regional economies could also negatively impact our customers and suppliers, and therefore have a negative impact on our business or financial condition. In the event of adverse developments or stagnation in the economy or financial markets, our customers and suppliers may experience deterioration of their businesses, reduced demand for their products, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing or potential customers might delay or cancel plans to use our services and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion. Further, suppliers may experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Moreover, a financial market crisis may have a material adverse impact on financial institutions and limit access to capital and credit. This could, among other things, make it more difficult for us to obtain (or increase our cost of obtaining) capital and financing for our operations. Our access to additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. Current and future inflationary pressures may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. Continuing increases in inflation could affect the U.S. economy generally, the overall demand for our products and services, our costs for labor, material and services and our operating margins, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. 
 
 Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks for which we may not be adequately insured. 
 
 Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards, unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks such as natural disasters, adverse weather, accidents, maritime disasters or casualties (including those involving marine vessels/terminals), fires, explosions, hazardous materials releases or spills (such as the release of crude oil on the Osage pipeline in July 2022), terror or cyberattacks, vandalism, power failures, mechanical failures and other events beyond our control, and we have experienced certain of these events in the past. These events could result in an injury or loss of life, and have in the past and could in the future result in, property damage or destruction or curtailment or an interruption in our operations and may affect our ability to meet customer commitments. In addition, the consequences of any operational incident (including as a result of a maritime disaster or casualty) at our marine terminal facilities may be even more significant as a result of the complexities involved in addressing releases or spills occurring in U.S. federal and/or state waters and/or the repair of marine terminal facilities. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at commercially reasonable rates and exclusions from coverage may limit our ability to recover the amount of the full loss in all situations. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies and insurance policies for our joint ventures are increasing. In some instances, certain insurance has become unavailable or has become available only for reduced amounts of coverage or at a significantly increased cost. 
 
 There can be no assurance that insurance will cover all or any damages and losses resulting from these types of hazards. We are not fully insured against all risks to our business and therefore, we self-insure certain risks. If any of our facilities were to 
 30 

Table of Content 

 experience an interruption in operations, our earnings could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. 
 
 The energy industry is highly capital intensive, and the entire or partial loss of individual facilities can result in significant costs to both industry companies, such as us, and their insurance carriers. In recent years, several large energy industry claims have resulted in significant increases in the level of premium costs and deductible periods for participants in the energy industry. As a result of large energy industry claims, insurance companies that have historically participated in underwriting energy-related facilities may discontinue that practice or demand significantly higher premiums or deductible periods to cover these facilities. If significant changes in the number or financial solvency of insurance underwriters for the energy industry occur, or if other adverse conditions over which we have no control prevail in the insurance market, we may be unable to obtain and maintain adequate insurance at reasonable cost. In addition, we cannot assure you that our insurers will renew our insurance coverage on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we will be able to arrange for adequate alternative coverage in the event of non-renewal. Further, our underwriters could have credit issues that affect their ability to pay claims. If a significant accident or event occurs that is self-insured or not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A disruption to or proration of the product distribution systems or manufacturing facilities we utilize could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 We utilize various common carrier or other third party pipeline systems to deliver our products to market. The key systems utilized by the Casper, El Dorado, Navajo, Parco, Puget Sound, Woods Cross, and Tulsa Refineries are Magellan (RMPS), NuStar Energy Magellan (Mid-Con), SFPP, Pioneer, Olympic, UNEV and MPLX, and Magellan (Mid-Con), respectively. 
 
 Our U.S. refineries also utilize systems owned by HEP. If these key pipelines or their associated tanks and terminals become inoperative or decrease the capacity available to us, we may not be able to sell our product, or we may be required to hold our product in inventory or supply products to our customers through an alternative pipeline or by rail or additional tanker trucks from the refinery, all of which could increase our costs and result in a decline in profitability. 
 
 Additionally, our Refining, Lubricants and Specialty Products and Renewables segments depend on rail transportation for the delivery of feedstocks used in the production of our products and to deliver products to market, the availability of which is subject to various risks, including those associated with rail strikes, equipment shortages, operating hazards and transportation regulations. If rail transportation is disrupted, we may be unable to produce and/or deliver our products in a competitive or profitable manner and, if such disruption were to occur over an extended period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have manufacturing facilities in foreign countries that support the Lubricants and Specialty Products segment. If one of our facilities is damaged or disrupted, resulting in production being halted for an extended period, we may not be able to timely supply our customers. We take steps to mitigate this risk, including business continuity and contingency planning and procuring property insurance (including resulting business interruption) and casualty insurance. Nevertheless, the loss of sales in any one region over an extended period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A material decrease in the supply, or a material increase in the price, of crude oil, renewable feedstocks or other raw materials or equipment available to our refineries and other facilities could significantly reduce our production levels and negatively affect our operations. 
 
 To maintain or increase production levels at our refineries and facilities, we must continually contract for crude oil and renewable feedstock supplies from third parties. There are a limited number of crude oil and renewable feedstock suppliers in certain geographic regions, and in such cases, we may be required to source from a single third party supplier. If we are unable to maintain or extend our existing contracts with any such crude oil or renewable feedstock suppliers, or enter into new agreements on similar terms, the supply of crude oil or renewable feedstocks could be adversely impacted, or we may incur a higher cost. A material decrease in crude oil production from the fields that supply our refineries, as a result of depressed commodity prices, decreased demand, lack of drilling activity, natural production declines, governmental regulations, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns, catastrophic events or otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of crude oil available to our refineries. As the volume of renewable diesel produced increases, competition for renewable feedstocks may also increase and result in an increase in feedstock costs and a decrease in renewable diesel margins. In addition, any prolonged disruption of a significant pipeline that is used in supplying crude oil to our refineries or the potential operation of a new, converted or expanded crude oil pipeline that transports crude oil to other markets could result in a decline in the volume of crude oil available to our refineries. Such an event could result in an overall decline in 
 31 

Table of Content 

 volumes of refined products processed at our refineries and therefore a corresponding reduction in our cash flow. In addition, the future growth of our operations will depend in part upon whether we can contract for additional supplies of crude oil or renewable feedstocks at a greater rate than the rate of natural decline in our currently connected supplies. If we are unable to secure additional crude oil supplies or renewable feedstocks of sufficient quality or crude pipeline expansion to our refineries, we will be unable to take full advantage of current and future expansion of our refineries' and renewable facilities production capacities. 
 
 For certain raw materials and utilities used by our refineries and other facilities, there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, we source from a single supplier and/or suppliers in economies that have experienced instability or the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. Any significant disruption in supply could affect our ability to obtain raw materials, or increase the cost of such raw materials, which could significantly reduce our production levels or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain raw materials that we use are subject to various regulatory laws, and a change in the ability to legally use such raw materials may impact our liquidity, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 It is also common in the refining industry for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity, hydrogen, water and gas. Having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. Any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements. Additionally, there is growing concern over the reliability of water sources. The decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations. 
 
 Our Artesia RDU and Sinclair RDU are co-located with the Navajo Refinery and Parco Refinery, respectively, and their operations are dependent upon certain shared infrastructure at the co-located facilities. For example, the hydrogen plants at the Navajo Refinery and Parco Refinery support both refinery and renewable diesel operations. As a result, any disruption due to weather events, mechanical failure or other interruption that negatively impacts, or causes a shut down of, shared infrastructure at the co-located facilities could result in lost production and have a material adverse effect on earnings for both refinery and renewable diesel operations at the co-located facility. In addition, in the event equipment or raw materials at the co-located facilities are constrained, we make commercial decisions that prioritize the continuing operation of one segment over the other in order to maximize earnings of our consolidated business. 
 
 In addition, periods of disruption in the global supply chain, including as a result of COVID-19 and the Russia-Ukraine war, have caused shortages in the equipment and parts necessary to operate our facilities and complete our capital projects. Certain suppliers have experienced, and may continue to experience, delays related to a variety of factors, including logistical delays and component shortages from vendors. We continue to monitor the situation and work closely with our suppliers to minimize disruption to our operations as a result of supply chain interruptions. 
 
 If our raw material, utility, gas, hydrogen or water supplies or access to the equipment necessary to operate our facilities were disrupted, our businesses may incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or equipment or incur excessive downtime, which would have a direct negative impact on our operations. 
 
 To successfully operate our facilities, we are required to expend significant amounts for capital outlays and operating expenditures. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our facilities consist of many processing units, a number of which have been in operation for many years. One or more of the units may require unscheduled downtime for unanticipated maintenance or repairs that are more frequent than our scheduled turnaround for such units. Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance could reduce our revenues during the period of time that the units are not operating. We have taken significant measures to expand and upgrade units in our facilities by installing new equipment and redesigning older equipment to improve refinery capacity or to address changes in consumer preferences, such as the growing demand for renewable diesel and other lower carbon fuels. The installation and redesign of key equipment at our facilities involves significant uncertainties, including the following: our upgraded equipment may not perform at expected levels; operating costs of the upgraded equipment may be higher than expected; the yield and product quality of new equipment may differ from design and/or specifications and redesign, modification or replacement of the equipment may be required to correct equipment that does not perform as expected, which could require facility shutdowns until the equipment has been redesigned or modified. Any of these risks associated with new equipment, redesigned older equipment, or repaired equipment could lead to lower revenues or higher costs or otherwise have a negative impact on our future financial condition and results of 
 32 

Table of Content 

 operations. For example, in the third quarter of 2020, we ceased refining operations at our Cheyenne Refinery due, in part, to uncompetitive operating and maintenance costs for the refinery. 
 
 One of the ways we may grow our business is through the construction of new refinery processing units (or the purchase and refurbishment of used units from another refinery) and the conversion or expansion of existing ones, such as the conversion of the Cheyenne Refinery to renewable diesel production and the connection of a new renewable diesel and a pre-treatment unit in Artesia, New Mexico. Projects are generally initiated to increase the yields of higher-value products, increase the amount of lower cost crude oils that can be processed, increase refinery production capacity, meet new governmental requirements or take advantage of new government incentive programs, or maintain the operations of our existing assets. Additionally, our growth strategy includes projects that permit access to new and/or more profitable markets, including the growing demand for renewable diesel and other lower carbon fuels. The construction process involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, and legal uncertainties, most of which are not fully within our control, including: 
 
 third party challenges to, denials, or delays with respect to the issuance of requisite regulatory approvals and/or obtaining or renewing permits, licenses, registrations and other authorizations; 
 societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition; 
 compliance with or liability under environmental regulations; 
 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 
 disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials; 
 severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, terror or cyberattacks, vandalism or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors and suppliers; 
 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 
 market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs; and/or 
 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors, or sub-contractors involved with a project. 
 
 If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we make. In addition, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. Moreover, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in demand for refined products or renewable diesel in a region in which such growth does not materialize. As a result, new capital investments may not achieve our expected investment return, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we expect to execute turnarounds at several of our refineries in 2023, which involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including delays and incurrence of additional and unforeseen costs. The turnarounds allow us to perform maintenance, upgrades, overhaul and repair of process equipment and materials, during which time all or a portion of the refinery will be under scheduled downtime. 
 
 Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals which are not within our control, including changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply, global market conditions, actions by foreign nations and customer demand. 
 
 Competition in the refining and marketing industry is intense, and an increase in competition in the markets in which we sell our products could adversely affect our earnings and profitability. 
 
 We compete with a broad range of refining and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. Because of their geographic diversity, larger and more complex refineries, integrated operations and greater resources, some of our competitors may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions, to obtain crude oil in times of shortage and to bear the economic risks inherent in all areas of the refining industry. 
 
 We are not engaged in petroleum exploration and production activities and do not produce any of the crude oil feedstocks used at our refineries. We do not have a retail business and therefore are dependent upon others for outlets for our refined products. Certain of our competitors, however, obtain a portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and have retail outlets. Competitors that have their own production or extensive retail outlets, with brand-name recognition, are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. 
 
 33 

Table of Content 

 In recent years there have been several refining and marketing consolidations or acquisitions between entities competing in our geographic market. These transactions could increase the future competitive pressures on us. 
 
 The markets in which we compete may be impacted by competitors' plans for expansion projects and refinery improvements that could increase the production of refined products in our areas of operation and significantly affect our profitability. 
 
 Also, the potential operation of new or expanded refined product transportation pipelines, or the conversion of existing pipelines into refined product transportation pipelines, could impact the supply of refined products to our existing markets and negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 In addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. The more successful these alternatives become as a result of governmental regulations, technological advances, consumer demand, improved pricing or otherwise, the greater the impact on pricing and demand for our products and our profitability. There are presently significant governmental and consumer pressures to increase the use of alternative fuels in the United States. 
 
 The market for our lubricants and specialty products segment is highly competitive and requires us to continuously develop and introduce new products and product enhancements. 
 
 Our ability to grow our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment depends, in part, on our ability to continuously develop, manufacture and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis, in response to customers demands for higher performance process lubricants, coatings, greases and other product offerings. Our competitors may develop new products or enhancements to their products that offer performance, features and lower prices that may render our products less competitive or obsolete, and, as a consequence, we may lose business and/or significant market share. Our efforts to respond to changes in consumer demand in a timely and cost-efficient manner to drive growth could be adversely affected by unfavorable margins or difficulties or delays in product development and service innovation, including the inability to identify viable new products, successfully complete research and development, obtain regulatory approvals, obtain intellectual property protection or gain market acceptance of new products or service techniques. The development and commercialization of new products require significant expenditures over an extended period of time, and some products that we seek to develop may never become profitable, and we could be required to write-off our investments related to a new product that does not reach commercial viability. 
 
 REH Company became a significant holder of our common stock following the completion of the Sinclair Transactions. 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, REH Company owned approximately 20.8 of our common stock. In connection with the Sinclair Transactions, the REH Company stockholders agreed to certain customary lock up, voting and standstill restrictions, as well as customary registration rights. Under the Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), approximately 30,111,018 shares of our common stock issued to the REH Parties Restricted Shares remain subject to a lock-up period that commenced on the closing date, with one-half of such Restricted Shares to be released from such restrictions on the first anniversary of the closing date, and the remainder to be released from such restrictions on the date that is 15 months from the closing date. Subject to release from the lock-up provisions and the filing of a resale registration statement or satisfaction of the requirements of Rule 144, REH Company and its stockholders may seek to sell their shares of common stock. These sales (or the perception that sales may occur) may affect the market for, and the market price of, our common stock in an adverse manner. 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the REH Parties are entitled to nominate (i) two persons to our Board of Directors for so long as the REH Parties beneficially own common stock constituting not less than 15 of all outstanding common stock and (ii) one person to our Board of Directors for so long as the REH Parties beneficially own less than 15 but more than or equal to 5 of all outstanding common stock. As a result, REH Company (and the REH Parties) has the ability to influence our management and affairs. Further, the existence of a new significant stockholder may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our company. 
 
 So long as REH Company continues to control a significant amount of our common stock, it will continue to be able to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, subject to the voting agreements of the REH Parties set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. Moreover, this concentration of stock ownership may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning stock of a company with a significant stockholder. 
 
 34 

Table of Content 

 Our acquisition strategy involves numerous risks, any of which could adversely affect us. Certain acquisitions, such as the Sinclair Transactions, require, and may continue to require, management to devote significant attention and resources to integrating the acquired businesses with our business. 
 
 An additional component of our growth strategy is to selectively acquire complementary assets or businesses for our refining operations, such as the Sinclair Transactions and our acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery, in order to increase earnings and cash flow. Our ability to do so will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify attractive acquisition candidates, consummate acquisitions on favorable terms, successfully integrate acquired assets and obtain financing to fund acquisitions and to support our growth, and other factors beyond our control. Risks associated with acquisitions include those relating to: 
 
 diversion of significant management time and attention from our existing business; 
 challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of operations and inefficiencies that may result therefrom; 
 difficulties in integrating the financial, technological and management standards, processes, procedures and controls of an acquired business with those of our existing operations; 
 the inability to integrate multiple acquisitions simultaneously or within a short timeframe of each other, including the Sinclair Transactions and the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery; 
 difficulties integrating personnel from the acquired business while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services or the loss of key employees; 
 difficulties integrating relationships with customers, vendors and business partners; 
 liability for known or unknown environmental conditions or other contingent liabilities not covered by indemnification or insurance or potential unknown and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with such acquisitions; 
 greater than anticipated expenditures required for compliance with environmental or other regulatory standards or for investments to improve operating results; 
 difficulties or delays in achieving anticipated operational improvements or benefits or inaccurate assumptions about future synergies or revenues; 
 incurrence of additional indebtedness to finance acquisitions or capital expenditures relating to acquired assets; and 
 issuance of additional equity, which could result in further dilution of the ownership interest of existing stockholders. 
 
 Any acquisitions that we do consummate may have adverse effects on our business and operating results. 
 
 Delays or difficulties in the integration process could adversely affect our business, financial results, financial condition and stock price. Even if we are able to integrate our business operations successfully, there can be no assurance that this integration will result in the realization of the full benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies that we currently expect or have communicated from this integration or that these benefits will be achieved within the anticipated time frame. 
 
 Negative publicity or an erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition . 
 
 Our reputation and our brands, including, without limitation, our existing Sinclair, HollyFrontier Specialty Products, Petro-Canada Lubricants, Red Giant Oil and Sonneborn brands, and any brands we may acquire or establish in the future, are an important corporate asset. Factors that could have a negative impact on our reputation and our brands include an operating incident or significant cybersecurity disruption; changes in consumer views concerning our products; a perception by investors or others that we are making insufficient progress with respect to our carbon emission reduction goals, or that pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with reduced returns; and other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts on our reputation and our brands could in turn make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, attract talent, or could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. Our reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect the image of our industry as a whole. The materialization of risks discussed in this section could negatively affect our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 35 

Table of Content 

 Terrorist attacks, and the threat of terrorist attacks or vandalism, have resulted in increased costs to our business. Continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 The long-term impacts of terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorist attacks on the energy transportation industry in general, and on us in particular, are unknown. Any attack on our facilities or those of our customers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increased security measures taken by us as a precaution against possible terrorist attacks or domestic vandalism have resulted in increased costs to our business. Uncertainty surrounding continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror, may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of crude oil supplies and markets for refined products. In addition, disruption or significant increases in energy prices could result in government-imposed price controls. Any one of, or a combination of, these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks, vandalism, or cyberattacks or extortion could make certain types of insurance more difficult for us to obtain. Moreover, the insurance that may be available to us may be significantly more expensive than our existing insurance coverage. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, cyberattacks, vandalism or war could also affect our ability to raise capital including our ability to repay or refinance debt. 
 
 Our business may suffer due to a change in the composition of our Board of Directors, or the departure of any of our key senior executives or other key employees. Furthermore, a shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity. 
 
 Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our Board of Directors, our senior management team and key technical personnel. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance, non-compete agreements, or employment agreements with respect to any member of our senior management team. The loss or unavailability to us of any member of our senior management team or a key technical employee could significantly harm us. We face competition for these professionals from our competitors, our customers and other companies operating in our industry. To the extent that the services of members of our senior management team and key technical personnel would be unavailable to us for any reason, we may be required to hire other personnel to manage and operate our company. We may not be able to locate or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 Furthermore, our operations require skilled and experienced laborers with proficiency in multiple tasks. A shortage of trained workers due to retirements, an increase in labor costs as a result of inflation or otherwise could have an adverse impact on productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 A portion of our workforce is unionized, and any disruptions in our labor force or adverse employee relations could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We depend on unionized labor for the operation of many of our facilities. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 26 of our employees were represented by labor unions under collective bargaining agreements with various expiration dates. In addition, employees who are not currently represented by labor unions may seek union representation in the future. We may not be able to renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements when they expire on satisfactory terms or at all. If we are unable to renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements when they expire, any work stoppages or other labor disturbances at these facilities could have an adverse effect on our business, impact our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and payments of our debt obligations, and increase our costs. In addition, our existing labor agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage or other adverse employee relations event at any of our facilities in the future, and any work stoppage could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or any other widespread outbreak of an illness or pandemic or other public health crisis, and actions taken in response thereto, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 COVID-19 s spread across the globe and governmental actions in response thereto have negatively affected worldwide economic and commercial activity, significantly impacted global demand for oil, gas and refined products, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial and commodity markets. 
 
 The spread of COVID-19 caused us to modify our business practices from time to time as needed (including limiting employee and contractor presence at our work locations, restricting travel unless approved by senior leadership, quarantining employees 
 36 

Table of Content 

 when necessary and reducing utilization at our refineries), and similar widespread outbreaks of illness or pandemics could significantly disrupt our operations and ability to perform critical functions in the future. 
 
 The effects of COVID-19 are difficult to predict and the duration of any potential business disruption or the extent to which it may negatively affect our operating results is uncertain. The extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact our business and operating results remains uncertain and depends on future developments related to the duration and severity of the spread of the virus, emerging variants, vaccine and booster effectiveness, and government measures, designed to slow and contain the spread of COVID-19, among others, all of which are beyond our control. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in global oil markets as well as the potential for a recession, while uncertain, have and may continue to, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including currency fluctuations 
 
 We derive a portion of our revenue and earnings from international operations. Our acquisitions of the Petro-Canada Lubricants and Sonneborn businesses have expanded our operations and sales in foreign countries and correspondingly may increase our exposure to foreign exchange risks. Any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the U.S. dollar could affect our revenue, competitiveness and cost of doing business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, compliance with applicable U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, such as import and export requirements, anti-corruption laws, data privacy regulations and foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, environmental laws, labor laws and anti-competition regulations, increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by any of our employees, contractors, distributors or agents could nevertheless occur. In some cases, compliance with the laws and regulations of one country could violate the laws and regulations of another country. Violations of these laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our company's brand, international growth efforts and business. 
 
 In addition, global market risks, actions by foreign nations and other international conditions, particularly in a time of increasing economic and global instability, may have a material adverse effect on our results and operations. The consequences of such uncertainty cannot be anticipated or quantified. 
 
 Potential product, service or other related liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of our operating responsibility on refined product pipelines is to maintain the quality and purity of the products loaded at our loading racks. If our quality control measures were to fail, we may have contaminated or off-specification commingled pipelines and storage tanks or off-specification product could be sent to public gasoline stations. The development, manufacture and sale of renewable diesel and specialty lubricant products also involves an inherent risk of exposure to potential product liability claims. These types of incidents could result in product liability claims from our customers. Our products could also be subject to false advertising claims, product recalls, workplace exposure, product seizures and related adverse publicity. 
 
 Any of these incidents is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of or exposure to various products. There can be no assurance that product liability claims against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations or our ability to maintain existing customers or retain new customers. Although we maintain product and other general liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the types or levels of coverage maintained are adequate to cover these potential risks, or that we will be able to continue to maintain existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. 
 
 We depend upon HEP for a substantial portion of the crude supply and distribution network that serve our refineries, and we own a significant equity interest in HEP. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned a 47 limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP. HEP operates a system of crude oil and petroleum product pipelines, distribution terminals and refinery tankage in Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming and refinery units in Kansas and Utah. HEP generates revenues by charging tariffs for transporting petroleum products and crude oil through its pipelines, leasing certain pipeline capacity to third parties, charging fees for terminalling refined products and other 
 37 

Table of Content 

 hydrocarbons and storing and providing other services at its terminals. HEP serves the El Dorado, Navajo, Woods Cross and Tulsa Refineries under several long-term pipeline and terminal, tankage and throughput agreements expiring in 2023 through 2037, serves the El Dorado Refinery under long-term tolling agreements expiring in 2030 and serves the Woods Cross Refinery under long-term tolling agreements expiring in 2031. Furthermore, our financial statements include the consolidated results of HEP. HEP is subject to its own operating and regulatory risks, including, but not limited to: 
 
 its reliance on its significant customers, including us; 
 competition from other pipelines; 
 environmental regulations affecting pipeline operations; 
 operational hazards and risks; 
 pipeline tariff regulations affecting the rates HEP can charge; 
 limitations on additional borrowings and other restrictions due to HEP's debt covenants; and 
 other financial, operational and legal risks. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could directly or indirectly affect HEP's as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as HEP is a consolidated VIE. Additionally, these risks could affect HEP's ability to continue operations which could affect their ability to serve our supply and distribution network needs. 
 
 While we own a 47 limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP, HEP is a publicly-traded master limited partnership and is a legally distinct entity. Conflicts of interest may arise between us and HEP, which may subject us to claims from HEP's public unitholders. 
 
 For additional information about HEP, see Holly Energy Partners, L.P. under Items 1 and 2, Business and Properties. For risks related to HEP's business, see Item 1A of HEP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Certain of our facilities and assets are located on or adjacent to Native American tribal lands. Furthermore, our operations are subject to potentially disruptive activity by those concerned with our industry. 
 
 Certain of our facilities and other assets are located on or adjacent to Native American tribal lands. Various federal agencies, along with each Native American tribe, promulgate and enforce regulations, including environmental standards, regarding operations on Native American tribal lands. In addition, each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations (including various taxes, fees, and other requirements and conditions) and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. In 2020, the Supreme Court ruled in McGirt v. Oklahoma that the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation in Eastern Oklahoma has not been disestablished, and therefore retains jurisdiction over criminal matters, and a subsequent ruling in July 2022 in Oklahoma v. Castro-Huerta narrowing McGirt s holding to find concurrent tribal and state jurisdiction with respect to crimes committed by non-Native Americans against Native Americans on tribal lands, substantial uncertainty exists with respect to matters of which tribes may have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Although the ruling in McGirt indicates that it is limited to criminal law, the ruling has significant potential implications for civil law. At this time, we cannot predict how these jurisdictional issues may ultimately be resolved. Furthermore, our operations may be disrupted by restrictions on our access to railways and waterways on or adjacent to tribal lands, including, for example, through restrictions on the number of trains permitted to cross certain reservations. These factors may increase our cost of doing business on Native American tribal lands. 
 
 In addition, our industry is subject to potentially disruptive activities by those concerned with the possible environmental impacts of crude oil and refined products. Activists, non-governmental organizations and others may seek to restrict our operations or the transportation of crude oil and refined products by exerting social or political pressure. This interference could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 An impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets could reduce our earnings or negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 An impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets could reduce our earnings or negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. We continually monitor our business, the business environment and the performance of our operations to determine if an event has occurred that indicates that a goodwill or long-lived asset may be impaired. If a triggering event occurs, which is a determination that involves judgment, we may be required to utilize cash flow projections to assess our ability to recover the carrying value based on the ability to generate future cash flows. We may also conduct impairment testing based on both the guideline public company and guideline transaction methods. Our goodwill and long-lived assets impairment analyses are sensitive to changes in key assumptions used in our analysis, estimates of future crack spreads, forecasted 
 38 

Table of Content 

 production levels, operating costs and capital expenditures. If the assumptions used in our analysis are not realized, it is possible a material impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any additional impairments of goodwill or long-lived assets in the future. 
 
 As market prices for refined products and market prices for crude oil continue to fluctuate, we will need to continue to evaluate the carrying value of our refinery reporting units. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded long-lived asset impairment charges of 232.2 million that related to our Cheyenne Refinery, 26.5 million for construction-in-progress consisting primarily of engineering work for potential upgrades to certain processing units at our Tulsa and El Dorado Refineries and 204.7 million related to PCLI. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 81.9 million that related to Sonneborn. Although no impairment charges were taken in 2021 or 2022, a reasonable expectation exists that a deterioration in our operating results or overall economic conditions could result in an impairment of goodwill and / or additional long-lived asset impairments at some point in the future. Future impairment charges could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We sell many of our lubricants and specialty products through distributors, which presents risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 A large portion of our lubricants and specialty product sales, both in domestic and international markets, occur through distributors. As a result, we are dependent on these distributors to promote and create demand for our products. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in maintaining and strengthening our relationships with our distributors or establishing relationships with new distributors who have the ability to market, sell and support our products effectively. We may rely on one or more key distributors for a product or a region, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. The sales, business practices and reputation of our distributors may affect our business and our reputation. The consolidation of distributors, loss of a relationship with a distributor, significant disagreement with a distributor, or significant deterioration in the financial condition of a distributor could also have an adverse effect on our operating results and may also result in increased competition in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and the value of a stockholder s investment could be impacted. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 general economic, industry global and stock market conditions; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock or changes in financial estimates by analysts; 
 future sales of our common stock; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions; 
 sales of common stock by us, our senior officers, our affiliates or REH Company; and/or 
 the other factors described in these Risk Factors, specifically, the Risk Factor titled REH Company became a significant holder of our common stock following the completion of the Sinclair Transactions. 
 
 In recent years, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in our industry. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 
 We are subject to significant regulation and oversight by governmental agencies. 
 
 Regulation affects almost every part of our business. For instance, we are subject to laws and regulations related to working conditions, health and safety, equal employment opportunity, employee benefit and other labor and employment matters, and competition and antitrust matters. Our assets and operations are subject to regulation and oversight by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory authorities, including the FERC, Commodities Futures Trading Commission, EPA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the SEC and the United States Department of Justice, each of which may impose significant civil and criminal penalties to enforce compliance with its requirements. Any such regulatory violations could have a material adverse effect on our financial operating results including earnings, cash flow and liquidity. Further, our financial results may be 
 39 

Table of Content 

 materially affected by the adoption of new or amended financial accounting standards, and regulatory or outside auditor guidance or interpretations. 
 
 New laws, policies, regulations, rulemaking and oversight, unexpected policy changes or interpretations of existing laws or regulations as well as changes to those currently in effect, could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and operations. Legislative changes, as well as regulatory actions taken by these agencies, have the potential to adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, we could incur additional costs to comply with such statutes, rules, regulations and orders. Should we fail to comply with any applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders of regulatory authorities, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 We incur significant costs, and expect to incur additional costs in the future, to comply with existing, new and changing environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and face potential exposure for environmental matters. 
 
 Operations of our facilities, pipelines and distribution operations are subject to international, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations regarding, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and distribution of petroleum and hazardous substances by pipeline, truck, rail, ship and barge, the emission and discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, and characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, and other matters otherwise relating to the protection of human health and the environment, including climate change. Permits or other authorizations are required under these laws and regulations for the operation of our facilities, pipelines and related operations, and these permits and authorizations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal or may require operational changes, which may involve significant costs. A violation of permit conditions or a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties; the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations and the incurrence of capital expenditures; the occurrence of delays in the permitting or the denial of permits, development or expansion of projects; the issuance of injunctive relief limiting or prohibiting certain operations; and reputational harm. There is also the potential for liability for spill response and remediation, natural resource damage claims, and personal and property damage claims in the event of an oil or other refined product spill at a facility located near federal or state waters or a release of hazardous or other substances into the environment. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations could require major modifications of our operations, including expensive upgrades to our existing pollution control equipment, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. For example, implementation of the revised NAAQS for ozone could result in stricter permitting requirements, a delay in or inability to obtain required permits, and increased expenditures for pollution control equipment, the costs of which could be significant. Also, an EPA rule became effective in January 2018 that requires, among other things, benzene monitoring at refinery fence lines and submittal of fence line monitoring data to the EPA on a quarterly basis; upgraded storage tank controls requirements, including new applicability thresholds; enhanced performance requirements for flares, continuous monitoring of flares and pressure release devices, and analysis and remedy of flare release events; compliance with emissions standards for delayed coking units; and requirements related to air emissions resulting from startup, shutdown and maintenance events. These rules, as well as subsequent rulemaking under the CAA or similar laws, or new agency interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may necessitate additional expenditures in future years and result in increased costs on our operations. Updated or new determinations under the Endangered Species Act and comparable Canadian, federal and state laws could also impact our operations or those of our suppliers. Our operations and those of our suppliers could also be impacted by new or revised federal restrictions or laws pertaining to oil and gas operations on federal lands, which could include pauses on leasing, enhanced environmental reviews, and emissions regulations. Compliance with new international and domestic environmental laws, regulations and interpretations will continue to have an adverse impact on our operations, results of our operations and capital requirements. 
 
 As is the case with all companies engaged in industries similar to ours, we face potential exposure to future claims and lawsuits involving environmental matters. The matters include, but are not limited to, soil, groundwater and water discharges and contamination, air pollution, accident prevention and personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by substances which we processed, manufactured, handled, used, released or disposed and climate change. 
 
 We are and have been the subject of various local, state, provincial, federal, international and private proceedings relating to environmental regulations, conditions and inquiries. Instances of non-compliance with environmental regulations could require additional expenditures, including expenditures for investigation and remediation, which could be significant. 
 
 40 

Table of Content 

 Our operations are also subject to various international and domestic laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety, including for chemical accident prevention. We maintain safety, training and maintenance programs as part of our ongoing efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations but cannot guarantee that these efforts will always be successful. Compliance with applicable health and safety laws and regulations has required and continues to require substantial expenditures. Failure to appropriately manage occupational health and safety risks associated with our business could also adversely impact our employees, communities, stakeholders, reputation and results of operations. 
 
 The costs of environmental and safety regulations are already significant and compliance with more stringent laws or regulations or adverse changes in the interpretation of existing regulations by government agencies or courts could have an adverse effect on the financial position and the results of our operations and could require substantial expenditures for the installation and operation of systems and equipment that we do not currently possess. 
 
 We are also subject to existing, and may in the future be subject to new or changing, domestic and international energy policy legislation. For example, in the United States, the Energy Independence and Security Act mandates annually increasing levels for the use of renewable fuels such as ethanol and increasing energy efficiency goals, among other steps. Dutch policy also aims to increase the share of renewable energy used in transportation and reduce greenhouse gas emissions from transportation fuels. In Canada, fuel content legislation exists at the federal and provincial level. These statutory mandates may have the impact over time of offsetting projected increases in the demand for refined petroleum products, particularly gasoline, in certain markets. In the near term, the increasing renewable fuel standard obligations, as discussed in our Risk Factor titled Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations below, present ethanol production and logistics challenges for both the ethanol and refining industries and may require additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to accommodate increased ethanol use. Other legislative changes may similarly alter the expected demand and supply projections for refined petroleum products in ways that cannot be predicted. 
 
 For additional information on regulations and related liabilities or potential liabilities affecting our business, see Regulation under Items 1 and 2, Business and Properties, and Item 3, Legal Proceedings. 
 
 There are various risks associated with greenhouse gases and climate change that could result in increased operating costs and litigation and reduced demand for the refined products we produce and investment in our industry. 
 
 Climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other regions. Numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of greenhouse gases, or GHGs , to limit or eliminate future emissions, and to require or incentivize the use of lower carbon or renewable alternatives. As a result, our operations, and those of our customers, are subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation, and financial risks associated with the refining and the use of petroleum products and emission of GHGs. 
 
 The EPA has adopted rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas sources in the United States or require control or reduction of emissions of GHGs, including methane, from such sources. 
 
 In 2021, President Biden issued several executive orders that committed to substantial action on climate change, released the The Long-Term Strategy of the United States: Pathways to Net-Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions by 2050, which established a roadmap to net zero emissions in the United States by 2050 and called for, among other things, improving energy efficiency, decarbonizing energy sources, the increased use of zero-emission vehicles by the federal government, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry, and increased emphasis on climate-related risks across governmental agencies and economic sectors. In 2021 and 2022, the EPA announced proposals to further reduce GHG emissions primarily from oil production and natural gas production, transmission and storage that, if finalized, could increase the cost of domestic crude oil and natural gas. President Biden also reinstated the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases in 2021 and directed the group to publish interim estimates of the social cost of GHGs, which it did. In November 2022, the EPA published a draft report assigning new and higher social cost values to GHG emissions for use in its rulemaking initiatives. Additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as GHG cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, restriction of emissions, electric vehicle mandates and combustion engine phaseouts. See Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations below for more information on how these programs may impact us. 
 41 

Table of Content 

In March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that, if adopted, would require public companies to include certain climate-related disclosures in their registration statements and periodic reports, including information about climate-related risks, climate-related financial statement metrics, and greenhouse gas emissions. In November 2022, the Biden Administration issued a proposed rule that would require government contractors to publicly disclose their greenhouse gas emissions and set emissions reduction targets, which could affect us if we enter into contractual and business arrangements with government contractors. 
 
 Similar regulations exist at the provincial and federal levels in Canada, including a nation-wide GHG pricing initiative and regulations related to the control of GHGs from automobiles and light duty trucks and either cap and trade programs or carbon taxes at both federal and provincial levels. Canada s 2030 Emissions Reduction Plan issued pursuant to the Canadian Net-Zero Emissions Accountability Act, includes a projected contribution from the oil and gas sector of emissions reductions to 31 below 2005 levels in 2030 (or to 42 below 2019 levels) with an ultimate goal of achieving net zero emissions by 2050. At this time, the applicability to, and impact on, if any, our Canadian operations is not clear. 
 
 The Netherlands also participates in European legal initiatives, including GHG cap and trade programs. Furthermore, the Climate Act has come into effect with the goal of significantly reducing GHG emissions by 49 (compared to 1990) by 2030 and to be climate neutral by 2050. The Climate Act also establishes that the government must prepare a Climate Plan. This plan contains, among others, the principles by which the Dutch government intends to achieve the goals set out in the Climate Act. 
 
 At the international level, the United Nations-sponsored Paris Agreement requires member nations to limit their GHG emissions through nationally-determined reduction goals reevaluated every five years after 2020. The United States initially joined and then withdrew from such agreement in 2020. The United States rejoined the Paris Agreement in 2021 and issued its corresponding nationally determined contribution NDC to reduce economy-wide net GHG emissions to 50-52 below 2005 levels by 2030. While the NDC does not identify specific actions necessary to achieve these reductions, it lists several sectors as pathways for reductions, including the power, transportation, building, industrial, and agricultural sectors. The administration has acknowledged that a combination of regulatory actions and legislation will be necessary to achieve the U.S. NDC. EU member states have agreed to reduce emissions by at least 40 by 2030, and by at least 55 reduction in GHG emissions by 2030. They have also agreed to be climate neutral and climate sustainable by 2050. Moreover, following the United States reentry into Paris Agreement, the United States, the European Union and other partner countries have announced further pledges and agreements at several United Nations Climate Change Conference of Parties, including a pledge to reduce global methane emissions by 30 from 2020 to 2030 and a commitment to develop international standards for monitoring and reporting on methane emissions. 
 
 The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could require us to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements or otherwise result in decreased demand for the petroleum products we refine and produce. For example, in November 2021, the United States enacted a nearly 1 trillion bipartisan infrastructure law, which provided significant funding for electric vehicles and clean energy technologies, and in August 2022 the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which allocated 369 billion to climate change and environmental initiatives, including transportation electrification, fees on and greater regulation of methane emissions, and financial incentives for low or zero-carbon forms of energy, products, or processes, which could result in changes in consumer preferences or otherwise increase competition within our industry. In addition, several states have also taken steps to incentivize the production of electric vehicles or otherwise limit the sale of gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles. These and any future legislation or regulatory programs could increase the cost of consuming or otherwise reduce demand for, the refined petroleum products that we produce. Additionally, political, litigation and financial risks may result in curtailed refinery activity, increased liability, or other adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There are also increasing risks of litigation related to climate change effects. Governments and third-parties have brought suit against some fossil fuel companies alleging, among other things, that such companies created public and private nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to climate change, such as rising sea levels, and therefore are responsible for roadway and infrastructure damages as a result, or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but defrauded their investors or customers by failing to adequately disclose those impacts. In 2022, for example, the EPA announced an enforcement initiative targeting GHG compliance. In the Netherlands, The Hague District Court has ordered Royal Dutch Shell RDS to reduce the CO 2 emissions of the RDS group by net 45 by 2030, compared to 2019 levels, through the RDS group's corporate policy. Although this judgment is still subject to appeal, other environmental organizations may bring similar cases against other parties. While we are not party to such suits at this time, we may become subject to such litigation in the future. Such cases could also adversely impact public perception and the demand for fossil fuels and petroleum 
 42 

Table of Content 

 products, which could subsequently result in decreased demand for our services and refined products and a drop in our stock price. 
 
 In addition, increasing societal expectations for companies to address environmental issues, including climate change, and increased consumer use of substitutes to energy commodities may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products and our services, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock price and costs of and access to capital markets. To the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed on us without regard to our causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 
 
 Furthermore, our stock price could be adversely impacted if existing shareholders, including institutional investors, elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into renewable energy or non-energy related sectors based on social and environmental considerations. Additionally, there is the possibility that financial institutions may be pressured or required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. The Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero GFANZ recently announced commitments from over 550 firms around the world, resulting in over 130 trillion in capital committed to net zero goals. The various sub-alliances of GFANZ generally require participants to set short-term, sector-specific targets to transition their financing, investing, and/or underwriting activities to net zero emissions by 2050. More recently, in January 2023, the Federal Reserve published instructions for its first climate scenario exercise, which the six largest American banks are required to complete by July 31, 2023. Moreover, institutional lenders have been lobbied intensively, and often publicly, by environmental activists, proponents of the international Paris Agreement, and foreign citizenry concerned about climate change not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. Accordingly, limitation of investments in and financings for fossil fuel energy companies could result in the restriction, delay or cancellation of drilling programs or development or production activities, could result in a reduction of available capital funding for potential development projects and could also adversely affect demand for our services and refined petroleum products, all of which could adversely impact our future financial results. 
 
 Increasing attention to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may adversely impact our business, financial results, stock price or price of debt securities. 
 
 In recent years the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, universities, financial institutions, including institutional banks, lenders, and insurance companies, and other groups have become more attentive to ESG and sustainability related practices and have been lobbied intensively, and often publicly, by environmental activists concerned about climate change to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel energy companies. There has also been an increase in third-party providers of company ESG ratings, and more ESG-focused voting policies among proxy advisory firms, portfolio managers, and institutional investors. As a result, some investors, funds, financial institutions and other capital markets participants may screen companies such as ours for ESG performance before investing in our common stock or debt securities, or lending to us or have imposed restrictions upon or otherwise limited lending to, investing in, or providing insurance coverage for, companies that operate in industries with higher perceived environmental exposure, such as the energy industry. If we are unable to meet the ESG standards or investment, lending, ratings, or voting criteria and policies set by these parties, we may lose investors, investors may allocate a portion of their capital away from us, we may become a target for ESG-focused activism, we may face increased costs of or limitations on access to capital or insurance necessary to sustain or grow our business, the price of our common stock or debt securities may be adversely impacted, demand for our services and refined petroleum products may be adversely impacted, and our reputation may be adversely affected, all of which could adversely impact our future financial results. 
 
 Members of the investment community are also increasing their focus on ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to climate change, GHG emissions targets, business resilience under the assumptions of demand-constrained scenarios, and net-zero ambitions in the energy industry in particular, as well as diversity, equality, and inclusion initiatives, political activities, and governance standards among companies more generally. As a result, we may face increasing pressure or negative publicity regarding our ESG practices and disclosures and demands for ESG-focused engagement from investors, stakeholders, and other interested parties. This could result in higher costs, disruption and diversion of management attention, an increased strain on our resources, and the implementation of certain ESG practices or disclosures that may present a heightened level of legal and regulatory risk, or that threaten our credibility with other investors and stakeholders. 
 
 43 

Table of Content 

 Physical impacts of climate change could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Scientists have noted that changes in the environment may produce climate changes that have significant effects on the weather. These events, including but not limited to drought, winter storms, wildfire, tornados, extreme temperatures, extreme precipitation or flooding, may become more intense or more frequent as a result of climate change and could have an adverse effect on our continued operations as well as the operations of our suppliers and customers. Additionally, changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature, may result in changes to demand for our products. Our customers or suppliers may also be subject to similar risks, any of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or operations. 
 
 Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As described under Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties Additional Operations and Other Information Governmental Regulation Low Carbon Fuel Regulations, many international, federal, state, provincial and local governments have issued, or are considering issuing, low carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards to help reduce GHG emissions and increase the percentage of low-carbon fuels in the transportation fuel mix. 
 
 Pursuant to the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act, the EPA promulgated the RFS regulations reflecting the increased volume of renewable fuels mandated to be blended into the nation's fuel supply. The regulations, in part, require refiners to add annually increasing amounts of renewable fuels to their petroleum products or purchase credits, known as RINs, in lieu of such blending. We currently purchase RINs for some fuel categories on the open market in order to comply with the quantity of renewable fuels we are required to blend under the RFS regulations. Since the EPA first began mandating biofuels in excess of the blend wall (the 10 ethanol limit prescribed by most automobile warranties), the price of RINs has been extremely volatile. While we cannot predict the future prices of RINs, the costs to obtain the necessary number of RINs could be material. If we are unable to pass the costs of compliance with the RFS regulations on to our customers, if sufficient RINs are unavailable for purchase, if we have to pay a significantly higher price for RINs or if we are otherwise unable to meet the RFS mandates, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In the past, we have received small refinery exemptions under the RFS program for certain of our refineries. However, there is no assurance that such an exemption will be obtained for any of our refineries in future years. For example, the EPA has recently denied all pending small refinery exemption petitions on the belief that small refineries are able to pass through compliance costs to customers. Based on this new approach to evaluating exemption petitions, the EPA has indicated that it is unlikely to grant such exemptions in future years. The failure to obtain such exemptions for certain of our refineries could result in the need to purchase more RINs than we currently have estimated and accrued for in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In addition, the RFS regulations are highly complex and evolving, requiring us to periodically update our compliance systems. In December 2022, the EPA published proposed RFS regulations that would establish annual RVOs and percentage standards for 2023 through 2025 for cellulosic biofuel, biomass-based diesel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel, and requested comment on establishing standards for 2026. Although these regulations are not final, the proposed biofuel blending percentages are higher than previous years. Once the EPA finalizes the proposed RVOs, our blending percentages could be higher or lower than amounts estimated and accrued for in our consolidated financial statements. The future cost of RINs is difficult to estimate until such time as the EPA finalizes the applicable standards for the proposed compliance years, which is currently scheduled in June 2023. Moreover, in addition to increased price volatility in the RINs market, there have been multiple instances of RINs fraud occurring in the marketplace over the past several years. The EPA has initiated several enforcement actions against refiners who purchase fraudulent RINs, resulting in substantial costs to the refiner. We cannot predict with certainty our exposure to increased RINs costs in the future, nor can we predict the extent by which costs associated with RFS regulations will impact our future results of operations. 
 
 We strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, feedstock preferences, CI scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways. A significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in California and Canada. We are exposed to the volatility in the market price of Low Carbon Fuel Standard Program credits. We cannot predict the future prices of Low Carbon Fuel Standard Program credits. Prices for Low Carbon Fuel Standard Program credits are dependent upon a variety of factors, including, as applicable, changes in regulations, the availability of Low Carbon Fuel Standard Program credits for purchase, transportation fuel production levels, which can vary significantly each quarter, approved CI pathways, and CI scores. If an insufficient number of Low Carbon Fuel Standard Program credits are available for purchase, if we have to pay significantly higher prices for them, or if we are otherwise unable to meet other obligations under the Low Carbon Fuel Standards Programs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 44 

Table of Content 

In addition to state low carbon fuels standards (e.g., California LCFS, Oregon CFP and Washington CFS), and certain carbon cap and trade programs (e.g., Oregon CPP, and Washington CCA), we operate in multiple jurisdictions that have issued, or are considering issuing, similar low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards. The low-carbon fuel standards, carbon cap and trade programs and similar U.S. state and international low carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards are extremely complex, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls to maintain compliance, which could require significant expenditures, and presents an increased risk of administrative error. Our Refining segment could be materially and adversely affected if (i) we are unable to comply with these programs in the states where we sell our petroleum products or we incur a significant cost to comply or (ii) we are unable to continue to sell our products in markets where we currently sell our products. While these regulations, policies and standards may materially and adversely impact our Refining segment, they do create opportunity for our Renewables segment. As a result, our Renewables segment could be materially and adversely affected if (i) these regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed, not enforced, or discontinued, (ii) the benefits therefrom are reduced (such as the blender s tax credit and other incentives), (iii) any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance therewith, or (iv) we are unable to satisfy or maintain any approved pathways. Such changes could also negatively impact the economic assumptions and projections with respect to many of our Renewables segment investments and could have a material adverse impact on the returns achieved from those investments. 
 
 Increases in required fuel economy and regulation of CO 2 emissions from motor vehicles may reduce demand for transportation fuels. 
 
 The EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA are required to promulgate requirements regarding the Corporate Average Fuel Economy CAFE of the nation's passenger fleet. The EPA and NHTSA previously adopted such standards, which standards were subsequently revised in April 2022 to impose more stringent requirements for emissions reductions. These rulemakings will likely be subject to challenge by a variety of parties seeking even stricter GHG and CAFE standards. Additionally, several states are seeking to promote zero emission vehicles, such as electric vehicles, and to mandate transition away from internal combustion engines. In the Climate Agreement, EU countries expressed the ambition to achieve completely emission-free road traffic by 2050. In June 2022, the EU Parliament supported a proposal by the EU Commission that will only allow zero emission vehicles to be brought into the EU market as of 2035. Any further increases in fuel economy standards, along with mandated increases in use of renewable fuels discussed above, as well as electric vehicle mandates or combustion engine bans, could result in decreasing demand for petroleum fuels. Decreasing demand for petroleum fuels could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes and transactional taxes such as excise, sales and use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. In addition, many tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to interest and penalties. New tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, U.S. federal tax law provides various tax credits to producers of qualifying renewable fuels. These tax credits have the effect of making the production of qualifying renewable fuels more competitive by offsetting a portion of the production costs or by supplementing a portion of the revenue, but may be repealed by governmental action at any time. Alternatively, the types of renewable fuels to which these tax credits apply, as well as the applicable value, duration, and requirements, may be modified or amended by governmental action in a form where the types of fuel mixtures we produce are not eligible for the tax credits or are eligible for relatively less benefits than we anticipated. As a result, a loss of, or reduction in, U.S. federal tax credits for producers of qualifying renewable fuels could increase our production costs or decrease our revenues which, in turn, could adversely impact the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of our renewables business. 
 
 45 

Table of Content 

 RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY, DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 Our information technology systems, operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, communications networks, software integrated in our manufacturing and administrative processes, and customer data processed by us, third-party vendors or suppliers are subject to risks presented by cyber events, including incidents or breaches of security, any of which could prevent us or third parties we rely on from effectively operating our business, and could harm our reputation or materially adversely affect our company's assets, growth efforts, operations, facilities, business reputation or financial condition. 
 
 Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex information technology systems and other digital technologies for controlling our plants and pipelines, processing transactions and summarizing and reporting results of operations. The secure collection, processing, maintenance, storage, and transmission of information is critical to our operations. We are at risk for interruptions, outages and breaches of operational systems, including business, financial, accounting, product development, data processing or manufacturing processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; or third-party data that we process or our third-party partners process on our behalf. Such cyber incidents could materially disrupt or shut down operational systems; result in loss of, unauthorized access to, or copying or transfer of intellectual property assets, trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise certain information of customers, employees, suppliers or others; and jeopardize the security of our facilities. We monitor our information technology systems on a 24/7 basis in an effort to detect cyberattacks, security breaches or unauthorized access. Preventative and detective measures we utilize include independent cybersecurity audits and penetration tests. We implemented these efforts along with other risk mitigation procedures designed to detect and address unauthorized and damaging activity on our network, stay abreast of the increasing cybersecurity threat landscape and improve our cybersecurity posture, but there is no guarantee that such measures will be adequate to detect, prevent or mitigate cyber incidents. Any implementation, maintenance, segregation and improvement of our systems may require significant management time, support and cost and may not be effective or adequate. 
 
 A cyber incident could be caused by disasters, insiders (through inadvertence or with malicious intent) or malicious third parties (including nation-states or nation-state supported actors) using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception that are generally beyond our control despite our implementation of protective measures. While there have been immaterial incidents of unauthorized access to our information technology systems, we have not experienced any material impact on our business or operations from these attacks. In addition, information technology system failures, communications network disruptions, and security breaches could still impact equipment and software used to control plants and pipelines, resulting in improper operation of our assets or delays in the delivery or availability of our customers products, contamination or degradation of the products we transport, store or distribute, or releases of hydrocarbon products and other damage to our facilities for which we could be held liable. These information technology system failures, communications network disruptions, and security breaches could also cause us to breach our contractual arrangements with other parties, subject us to regulatory actions or litigation and harm our brand and business relationships. 
 
 Furthermore, we collect and store sensitive data in the ordinary course of our business, including personally identifiable information of our employees as well as our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers, investors and other stakeholders. We also work with third-party partners that may in the course of their business relationship with us collect, store, process and transmit such data on our behalf and in connection with our products and services offerings. Despite our security measures, our or our third-party partners information technology systems may become the target of cyberattacks or security breaches (including employee error, malfeasance or other intentional or unintentional breaches) which are generally beyond our control, which could result in the theft or loss of the stored information, misappropriation of assets, disruption of transactions and reporting functions, our ability to protect customer or company information and our financial reporting. Our efforts to improve security and protect data may result in increased capital and operating costs to modify, upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such cyber-attacks and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate security measures or mitigating potential harm. Moreover, as technologies evolve and cyberattacks become increasingly sophisticated, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or prevent cyberattacks or security breaches, particularly because the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or may not be recognized until after such attack is launched, and because attackers are increasingly using technologies specifically designed to circumvent cybersecurity measures and avoid detection. Even with insurance coverage for cyberattacks, data breaches or unauthorized access of our or a third-party partner s information technology systems, a claim could be denied or coverage delayed. Moreover, it is increasingly difficult to buy sufficient cyber insurance coverages as the insurance market has been limiting both liability under cyber policies and the issuance of said policies, generally. A cyberattack or security breach could result in liability under data privacy laws, regulatory penalties, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in our products and services, or additional costs for remediation and 
 46 

Table of Content 

 modification or enhancement of our information systems to prevent future occurrences, all of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to information technology system failures, communications network disruptions and data breaches that are generally beyond our control. 
 
 We depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of third-party hardware and software systems and infrastructure, including our operating, communications and financial reporting systems. These systems are critical in meeting customer expectations, effectively tracking, maintaining and operating our equipment, directing and compensating our employees, and interfacing with our financial reporting system. We have implemented safeguards and other preventative measures designed to protect our systems and data, including sophisticated network security and internal control measures; however, our information technology systems and communications network, and those of our information technology and communication service providers, remain vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, Internet failures, computer malware, ransomware, cyberattacks, data breaches and other events unforeseen or generally beyond our control. Additionally, the implementation of social distancing measures and other limitations on our employees, service providers and other third parties in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have necessitated in certain cases to switching to remote work arrangements on less secure systems and environments. The increase in companies and individuals working remotely has increased the risk of cyberattacks and potential cybersecurity incidents, both deliberate attacks and unintentional events. Any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from developing or manufacturing products or providing services, which could make our business and services less attractive and subject us to liability. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving global laws, regulations and security standards regarding data privacy, cybersecurity and data protection data protection obligations ). Many of these data protection obligations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and any real or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in claims, increased cost of operations, or other harm to our business. 
 
 The constantly evolving global regulatory and legislative environment surrounding data privacy and protection poses increasingly complex compliance challenges, and complying with such data protection obligations could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and enforcement risks. These laws also are not uniform, as certain laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. While we do not collect significant amounts of personal information from consumers, we do have personal information from our employees, job applicants and some business partners, such as contractors and distributors. Any failure, whether real or perceived, by us to comply with applicable data protection obligations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and adversely affect our business. Our compliance with laws such as the General Data Protection Regulation, and other similar data privacy/security laws, as well as any associated inquiries or investigations or any other government actions related to these laws, may increase our operating costs or subject us to legal and reputational risks, including significant fines, civil or criminal penalties or judgments, proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or customers, class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions and negative publicity. 
 
 47 

Table of Content 

 We may be unable to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property and may not be able to prevent third parties from unauthorized access or use of our intellectual property, which may increase our cost of doing business or otherwise hurt our ability to compete in the market. 
 
 We develop and use intellectual property in the ordinary course of our business, including trademarks, trade secrets, copyrighted work and innovations, some of which is material to our business. We take measures designed to identify and protect our intellectual property through practices appropriate for securing and protecting exclusive rights in and to our intellectual property, including applying for registrations in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property, it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may illegally obtain, copy, use or disclose our trademarks (or other marks likely to cause confusion among our consumers), technologies, products and processes or seek court declarations that they do not infringe, misappropriate, dilute, or otherwise violate our intellectual property. In addition, the laws and/or judicial systems and enforcement mechanisms of foreign jurisdictions in which we create, market and sell our products may afford little or no effective protection of our intellectual property. We may also be subject to infringement, misappropriation, dilution, or other violation complaints from others challenging our use of a technology or intellectual property right. We cannot guarantee that our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use and appropriation, or our efforts to defend against third party claims of infringement would be successful. These potential risks to our intellectual property and any failure to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property could subject us to increased competition and potentially result in the loss of our competitive advantage, resources, and customer trust, and negatively impact our brand. These risks could also lead to a decrease in our revenue which would negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties or are unable to license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to pay damages or could potentially lose license rights that are critical to our business. 
 
 We obtain rights and licenses to certain intellectual property, including technologies, data, content and software from third parties, that are important to our business, and in the future we may enter into additional agreements that provide us with rights or licenses to valuable intellectual property or technology. If a licensor alleges that we failed to comply with any of the obligations under our license agreements, we may be required to pay damages, enter costly litigation, and the licensor may have the right to terminate part of or all of the license. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights that may be difficult to acquire elsewhere, and could prevent us from selling, marketing, manufacturing, importing or producing our products and services, or inhibit our ability to commercialize future products and services. Our business could suffer if any current or future licenses are limited or terminated, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, if the licensed technology is found to infringe, misappropriate, dilute, or otherwise violate the rights of a third party, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing, misappropriating, diluting, or otherwise violating the licensor s or another party s rights. 
 
 In the future, we may identify additional third-party intellectual property that we believe is useful or necessary to engage in our business. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties based on sales of our products and services. Such royalties are a component of the cost of our products or services and may affect the attractiveness of and the margins on our products and services. In addition, such licenses may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same intellectual property licensed to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and on our ability to prevent others from interfering with commercialization of our products and services. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CREDIT 
 
 We may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms or at all because of volatility and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets. This may hinder or prevent us from meeting our future capital needs. 
 
 The domestic and global financial markets and economic conditions are disrupted and volatile from time to time due to a variety of factors, including low consumer confidence, high unemployment, geoeconomic and geopolitical issues, weak economic conditions and uncertainty in the financial services sector. In addition, the fixed-income markets have experienced periods of extreme volatility, which negatively impacted market liquidity conditions. As a result, the cost of raising money in 
 48 

Table of Content 

 the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially at times while the availability of funds from these markets diminished significantly. In particular, as a result of concerns about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of lending counterparties specifically, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets may increase as many lenders and institutional investors increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards, refuse to refinance existing debt on similar terms or at all and reduce, or in some cases cease to provide, funding to borrowers. In addition, lending counterparties under any existing revolving credit facility and other debt instruments may be unwilling or unable to meet their funding obligations, or we may experience a decrease in our capacity to issue debt or obtain commercial credit or a deterioration in our credit profile, including a rating agency lowering or withdrawing of our credit ratings if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. Due to these factors, we cannot be certain that new debt or equity financing will be available on acceptable terms. If funding is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to meet our obligations as they come due or we may be required to sell assets. Moreover, without adequate funding, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy, complete future acquisitions or construction projects, take advantage of other business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, comply with regulatory requirements, or meet our short-term or long-term working capital requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements in a timely manner or meet our short-term or long-term working capital requirements could subject us to regulatory action. 
 
 We are exposed to the credit risks, and certain other risks, of our key customers and vendors. 
 
 We are subject to risks of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from contracts with key customers. Additionally, certain key customers of the recently-acquired Puget Sound Refinery contribute significantly to the cash flows and profitability of that facility. Any default or delay in payment by, or disputes with, those customers could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 If any of our key customers default on their obligations to us, our financial results could be adversely affected. Furthermore, some of our customers may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks. For example, in a low commodity price environment, certain of our customers have been or could be negatively impacted, causing them significant economic stress and resulting in an increase in nonpayment and/or nonperformance by them. Any such default or delay in payment by our customers could negatively affect our operating results in the periods in which they occur, and, if significant, could materially or adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, nonperformance by vendors who have committed to provide us with products or services could result in higher costs or interfere with our ability to successfully conduct our business. 
 
 Any substantial increase in the nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers or vendors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in our credit profile, or a significant increase in the price of crude oil, may affect our relationship with our suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and limit our ability to purchase sufficient quantities of crude oil to operate our refineries at desired capacity. 
 
 An unfavorable credit profile, or a significant increase in the price of crude oil, could affect the way crude oil suppliers view our ability to make payments and induce them to shorten the payment terms of their invoices with us or require credit enhancement. Due to the large dollar amounts and volume of our crude oil and other feedstock purchases, any imposition by our suppliers of more burdensome payment terms or credit enhancement requirements on us may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our ability to make payments to our suppliers. This in turn could cause us to be unable to operate our refineries at desired capacity. A failure to operate our refineries at desired capacity could adversely affect our profitability and cash flow. 
 
 49 

Table of Content 

 Our credit facility contains certain covenants and restrictions that may constrain our business and financing activities. 
 
 The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facility and any future financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage, expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our revolving credit facility imposes usual and customary requirements for this type of credit facility, including: (i) limitations on liens and indebtedness; (ii) a prohibition on changes in control and (iii) restrictions on engaging in mergers and consolidations. If we fail to satisfy the covenants set forth in the credit facility or another event of default occurs under the credit facility, the maturity of the loan could be accelerated or we could be prohibited from borrowing for our future working capital needs and issuing letters of credit. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these immediate payments. If we desire to undertake a transaction that is prohibited by the covenants in our credit facility, we will need to obtain consent under our credit facility. Such refinancing may not be possible or may not be available on commercially acceptable terms. 
 
 Our hedging transactions may limit our gains and expose us to other risks. 
 
 We periodically enter into derivative transactions as it relates to inventory levels and/or future production to manage the risks from changes in the prices of crude oil, refined products and other feedstocks. These transactions limit our potential gains if commodity prices move above or below the certain price levels established by our hedging instruments. We hedge price risk on inventories above our target levels to minimize the impact these price fluctuations have on our earnings and cash flows. Consequently, our hedging results may fluctuate significantly from one reporting period to the next depending on commodity price fluctuations and our relative physical inventory positions. These transactions may also expose us to risks of financial losses; for example, if our production is less than we anticipated at the time we entered into a hedge agreement or if a counterparty to our hedge agreements fails to perform its obligations under the agreements. 
 
 We may be unable to pay future dividends. 
 
 We will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand, cash from operations or borrowings under our credit agreement. The declaration of future dividends on our common stock is evaluated quarterly and will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, and restrictions in our debt agreements and legal requirements. We cannot assure you that any dividends will be paid or the frequency or amounts of such payments. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 We do not have any unresolved staff comments. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Commitment and Contingency Reserves 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may become party to legal, regulatory or administrative proceedings or governmental investigations, including environmental and other matters. Damages or penalties may be sought from us in some matters and certain matters may require years to resolve. While the outcome and impact of these proceedings and investigations on us cannot be predicted with certainty, based on advice of counsel and information currently available to us, management believes that the resolution of these proceedings and investigations through settlement or adverse judgment will not either individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The environmental proceedings are reported to comply with SEC regulations which require us to disclose proceedings arising under provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or protecting the environment when a governmental authority is party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe could exceed 300,000 or more. 
 
 50 

Table of Content 

 Environmental Matters 
 
 Navajo 
 HollyFrontier Navajo Refining LLC (now known as HF Sinclair Navajo Refining LLC HFS Navajo )) has been engaged in discussions with, and has responded to document requests from, the EPA, the DOJ and the New Mexico Environment Department NMED (collectively, the Agencies regarding HFS Navajo s compliance with the Clean Air Act CAA and underlying regulations, and similar New Mexico laws and regulations, at its Artesia and Lovington, New Mexico refineries. The discussions have included the following topics: (a) alleged noncompliance with CAA s National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP and New Source Performance Standards NSPS at the Artesia refinery, which were set forth in a Notice of Violation May 2020 NOV issued by the EPA in May 2020; (b) a Post Inspection Notice issued in June 2020 by the NMED, alleging noncompliance issues similar to those alleged by the EPA in its May 2020 NOV as well as alleged noncompliance with the State Implementation Plan SIP and the Title V permit operating programs; (c) an information request issued in September 2020 by the EPA, pursuant to CAA Section 114, related to benzene fenceline monitoring, flare fuel gas, leak detection and repair, storage vessels and tanks, and other information regarding the Artesia refinery; (d) an information request issued by the EPA in May 2021, pursuant to CAA Section 114, requesting additional information and testing related to certain tanks at the Artesia refinery; and (e) informal information requests related to, among other things, the Artesia refinery s wastewater treatment plant, oil water separators and heat exchangers. In April 2022, the EPA alleged additional CAA noncompliance at the Artesia refinery beyond the allegations in the May 2020 NOV, including alleged noncompliance with NESHAP, NSPS, SIP, Title V and other requirements. 
 
 Beginning in the spring of 2021, HFS Navajo and the Agencies began monthly meetings to discuss potential injunctive relief measures to address the alleged noncompliance at the Artesia refinery. In September 2021, the EPA presented to HFS Navajo potential claims for stipulated penalties for alleged noncompliance with a 2002 consent decree. 
 
 HFS Navajo continues to work with the Agencies to resolve these issues. At this time, no penalties have been demanded, and it is too early to predict the outcome of this matter. 
 
 Port of Seattle 
 In October 2017, Sinclair Oil received a Notice of Claim from the Port of Seattle alleging Sinclair Oil s responsibility for the clean-up of 12.5 million gallons of bunker fuel improperly disposed of at a facility in the Port of Seattle from 1977 to 1980. Sinclair Oil responded that it did sell bunker fuel for use as a fuel for ships at the Port of Seattle during this time frame but not for disposal as is being alleged. In late 2018, Sinclair Oil received a demand letter from the Port of Seattle. Sinclair Oil and the Port of Seattle entered into a tolling agreement in mid-2019. The parties have exchanged offers, and Sinclair Oil is awaiting a response to its last offer made in August 2020. It is too early to predict the outcome of this matter. 
 
 Renewable Fuel Standard 
 
 On April 7, 2022, the EPA issued a decision reversing the grant of small refinery exemptions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2018 compliance year. On June 3, 2022, the EPA issued a decision reversing the grant of small refinery exemptions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2016 compliance year and denying small refinery exemption petitions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2019 and 2020 compliance years. 
 
 Various subsidiaries of HollyFrontier are currently pursuing legal challenges to the EPA s decisions to reverse its grant of small refinery exemptions for the 2016 and 2018 compliance years. The first lawsuit, filed against the EPA on May 6, 2022 and currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, seeks to have the EPA s reversal of our 2018 small refinery exemption petitions overturned. The second lawsuit, filed against the EPA on August 5, 2022 and currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, seeks to have the EPA s reversal of our 2016 small refinery exemption petitions overturned and to have the EPA s denial of our 2019 and 2020 small refinery exemption petitions reversed. 
 
 In addition, for both the 2016 and 2018 compliance years, pursuant to the June 2022 and April 2022 decisions, respectively, the EPA established an alternative compliance demonstration for small refineries pursuant to which the EPA is not imposing any obligations for the small refineries whose exemptions were reversed. On June 24, 2022, Growth Energy filed two lawsuits in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit against the EPA challenging the alternative compliance demonstration for the 2016 and 2018 compliance years. On July 25, 2022, various subsidiaries of HollyFrontier intervened on behalf of the EPA to aid the defense of the EPA s alternative compliance demonstration decision. 
 
 It is too early to predict the outcome of these matters. 
 
 51 

Table of Content 

 Other 
 
 We are a party to various other litigation and proceedings that we believe, based on advice of counsel, will not either individually or in the aggregate have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 52 

Table of Content 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol DINO. 
 
 In September 2022, our Board of Directors approved a 1.0 billion share repurchase program, which replaced all existing share repurchase programs. This share repurchase program authorizes us to repurchase common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. Privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company (formerly known as The Sinclair Companies) are also authorized under the share repurchase program, subject to REH Company s interest in selling its shares and other limitations. The timing and amount of share repurchases, including those from REH Company, will depend on market conditions and corporate, tax, regulatory and other relevant considerations. This program may be discontinued at any time by our Board of Directors. The following table includes repurchases made under this program during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs October 2022 946,911 54.70 946,911 848,199,339 November 2022 2,391,249 61.69 2,391,249 700,689,691 December 2022 (1) 
 1,767,354 49.37 767,354 662,037,439 Total for October to December 2022 5,105,514 4,105,514 
 
 (1) On December 14, 2022, we repurchased 1,000,000 shares pursuant to separate authorization from our Board of Directors and not as part of our 1.0 billion share repurchase program. This repurchase was made in connection with the sale by REH Company of approximately 5,000,000 shares of common stock, inclusive of the 1,000,000 shares we repurchased in an unregistered block trade permitted under applicable securities laws. 
 
 As of February 15, 2023 , we had approximately 130,876 stockholders, including beneficial owners holding shares in street name. 
 
 We intend to consider the declaration of a dividend on a quarterly basis, although there is no assurance as to future dividends since they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements, our financial condition and other factors. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This Item 7 contains forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this document, the words we, our, ours and us refer only to HF Sinclair and its consolidated subsidiaries or to HF Sinclair or an individual subsidiary and not to any other person with certain exceptions. Generally, the words we, our, ours and us include HEP and its subsidiaries as consolidated subsidiaries of HF Sinclair, unless when used in disclosures of transactions or obligations between HEP and HF Sinclair or its other subsidiaries. This document contains certain disclosures of agreements that are specific to HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not necessarily represent obligations of HF Sinclair. When used in descriptions of agreements and transactions, HEP refers to HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods prior to March 14, 2022 refer to HollyFrontier and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods from and after March 14, 2022 include the operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. Unless otherwise specified, the financial statements included herein include financial information for HF Sinclair, which for the time period from March 14, 2022 to December 31, 2022 includes the combined business operations of HollyFrontier and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 

53 

Table of Content 

 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are an independent energy company that produces and markets high-value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel and other specialty products. We own and operate refineries located in Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Washington, Utah and Wyoming. We market our refined products principally in the Southwest United States, the Rocky Mountains extending into the Pacific Northwest and in other neighboring Plains states. We supply high-quality fuels to more than 1,500 branded stations and license the use of the Sinclair brand at more than 300 additional locations throughout the country. In addition, our subsidiaries produce and market base oils and other specialized lubricants in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands, and export products to more than 80 countries. Through our subsidiaries, we produce renewable diesel at two of our facilities in Wyoming and our facility in New Mexico. We also own a 47 limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP, a master limited partnership that provides petroleum product and crude oil transportation, terminalling, storage and throughput services to the petroleum industry, including HF Sinclair subsidiaries. 
 
 Market Developments 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders was 2,922.7 million compared to net income of 558.3 million and net loss of 601.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Gross refining margin per produced barrel sold in our Refining segment for 2022 increased 146 over the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were favorably impacted by continued strong global economic activity with global demand for transportation fuels, lubricants and the transportation and terminal services having returned to pre-pandemic levels. Following the rapid increases in crude oil prices and market crack spreads in the first half of the year, crude oil prices and market crack spreads remained at a high level as a result of continued robust demand and the global supply disruption related to actions taken in response to both the COVID-19 pandemic and sanctions imposed on Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. We continue to adjust our operational plans to the evolving market conditions. The extent to which our future results are affected by volatile regional and global economic or geopolitical conditions or the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on various factors and consequences beyond our control. 
 
 Sinclair Acquisition 
 On March 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), HollyFrontier and HEP announced the establishment of HF Sinclair as the new parent holding company of HollyFrontier and HEP and their subsidiaries, and the completion of their respective acquisitions of Sinclair Oil Corporation (now known as Sinclair Oil LLC, Sinclair Oil and Sinclair Transportation Company LLC STC from The Sinclair Companies (now known as REH Company and referred to herein as REH Company ). On the Closing Date, HF Sinclair completed its previously announced acquisition of Sinclair Oil by effecting (a) a holding company merger with HollyFrontier surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair (the HFC Merger and (b) immediately following the HFC Merger, a contribution whereby REH Company contributed all of the equity interests of Hippo Holding LLC (now known as Sinclair Holding LLC), the parent company of Sinclair Oil (the Target Company to HF Sinclair in exchange for 60,230,036 shares of HF Sinclair common stock, resulting in the Target Company becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair (the HFC Transactions ). At the effective time of the HFC Merger, all of HollyFrontier s outstanding shares were automatically converted into equivalent corresponding shares of HF Sinclair, and HF Sinclair became the successor issuer to HollyFrontier pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and replaced HollyFrontier as the public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol DINO. 
 
 HF Sinclair acquired REH Company s refining, branded marketing, renewables, and midstream businesses. The branded marketing business supplies high-quality fuels to more than 1,300 Sinclair branded stations and licenses the use of the Sinclair brand at more than 300 additional locations throughout the United States. The renewables business includes the operation of a renewable diesel unit located in Sinclair, Wyoming. The refining business includes two Rocky Mountains-based refineries located in Casper, Wyoming and Sinclair, Wyoming. Under the terms of the Contribution Agreement, HEP acquired STC, REH Company s integrated crude and refined products pipelines and terminal assets, including approximately 1,200 miles of integrated crude and refined product pipeline supporting the Sinclair refineries and third parties, eight product terminals and two crude terminals with approximately 4.5 million barrels of operated storage. In addition, HEP acquired STC s interests in three pipeline joint ventures for crude gathering and product offtake including: Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC (25.06 non-operated interest); Pioneer Investments Corp. (49.995 non-operated interest); and UNEV Pipeline, LLC UNEV (the 25 non-operated interest not already owned by HEP, resulting in UNEV becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP). The addition of Sinclair Oil and STC to the HollyFrontier business created a combined company with increased scale and ability to diversify and is expected to drive growth through the expanded refining and renewables business. In addition, the HFC Transactions added an integrated branded wholesale distribution network to our business. 
 54 

Table of Content 

See Note 2 Acquisitions and Note 4 Holly Energy Partners in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Puget Sound Refinery Acquisition 
 On May 4, 2021, HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC (now known as HF Sinclair Puget Sound Refining LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of HollyFrontier, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Equilon Enterprises LLC d/b/a Shell Oil Products US Shell to acquire Shell's Puget Sound refinery and related assets, including the on-site cogeneration facility and related logistics assets. The acquisition closed on November 1, 2021. 
 
 Renewable Fuel Standard Regulations 
 Pursuant to the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act, the EPA promulgated the RFS regulations, which increased the volume of renewable fuels mandated to be blended into the nation s fuel supply. The regulations, in part, require refiners to add annually increasing amounts of renewable fuels to their petroleum products or purchase credits, known as RINs, in lieu of such blending. Compliance with RFS regulations significantly increases our cost of products sold, with RINs costs totaling 903.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our open RINs credit obligations were 81.2 million. See Note 2 Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on RINs credit obligations assumed in the Sinclair Transactions. 
 
 Under the RFS regulations, the EPA is required to set annual volume targets of renewable fuels that obligated parties, such as us, must blend into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the United States. These volume requirements are used to determine an obligated party s renewable volume obligation RVO ). The EPA released a final rule on June 3, 2022 that, among other things, reduced the volume targets for 2020 and established targets for 2021 and 2022. In 2020, we recognized the cost of the RVO using the 2020 volume targets set by the EPA at that time, and in 2021 and the three months ended March 31, 2022, we recognized the cost of the RVO using our estimates. As a result of the final rule released by the EPA on June 3, 2022 as noted above, we recognized a benefit of 72.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the modification of the 2020 and 2021 volume targets. 
 
 Recent U.S. Tax Legislation 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "Inflation Reduction Act") into law. The Inflation Reduction Act includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax (the "Corporate AMT") of 15 on the adjusted financial statement income ("AFSI") of corporations with average AFSI exceeding 1.0 billion over a three-year period. The Corporate AMT is effective for us beginning January 1, 2023. We are evaluating the Corporate AMT and its potential impact on our future U.S. tax expense, cash taxes, and effective tax rate. The Inflation Reduction Act also extends the federal blender s tax credit at the current rate of 1 per gallon for renewable diesel through the end of 2024. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act imposes an excise tax of 1 tax on the fair market value of net stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The impact of this provision will be dependent on the extent of net share repurchases made after January 1, 2023. 

OUTLOOK 
 
 Within our Refining segment, for the first quarter of 2023, we expect to run between 500,000 530,000 barrels per day of crude oil. This guidance reflects the lingering effects of winter weather events and planned maintenance activities at our Puget Sound, Woods Cross and El Dorado Refineries during the period. Refined product margins are expected to remain healthy driven by constrained refined product supply in the markets we serve. 
 
 Within our Renewables segment, for the first quarter of 2023, we expect to continue to increase throughputs by optimizing our operations, and we expect to achieve normalized run rates in the second half of the year. 
 
 Within our Marketing segment, we expect similar growth in the number of sites we achieved in 2022 to continue in 2023. 
 
 Within our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment, we expect strong demand for base oils and finished products and the recent trends related to the FIFO impact of higher priced feedstocks experienced in the second half of 2022 will continue in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 HEP remains committed to its capital allocation strategy focused on funding all capital expenditures and distributions within operating cash flow, with the goal of achieving its leverage target of 3.0 - 3.5x and distributable cash flow coverage of 1.3x or greater in mid-2023. 
 
 55 

Table of Content 

 In September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new 1.0 billion share repurchase program, and we expect to actively repurchase shares throughout the first quarter of 2023. On February 23, 2023, our Board of Directors also declared a regular quarterly dividend in the amount of 0.45 per share, an increase of 0.05 over our previous dividend of 0.40 per share. The dividend is payable on March 17, 2023 to holders of record of common stock on March 7, 2023. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the U.S. government passed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), an approximately 2 trillion stimulus package that included various provisions intended to provide relief to individuals and businesses in the form of tax changes, loans and grants, among others. At this time, we have not sought relief in the form of loans or grants from the CARES Act. During the second quarter of 2022, we received 83 million in cash tax benefit from the net operating loss carryback provisions under the CARES Act. We have received all the carryback claims related to the CARES Act. 
 
 A more detailed discussion of our financial and operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented in the following sections. Discussions of year-over-year comparisons for 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of HollyFrontier s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

56 

Table of Content 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Financial Data Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Sales and other revenues 38,204,839 18,389,142 11,183,643 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of products sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization): Cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment) 
 30,680,013 15,567,052 9,158,805 Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment 52,412 (310,123) 78,499 30,732,425 15,256,929 9,237,304 Operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 2,334,893 1,517,478 1,300,277 Selling, general and administrative expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 426,485 362,010 313,600 Depreciation and amortization 656,787 503,539 520,912 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairments 545,293 Total operating costs and expenses 34,150,590 17,639,956 11,917,386 Income (loss) from operations 4,054,249 749,186 (733,743) Other income (expense): Earnings (loss) of equity method investments (260) 12,432 6,647 Interest income 30,179 4,019 7,633 Interest expense (175,628) (125,175) (126,527) Gain on business interruption insurance settlement 15,202 81,000 Gain on tariff settlement 51,500 Gain on sales-type leases 33,834 Gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt 604 (25,915) Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions (1,637) (2,938) 2,201 Gain on sale of assets and other 13,337 98,128 7,824 (118,203) 37,966 (13,303) Income (loss) before income taxes 3,936,046 787,152 (747,046) Income tax expense (benefit) 894,872 123,898 (232,147) Net income (loss) 3,041,174 663,254 (514,899) Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 118,506 104,930 86,549 Net income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders 2,922,668 558,324 (601,448) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic 14.28 3.39 (3.72) Diluted 14.28 3.39 (3.72) Cash dividends declared per common share 1.20 0.35 1.40 Average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 202,566 162,569 161,983 Diluted 202,566 162,569 161,983 
 
 Other Financial Data Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 3,777,159 406,682 457,931 Net cash used for investing activities (774,488) (1,327,219) (330,162) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (1,560,759) (211,803) 353,226 Capital expenditures 524,007 813,409 330,160 EBITDA (1) 
 4,619,776 1,306,917 (193,789) 
 
 57 

Table of Content 

 (1) Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which we refer to as EBITDA, is calculated as net income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders plus (i) income tax provision, (ii) interest expense, net of interest income and (iii) depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is not a calculation provided for under GAAP; however, the amounts included in the EBITDA calculation are derived from amounts included on our consolidated financial statements. EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income or operating income as an indication of our operating performance or as an alternative to operating cash flow as a measure of liquidity. EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. EBITDA is presented here because it is a widely used financial indicator used by investors and analysts to measure performance. EBITDA is also used by our management for internal analysis and as a basis for financial covenants. EBITDA presented above is reconciled to net income under Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Supplemental Segment Operating Data 
 Our operations are organized into five reportable segments, Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants and Specialty Products and HEP. See Note 20 Segment Information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our reportable segments. 
 
 Refining Segment Operating Data 
 
 The disaggregation of our refining geographic operating data is presented in two regions, Mid-Continent and West, to best reflect the economic drivers of our refining operations. The Mid-Continent region is comprised of the El Dorado and Tulsa Refineries. The West region is comprised of the Puget Sound, Navajo, Woods Cross, Parco and Casper Refineries. The Puget Sound Refinery was acquired November 1, 2021, and thus is included for the period November 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. In addition, the refinery operations of the Parco and Casper Refineries are included for the period March 14, 2022 (date of acquisition) through December 31, 2022. The following tables set forth information, including non-GAAP performance measures, about our consolidated refinery operations. The refinery gross and net operating margins do not include the non-cash effects of long-lived asset impairment charges, lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments and depreciation and amortization. Reconciliations to amounts reported under GAAP are provided under Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 (8) 
 2021 (9) 
 2020 Mid-Continent Region Crude charge (BPD) (1) 
 283,160 260,350 241,140 Refinery throughput (BPD) (2) 
 299,380 276,430 257,030 Sales of produced refined products (BPD) (3) 
 280,800 265,470 248,320 Refinery utilization (4) 
 108.9 100.1 92.7 Average per produced barrel sold (5) 
 Refinery gross margin 22.01 9.44 5.17 Refinery operating expenses (6) 
 6.19 6.42 5.46 Net operating margin 15.82 3.02 (0.29) Refinery operating expenses per throughput barrel (7) 
 5.81 6.17 5.27 
 Feedstocks: Sweet crude oil 58 61 58 Sour crude oil 20 15 19 Heavy sour crude oil 16 18 17 Other feedstocks and blends 6 6 6 Total 100 100 100 
 
 58 

Table of Content 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 (8) 
 2021 (9) 
 2020 Mid-Continent Region Sales of refined products: Gasolines 51 52 52 Diesel fuels 33 33 34 Jet fuels 6 5 4 Fuel oil 1 1 1 Asphalt 3 3 3 Base oils 4 4 4 LPG and other 2 2 2 Total 100 100 100 
 West Region Crude charge (BPD) (1) 
 323,820 140,370 124,050 Refinery throughput (BPD) (2) 
 347,590 155,440 138,050 Sales of produced refined products (BPD) (3) 
 347,540 158,630 143,350 Refinery utilization (4) 
 81.4 82.7 85.6 Average per produced barrel sold (5) 
 Refinery gross margin 30.64 13.32 10.97 Refinery operating expenses (6) 
 9.31 8.09 7.07 Net operating margin 21.33 5.23 3.90 Refinery operating expenses per throughput barrel (7) 
 9.31 9.27 7.34 
 Feedstocks: Sweet crude oil 28 22 30 Sour crude oil 50 58 49 Heavy sour crude oil 10 1 Black wax crude oil 5 10 11 Other feedstocks and blends 7 9 10 Total 100 100 100 
 Sales of refined products: Gasolines 53 54 56 Diesel fuels 32 35 35 Jet fuels 5 1 Fuel oil 3 3 3 Asphalt 3 4 4 LPG and other 4 3 2 Total 100 100 100 
 Consolidated Crude charge (BPD) (1) 
 606,980 400,720 365,190 Refinery throughput (BPD) (2) 
 646,970 431,870 395,080 Sales of produced refined products (BPD) (3) 
 628,340 424,100 391,670 Refinery utilization (4) 
 92.3 93.1 90.2 Average per produced barrel (5) 
 Refinery gross margin 26.78 10.89 7.29 Refinery operating expenses (6) 
 7.92 7.04 6.05 Net operating margin 18.86 3.85 1.24 Refinery operating expenses per throughput barrel (7) 
 7.69 6.92 6.00 
 59 

Table of Content 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 (8) 
 2021 (9) 
 2020 Feedstocks: Sweet crude oil 42 47 48 Sour crude oil 36 31 29 Heavy sour crude oil 13 12 11 Black wax crude oil 3 4 4 Other feedstocks and blends 6 6 8 Total 100 100 100 
 Sales of refined products: Gasolines 52 53 54 Diesel fuels 32 34 34 Jet fuels 6 4 3 Fuel oil 2 1 1 Asphalt 3 3 4 Base oils 2 2 2 LPG and other 3 3 2 Total 100 100 100 
 
 (1) Crude charge represents the barrels per day of crude oil processed at our refineries. 
 (2) Refinery throughput represents the barrels per day of crude and other refinery feedstocks input to the crude units and other conversion units at our refineries. 
 (3) Represents barrels sold of refined products produced at our refineries (including Asphalt and inter-segment sales) and does not include volumes of refined products purchased for resale or volumes of excess crude oil sold. 
 (4) Represents crude charge divided by total crude capacity (BPSD). As a result of our acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery on November 1, 2021, our consolidated crude capacity increased from 405,000 BPSD at December 31, 2020 to 554,000 BPSD at December 31, 2021, and further increased to 678,000 BPSD at December 31, 2022 as a result of our acquisition of the Parco and Casper Refineries on March 14, 2022. 
 (5) Represents average amount per produced barrel sold, which is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliations to amounts reported under GAAP are provided under Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 (6) Represents total Mid-Continent and West regions operating expenses, exclusive of long-lived asset impairment charges and depreciation and amortization, divided by sales volumes of refined products produced at our refineries. 
 (7) Represents total Mid-Continent and West regions operating expenses, exclusive of long-lived asset impairment charges and depreciation and amortization, divided by refinery throughput. 
 (8) We acquired the Parco and Casper Refineries on March 14, 2022. Refining operating data for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes crude oil and feedstocks processed and refined products sold at our Parco and Casper Refineries for the period March 14, 2022 through December 31, 2022 only, averaged over the 365 days in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (9) We acquired the Puget Sound Refinery on November 1, 2021. Refining operating data for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes crude oil and feedstocks processed and refined products sold at our Puget Sound Refinery for the period November 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 only, averaged over the 365 days in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

60 

Table of Content 

 Renewables Operating Data 
 
 The following table sets forth information about our renewables operations and includes our Sinclair businesses for the period March 14, 2022 (the date of acquisition) through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Renewables Sales volumes (in thousand gallons) 136,204 Average per produced gallon (1) 
 Renewables gross margin 0.30 Renewables operating expenses (2) 
 0.82 Net operating margin (0.52) 
 
 (1) Represents average amount per produced gallon sold, which is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliations to amounts reported under GAAP are provided under Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 (2) Represents total Renewables segment operating expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, divided by sales volumes of renewable diesel produced at our renewable diesel units. 

Marketing Operating Data 
 
 The following table sets forth information about our Marketing operations and includes our Sinclair businesses for the period March 14, 2022 (the date of acquisition) through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Marketing Number of branded sites at period end (1) 
 1,513 Sales volumes (in thousand gallons) 1,118,444 Margin per gallon of sales (2) 
 0.06 
 
 (1) Includes 131 non-Sinclair branded sites from legacy HollyFrontier agreements. 
 (2) Represents average amount per gallon sold, which is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliations to amounts reported under GAAP are provided under Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K. 

Lubricants and Specialty Products Segment Operating Data 
 
 The following table sets forth information about our lubricants and specialty products operations. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Lubricants and Specialty Products Throughput (BPD) 18,330 19,177 19,645 Sales of produced barrels sold (BPD) 32,530 34,016 32,902 Sales of produced refined products: Finished products 51 51 49 Base oils 28 27 26 Other 21 22 25 Total 100 100 100 
 
 61 

Table of Content 

 Supplemental financial data attributable to our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment is presented below: 
 Rack Back (1) 
 Rack Forward (2) 
 Eliminations (3) 
 Total Lubricants and Specialty Products (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Sales and other revenues 1,254,929 2,859,718 (956,047) 3,158,600 Cost of products sold 958,537 2,330,666 (956,047) 2,333,156 Operating expenses 135,275 142,247 277,522 Selling, general and administrative expenses 23,511 144,696 168,207 Depreciation and amortization 30,148 53,299 83,447 Income from operations 107,458 188,810 296,268 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Sales and other revenues 1,005,152 2,378,332 (822,872) 2,560,612 Cost of products sold 646,107 1,992,567 (822,872) 1,815,802 Operating expenses 120,750 131,706 252,456 Selling, general and administrative expenses 27,071 143,084 170,155 Depreciation and amortization 28,093 51,674 79,767 Income from operations 183,131 59,301 242,432 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Sales and other revenues 505,424 1,667,809 (370,023) 1,803,210 Cost of products sold 
 456,194 1,185,116 (370,023) 1,271,287 Operating expenses 96,463 119,605 216,068 Selling, general and administrative expenses 22,276 135,540 157,816 Depreciation and amortization 29,071 51,585 80,656 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairments (4) 
 167,017 119,558 286,575 Income (loss) from operations (265,597) 56,405 (209,192) 
 
 (1) Rack back consists of our PCLI base oil production activities, by-product sales to third parties and intra-segment base oil sales to rack forward. 
 (2) Rack forward activities include the purchase of base oils from rack back and the blending, packaging, marketing and distribution and sales of finished lubricants and specialty products to third parties. 
 (3) Intra-segment sales of rack back produced base oils to rack forward are eliminated under the Eliminations column. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2020, a goodwill impairment charge of 81.9 million was recorded in rack forward. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2020, a long-lived asset impairment charge of 204.7 million was recorded of which 167.0 million was in rack back and 37.7 million was in rack forward. 

Results of Operations - Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Summary 
 Net income attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,922.7 million 14.28 per basic and diluted share), a 2,364.3 million increase compared to net income of 558.3 million 3.39 per basic and diluted share) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net income was principally driven by stronger product demand, higher sales prices and the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses, which resulted in higher refined product sales volumes and an increase in refinery gross margins. Lower of cost or market inventory reserve adjustments decreased pre-tax earnings by 52.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and increased pre-tax earnings by 310.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by winter storm Uri, which increased natural gas costs across our refining system. Refinery gross margins for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 26.78 per produced barrel from 10.89 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 62 

Table of Content 

 Sales and Other Revenues 
 Sales and other revenues increased 108 from 18,389.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 38,204.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 principally due to the increase in sales prices and higher refined product sales volumes, in part due to the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. Sales and other revenues included 3,911.9 million, 3,149.1 million and 654.9 million in unaffiliated revenues related to our Marketing, Lubricants and Specialty Products and Renewables segments, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Sales and other revenues included 2,550.6 million in unaffiliated revenues related to our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cost of Products Sold 
 Total cost of products sold increased 101 from 15,256.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 30,732.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, principally due to higher crude oil costs and higher refined product sales volumes, in part due to the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment charge of 52.4 million and a benefit of 310.1 million, respectively. Within our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment, FIFO impact was a benefit of 77.6 million and 86.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Gross Refinery Margins 
 Gross refinery margin per barrel sold increased 146 from 10.89 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 26.78 for the year ended December 31, 2022 principally due to the increase in the average per barrel sold sales prices during 2022, partially offset by the increase in crude oil and feedstock prices. Gross refinery margin per barrel does not include the non-cash effects of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments or depreciation and amortization. See Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles following Item 7A of Part II of this Form 10-K for a reconciliation to the income statement of sale prices of products sold and cost of products purchased. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased 54 from 1,517.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2,334.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to our acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18 from 362.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 426.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to higher employee related expenses from recent acquisitions and professional services and legal costs primarily incurred in connection with the Sinclair Transactions. See Note 2 Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these acquisitions. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 30 from 503.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 656.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase was due principally to depreciation and amortization attributable to the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery, the Acquired Sinclair Businesses and newly capitalized projects related to our renewable diesel units. 
 
 Earnings (Loss) of Equity Method Investments 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss of 0.3 million as compared to net earnings of 12.4 million of equity method investments for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to HEP s 50 share of incurred and estimated environmental remediation and recovery expenses, net of insurance proceeds received to date, for Osage Pipeline. In July 2022, Osage Pipeline, which carries crude oil from Cushing, Oklahoma to El Dorado, Kansas, suffered a release of crude oil. The pipeline resumed operations during the third quarter of 2022 and remediation efforts are underway. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 30.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher interest rates on cash investments. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 175.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 125.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the April 2022 issuance of 400 million in aggregate principal amount of HEP's 6.375 senior notes maturing in April 2027 and higher market interest rates on HEP's revolving credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 63 

Table of Content 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense attributable to our HEP Segment was 82.6 million and 53.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Settlement 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of 15.2 million from the settlement of our business interruption claim related to winter storm Uri that occurred in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 Gain on Tariff Settlement 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain of 51.5 million upon the settlement of a tariff rate case. See Note 19 Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on this case and settlement. 
 
 Gain on Early Extinguishment of Debt 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 0.6 million gain on the extinguishment of debt related to our open market repurchase of 42.2 million in principal of our 350 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.625 senior notes maturing October 2023 at a cost of 41.4 million. 
 
 Loss on Foreign Currency Transactions 
 Remeasurement adjustments resulting from the foreign currency conversion of the intercompany financing notes payable by PCLI net of mark-to-market valuations on foreign exchange forward contracts with banks which hedge the foreign currency exposure on these intercompany notes were a loss of 1.6 million and 2.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, loss on foreign currency transactions include d a gain of 27.8 million and a loss of 4.0 million, respectively, on foreign exchange forward contracts (utilized as an economic hedge). 
 
 Gain on Sale of Assets and Other 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an 86.0 million gain related to the sale of real property in Mississauga, Ontario, and HEP recorded a 5.3 million gain related to the sale of certain pipeline assets. See Note 1 Description of Business and Presentation of Financial Statements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an income tax expense of 894.9 million compared to 123.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was principally due to higher pre-tax income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rates were 22.7 and 15.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The year-over-year increase in the effective tax rate is principally due to the relationship between the pre-tax results and the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest that is not included in income for tax purposes. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 HF Sinclair Credit Agreement 
 On April 27, 2022, after giving effect to the consummation of the exchange offers and the issuance of the HF Sinclair Senior Notes (as defined below), HF Sinclair entered into a 1.65 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing in April 2026 (the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement ). The HF Sinclair Credit Agreement may be used for revolving credit loans and letters of credit from time to time and is available to fund general corporate purposes. The HF Sinclair Credit Agreement replaced the 1.35 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility of HollyFrontier, which was terminated on April 27, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants, had no outstanding borrowings and had outstanding letters of credit totaling 2.3 million under the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement. 
 
 HollyFrontier Bond Exchange and HF Sinclair Senior Notes 
 On April 27, 2022, HF Sinclair completed its offers to exchange any and all outstanding HollyFrontier 2.625 senior notes maturing October 2023 (the HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes ), 5.875 senior notes maturing April 2026 (the HollyFrontier 5.875 Senior Notes and 4.500 senior notes maturing October 2030 (the HollyFrontier 4.500 Senior Notes (and, collectively, the HollyFrontier Senior Notes for 2.625 senior notes maturing October 2023 (the HF Sinclair 2.625 Senior Notes ), 5.875 senior notes maturing April 2026 (the HF Sinclair 5.875 Senior Notes and 4.500 senior notes maturing October 2030 (the HF Sinclair 4.500 Senior Notes (and, collectively, the HF Sinclair Senior Notes to be issued by HF Sinclair and cash. Additionally, HF Sinclair solicited consents to adopt certain amendments to the indenture governing the HollyFrontier Senior Notes. 
 
 64 

Table of Content 

 In connection with the exchange offers and consent solicitations, HollyFrontier amended the indenture governing the HollyFrontier Senior Notes to eliminate (i) substantially all of the restrictive covenants, (ii) certain of the events which may lead to an Event of Default , (iii) the SEC reporting covenant and (iv) with respect to the HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes and the HollyFrontier 4.500 Senior Notes only, the offer to repurchase such senior notes upon certain change of control triggering events. 
 
 The HF Sinclair Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of ours and rank equally with all our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Each series of HF Sinclair Senior Notes has the same interest rate (including interest rate adjustment provisions, as applicable), interest payment dates, maturity date and redemption terms as the corresponding series of HollyFrontier Senior Notes. The HF Sinclair Senior Notes were issued in exchange for the HollyFrontier Senior Notes pursuant to a private exchange offer exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 
 On September 12, 2022, HF Sinclair filed a registration statement, which was declared effective on September 21, 2022, to exchange the HF Sinclair Senior Notes for an equal principal amount of the respective series of the HF Sinclair Senior Notes (the Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes ). The Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes are substantially identical to the HF Sinclair Senior Notes in all material respects except the Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes are registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or to any increase in annual interest rate for failure to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, and will not have the registration rights applicable to the HF Sinclair Senior Notes. 
 
 On October 21, 2022, HF Sinclair completed its offers to exchange HF Sinclair Senior Notes for Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes. 
 
 Further, we may from time to time seek to retire some or all of our outstanding debt or debt agreements through cash purchases, and/or exchanges, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, may be material and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made open market repurchases of HF Sinclair 2.625 Senior Notes and HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes that resulted in the extinguishment of 42.2 million in principal of the HF Sinclair 2.625 Senior Notes and fifteen thousand dollars in principal of the HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes. Total cash consideration paid to repurchase the principal amount outstanding, excluding accrued interest, totaled 41.4 million, and we recognized a 0.6 million gain on the extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The HF Sinclair 2.625 Senior Notes and the HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes are due October 2023 and are classified as Current debt on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 HF Sinclair Financing Arrangements 
 Certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into financing arrangements whereby such subsidiaries sold a portion of their precious metals catalyst to a financial institution and then leased back the precious metals catalyst in exchange for cash. The volume of the precious metals catalyst and the lease rate are fixed over the term of each lease, and the lease payments are recorded as interest expense. The current leases mature in one year or less. Upon maturity, we must either satisfy the obligation at fair market value or refinance to extend the maturity. 
 
 HEP Credit Agreement 
 HEP has a 1.2 billion senior secured revolving credit facility maturing in July 2025 (the HEP Credit Agreement ). In August 2022, the HEP Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, provide an alternative reference rate for LIBOR. The HEP Credit Agreement is available to fund capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, distribution payments, working capital and for general partnership purposes. It is also available to fund letters of credit up to a 50 million sub-limit and has an accordion feature that allows HEP to increase the commitments under the HEP Credit Agreement up to a maximum amount of 1.7 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, HEP had net repayments of 172.0 million under the HEP Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2022, HEP was in compliance with all of its covenants, had outstanding borrowings of 668.0 million and no outstanding letters of credit under the HEP Credit Agreement. 
 
 65 

Table of Content 

 HEP Senior Notes 
 On April 8, 2022, HEP closed a private placement of 400 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.375 senior notes maturing April 2027 (the HEP 6.375 Senior Notes at par for net proceeds of approximately 393 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The HEP 6.375 Senior Notes are unsecured and impose certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on HEP s ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, sell assets, incur certain liens, pay distributions, enter into transactions with affiliates and enter into mergers. The net proceeds from the offering of the HEP 6.375 Senior Notes were used to partially repay outstanding borrowings under the HEP Credit Agreement. 
 
 See Note 13 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt instruments. 
 
 Liquidity 
 We believe our current cash and cash equivalents, along with future internally generated cash flow and funds available under our credit facilities, will provide sufficient resources to fund currently planned capital projects and our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional funds from time to time through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets. Further, we may from time to time seek to retire some or all of our outstanding debt or debt agreements through cash purchases, and/or exchanges, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, may be material and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors. In addition, components of our long-term growth strategy include the optimization of existing units at our facilities and selective acquisition of complementary assets for our refining operations intended to increase earnings and cash flow. We also expect to use cash for payment of cash dividends, which are at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and for the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase program. 
 
 Our standalone (excluding HEP) liquidity was approximately 3.30 billion at December 31, 2022, consisting of cash and cash equivalents of 1.65 billion and an undrawn 1.65 billion credit facility. 
 
 We consider all highly-liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. These primarily consist of investments in conservative, highly-rated instruments issued by financial institutions, government and corporate entities with strong credit standings and money market funds. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates market value. 
 
 In November 2019, our Board of Directors approved a 1.0 billion share repurchase program, which replaced all existing share repurchase programs as of that time, authorizing us to repurchase common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. In June 2022, our Board of Directors determined that privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company (formerly known as The Sinclair Companies) are also authorized under the share repurchase program, subject to REH Company s interest in selling its shares and other limitations. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased 975.0 million under this share repurchase program, of which 500.0 million were repurchased pursuant to privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company. 
 
 On September 21, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a new 1.0 billion share repurchase program, which, effective September 26, 2022, replaced all existing share repurchase programs, including 25.0 million remaining under the previously existing 1.0 billion share repurchase program. This new share repurchase program authorizes us to repurchase common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. Privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company are also authorized under the share repurchase program, subject to REH Company s interest in selling its shares and other limitations. The timing and amount of share repurchases, including those from REH Company, will depend on market conditions and corporate, tax, regulatory and other relevant considerations. This program may be discontinued at any time by our Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased 338.0 million under this new share repurchase program, of which 250.0 million were repurchased pursuant to privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company. In addition, we are authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase shares in an amount sufficient to offset shares issued under our compensation programs. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made open market and privately negotiated purchases of 25,716,042 shares for 1,313.0 million under our share repurchase programs, of which 14,407,274 shares were repurchased for 750.0 million pursuant to privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company. As of December 31, 2022 we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to 662.0 million under the new share repurchase program, of which we repurchased 913,883 shares for 48.0 million year-to-date February 15, 2023. 
 
 66 

Table of Content 

 On December 14, 2022, we agreed to repurchase an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of our outstanding common stock from a registered broker for an aggregate purchase price of 48.6 million (the December Repurchase ). The purchase price was funded with cash on hand. The shares repurchased are held as treasury stock. 
 
 The December Repurchase was made in connection with the sale by REH Company of approximately 5,000,000 shares of common stock, inclusive of the 1,000,000 shares we repurchased, in an unregistered block trade permitted under applicable securities laws (such sale, the Sale ). In connection with the Sale, REH Company agreed to customary lock-up restrictions that will expire 60 days following the date of the Sale, subject to waiver by the broker and certain exceptions, including, but not limited to, privately negotiated sales or transfers of common stock to us from REH Company. 
 
 The December Repurchase was made pursuant to separate authorization from our Board of Directors and not as part of our 1.0 billion share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on September 21, 2022, and accordingly, did not reduce the remaining authorization thereunder. 
 
 Cash Flows Operating Activities 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were 3,777.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 406.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,370.5 million. The increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to the increase in gross refinery margins, partially offset by higher operating expenses. 
 
 Changes in working capita l increased operatin g cash flows by 28.7 million and decreased operating cash flows by 264.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows Investing Activities and Planned Capital Expenditures 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash flows used for investing activities were 774.5 million. On March 14, 2022, we closed the Sinclair Transactions and paid cash of 251.4 million. The remainder of the purchase consideration was funded with the issuance of HF Sinclair common stock and HEP common units. See Note 2 Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Sinclair Transactions. Cash expenditures for properties, plants and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 524.0 million, which included HEP capital expenditures of 39.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash flows used for investing activities were 1,327.2 million. On November 1, 2021, we closed the acquisition of the Puget Sound Refinery for aggregate cash consideration of 624.3 million. Cash expenditures for properties, plants and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 813.4 million, which included HEP capital expenditures of 88.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we received proceeds of 98.8 million, or CAD 125 million, for the sale of real property in Mississauga, Ontario. 
 
 HF Sinclair Corporation 
 Each year our Board of Directors approves our annual capital budget which includes specific projects that management is authorized to undertake. When conditions warrant or as new opportunities arise, additional projects may be approved. The funds appropriated for a particular capital project may be expended over a period of several years, depending on the time required to complete the project. Therefore, our planned capital expenditures for a given year consist of expenditures appropriated in that year s capital budget plus expenditures for projects appropriated in prior years which have not yet been completed. Refinery turnaround spending is amortized over the useful life of the turnaround. 
 
 The refining industry is capital intensive and requires on-going investments to sustain our refining operations. This includes replacement of, or rebuilding, refinery units and components that extend the useful life. We also invest in projects that improve operational reliability and profitability via enhancements that improve refinery processing capabilities as well as production yield and flexibility. Our capital expenditures also include projects related to renewable diesel, environmental, health and safety compliance and include initiatives as a result of federal and state mandates. 
 
 Our refinery operations and related emissions are highly regulated at both federal and state levels, and we invest in our facilities as needed to remain in compliance with these standards. Additionally, when faced with new emissions or fuels standards, we seek to execute projects that facilitate compliance and also improve the operating costs and / or yields of associated refining processes. 
 
 67 

Table of Content 

 HEP 
 Each year the Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C. board of directors approves HEP s annual capital budget, which specifies capital projects that HEP management is authorized to undertake. Additionally, at times when conditions warrant or as new opportunities arise, special projects may be approved. The funds allocated for a particular capital project may be expended over a period in excess of a year, depending on the time required to complete the project. Therefore, HEP s planned capital expenditures for a given year consist of expenditures approved for capital projects included in its current year capital budget as well as, in certain cases, expenditures approved for capital projects in capital budgets for prior years. In addition, HEP may spend funds periodically to perform capital upgrades or additions to its assets where a customer reimburses HEP for such costs. The upgrades or additions would generally benefit the customer over the remaining life of the related service agreements. 
 
 Expected capital and turnaround cash spending for 2023 is as follows: 
 Expected Cash Spending Range (In millions) HF Sinclair Refining 
 250.0 280.0 Renewables 25.0 35.0 Lubricants and Specialty Products 
 35.0 50.0 Marketing 20.0 30.0 Corporate 50.0 80.0 Turnarounds and catalyst 
 530.0 630.0 Total HF Sinclair 910.0 1,105.0 HEP Maintenance 
 25.0 35.0 Expansion and joint venture investment 
 5.0 10.0 Total HEP 
 30.0 45.0 Total 940.0 1,150.0 
 
 Cash Flows Financing Activities 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash flows used for financing activities were 1,560.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 1,371.7 million of treasury stock, paid 255.9 million in dividends and paid 41.4 million to extinguish 42.2 million in principal of the HF Sinclair 2.625 Senior Notes and HollyFrontier 2.625 Senior Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, HEP received 400.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of the HEP 6.375 Senior Notes, had n et repayments of 172.0 million under the HEP Credit Agreement and paid distributions of 96.2 million to noncontrolling interests. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash flows used for financing activities were 211.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid 57.7 million in dividends, purchased 7.1 million of treasury stock and paid 7.9 million of financing costs in connection with the amendment of the HollyFrontier Credit Agreement in April 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, HEP had net repayments of 73.5 million under the HEP Credit Agreement and paid 6.6 million of financing costs in connection with the amendment of the HEP Credit Agreement in April 2021. In addition, HEP paid distributions of 75.4 million to noncontrolling interests and received contributions from noncontrolling interests of 23.2 million. 
 
 68 

Table of Content 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The following table presents our long-term contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 in total and by period due beginning in 2023. The table below does not include our contractual obligations to HEP under our long-term transportation agreements as these related-party transactions are eliminated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A description of these agreements is provided under Holly Energy Partners, L.P. under Items 1 and 2, Business and Properties. 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations and Commitments Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter (In thousands) HF Sinclair Corporation Long-term and current debt - principal (1) 
 1,707,827 307,827 1,000,000 400,000 Long-term and current debt - interest (1) 
 311,477 82,810 138,206 44,334 46,127 Financing arrangements (2) 
 39,775 39,775 Supply agreements (3) 
 2,215,441 1,328,585 886,856 Transportation and storage agreements (4) 
 2,159,656 214,628 430,060 353,132 1,161,836 Operating and finance leases (5) 
 406,395 125,276 140,903 47,011 93,205 Other long-term obligations 121,845 21,600 24,547 17,085 58,613 6,962,416 2,120,501 1,620,572 1,461,562 1,759,781 Holly Energy Partners, L.P. Long-term debt - principal (1) 
 1,568,000 668,000 400,000 500,000 Long-term debt - interest (1) 
 287,194 70,200 131,973 82,938 2,083 Operating and finance leases (5) 
 100,097 8,953 15,647 14,143 61,354 Other agreements 250,885 8,811 15,823 11,887 214,364 2,206,176 87,964 831,443 508,968 777,801 Total 9,168,592 2,208,465 2,452,015 1,970,530 2,537,582 
 
 (1) See Note 13 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our outstanding debt. 
 (2) We have a financing arrangement related to the sale and subsequent lease-back of certain of our precious metals. 
 (3) We have long-term supply agreements to secure certain quantities of crude oil, feedstock and other resources used in the production process at market prices. We have estimated future payments under these fixed-quantity agreements expiring between 2023 and 2025 using current market rates. 
 (4) Consists of contractual obligations under agreements with third parties for the transportation of crude oil, natural gas and feedstocks to our refineries and for terminal and storage services under contracts expiring between 2023 and 2040. 
 (5) Operating and finance lease obligations include options to extend terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We consider the following policies to be the most critical to understanding the judgments that are involved and the uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For additional information, see Note 1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Content 

 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories related to our refining operations are stated at the lower of cost, using the LIFO method for crude oil and unfinished and finished refined products, or market. Inventories related to our renewable business are stated at the lower of cost, using the LIFO method for feedstock and unfinished and finished renewable products, or market. In periods of rapidly declining prices, LIFO inventories may have to be written down to market value due to the higher costs assigned to LIFO layers in prior periods. In addition, the use of the LIFO inventory method may result in increases or decreases to cost of sales in years that inventory volumes decline as the result of charging cost of sales with LIFO inventory costs generated in prior periods. 
 
 The excess of replacement cost over the LIFO carrying value of refinery inventories was 39.0 million and 111.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future decreases in overall inventory values could result in an establishment of a lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve and additional charges to cost of products sold. 
 
 Our renewables inventories that are valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market reflect a valuation reserve of 61.2 million and 8.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A new market reserve of 61.2 million as of December 31, 2022 was based on market conditions and prices at that time. The effect of the change in the lower of cost or market reserve was an increase to cost of products sold totaling 52.4 million and 8.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Inventories consisting of process chemicals, materials and maintenance supplies and RINs are stated at the lower of weighted-average cost or net realizable value. Inventories of our Petro-Canada Lubricants and Sonneborn businesses are stated at the lower of cost, using the FIFO method, or net realizable value. 
 
 Goodwill and Long-lived Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, our goodwill balance was 3.0 billion, with goodwill assigned to our Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants and Specialty Products and HEP segments of 1,977.4 million, 159.0 million, 163.8 million, 246.0 million and 432.0 million, respectively. Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Our goodwill impairment testing first entails either a quantitative assessment or an optional qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine that based on the qualitative factors that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, a quantitative test is performed in which we estimate the fair value of the related reporting unit. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the goodwill of that reporting unit is impaired, and we measure goodwill impairment as the excess of the carrying amount of reporting unit over the related fair value. 
 
 For purposes of long-lived asset impairment evaluation, we group our long-lived assets as follows: (i) our refinery asset groups, which include certain HEP logistics assets, (ii) our renewables products asset groups (iii) our Lubricants and Specialty Products asset groups, (iv) our Marketing assets and (v) our HEP asset groups, which comprises HEP assets not included in our refinery asset groups. These asset groups represent the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified. Our long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment by identifying whether indicators of impairment exist and, if so, assessing whether such long-lived assets are recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash flows. The actual amount of impairment loss measured, if any, is equal to the amount by which the asset group s carrying value exceeds its fair value. 
 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment testing quantitatively as of July 1, 2022 and determined there was no impairment of goodwill attributable to our reporting units. The estimated fair values of our reporting units were derived using a combination of income and market approaches. The income approach reflects expected future cash flows based on estimated forecasted production levels, selling prices, gross margins, operating costs and capital expenditures. Our market approaches include both the guideline public company and guideline transaction methods. Both methods utilize pricing multiples derived from historical market transactions of other like kind assets . The excess of the fair values of the reporting units over their respective carrying values ranged from 32 to 47 . Increasing the discount rate by 1.0 or reducing the terminal cash flow growth rate by 1.0 would not have changed the results of our annual goodwill testing. 
 
 In performing our impairment test of goodwill, we developed cash flow forecasts for each of our reporting units. Significant judgment is involved in performing these fair value estimates since the results are based on forecasted financial information. The cash flow forecasts include significant assumptions such as planned utilization, end-user demand, selling prices, gross margins, operating costs and capital expenditures. Another key assumption applied to these forecasts to determine the fair value of a reporting unit is the discount rate. The discount rate is intended to reflect the weighted average cost of capital for a market participant and the risks associated with the realization of the estimated future cash flows. Our fair value estimates are based on projected cash flows, which we believe to be reasonable. 
 70 

Table of Content 

We continually monitor and evaluate various factors for potential indicators of goodwill and long-lived asset impairment. A reasonable expectation exists that further deterioration in our operating results or overall economic conditions could result in an impairment of goodwill and / or long-lived asset impairments at some point in the future. Future impairment charges could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Valuation of Business Combinations 
 We recognize and measure the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Any excess or surplus of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill or gain from a bargain purchase. The fair value of assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date are often estimated using a combination of approaches, including the income approach, which requires us to project future cash flows and apply an appropriate discount rate; the cost approach, which requires estimates of replacement costs and depreciation and obsolescence estimates; and the market approach which uses market data and adjusts for entity-specific differences. We use all available information to make these fair value determinations and engage third-party consultants for valuation assistance. The estimates used in determining fair values are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from the projected results used to determine fair value. 
 
 Contingencies 
 We are subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims related to environmental, labor, product and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of reserves required, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual issue. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 We use certain strategies to reduce some commodity price and operational risks. We do not attempt to eliminate all market risk exposures when we believe that the exposure relating to such risk would not be significant to our future earnings, financial position, capital resources or liquidity or that the cost of eliminating the exposure would outweigh the benefit. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk Management 
 Our primary market risk is commodity price risk. We are exposed to market risks related to the volatility in crude oil and refined products, as well as volatility in the price of natural gas used in our refining operations. We periodically enter into derivative contracts in the form of commodity price swaps, collar contracts, forward purchase and sales and futures contracts to mitigate price exposure with respect to our inventory positions, natural gas purchases, sales prices of refined products and crude oil costs. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 We are exposed to market risk related to the volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. We periodically enter into derivative contracts in the form of foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the exposure associated with fluctuations on intercompany notes with our foreign subsidiaries that are not denominated in the U.S. dollar. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have the following notional contract volumes related to all outstanding derivative contracts used to mitigate commodity price and foreign currency risk (all maturing in 2023): 
 Contract Description Total Outstanding Notional Unit of Measure NYMEX futures (WTI) - short 845,000 Barrels Forward gasoline and diesel contracts - long 425,000 Barrels Foreign currency forward contracts 432,161,594 U.S. dollar Forward commodity contracts (platinum) (1) 
 36,969 Troy ounces Natural gas price swaps (basis spread) - long 5,110,000 MMBTU Natural gas collar contracts 29,200,000 MMBTU 
 
 71 

Table of Content 

 (1) Represents an embedded derivative within our catalyst financing arrangements, which may be refinanced or require repayment under certain conditions. See Note 13 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these financing arrangements. 
 
 The following sensitivity analysis provides the hypothetical effects of market price fluctuations in commodity prices for our open commodity derivative contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Derivative Fair Value Gain (Loss) at December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) 10 increase in underlying commodity prices (3,502) (3,705) 10 decrease in underlying commodity prices 3,298 3,705 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 The market risk inherent in our fixed-rate debt is the potential change arising from increases or decreases in interest rates as discussed below. 
 
 For the fixed rate HF Sinclair Senior Notes, HollyFrontier Senior Notes and HEP Senior Notes, changes in interest rates will generally affect fair value of the debt, but not earnings or cash flows. The outstanding principal, estimated fair value and estimated change in fair value (assuming a hypothetical 10 change in the yield-to-maturity rates) for this debt as of December 31, 2022 is presented below: 
 Outstanding Principal Estimated Fair Value Estimated Change in Fair Value (In thousands) HollyFrontier and HF Sinclair Senior Notes 1,707,827 1,655,726 33,118 HEP Senior Notes 900,000 852,658 24,213 
 
 For the variable rate HEP Credit Agreement, changes in interest rates would affect cash flows, but not the fair value. At December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the HEP Credit Agreement wer e 668.0 million . A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates applicable to the HEP Credit Agreement would not materially affect cash flows. 
 
 Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, hazards of petroleum processing operations and unforeseen interruptions, including but not limited to fire, explosion, releases or spills, cyberattacks, weather-related perils, vandalism, power failures, mechanical failures and other events beyond our control. We maintain various insurance coverages, including general liability, property damage, business interruption and cyber insurance, subject to certain deductibles and insurance policy terms and conditions. We are not fully insured against certain risks because such risks are not fully insurable, coverage is unavailable, or premium costs, in our judgment, do not justify such expenditures. 
 
 Financial information is reviewed on the counterparties in order to review and monitor their financial stability and assess their ongoing ability to honor their commitments under the derivative contracts. We have not experienced, nor do we expect to experience, any difficulty in the counterparties honoring their commitments. 
 
 We have a risk management oversight committee consisting of members from our senior management. This committee oversees our risk enterprise program, monitors our risk environment and provides direction for activities to mitigate identified risks that may adversely affect the achievement of our goals. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 See Risk Management under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

72 

Table of Content 

 Reconciliations to Amounts Reported Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 
 Reconciliations of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA to amounts reported under generally accepted accounting principles in financial statements. 
 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which we refer to as EBITDA, is calculated as net income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders plus (i) income tax provision, (ii) interest expense, net of interest income and (iii) depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is not a calculation provided for under GAAP; however, the amounts included in the EBITDA calculation are derived from amounts included on our consolidated financial statements. EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income or operating income as an indication of our operating performance or as an alternative to operating cash flow as a measure of liquidity. EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. EBITDA is presented here because it is a widely used financial indicator used by investors and analysts to measure performance. EBITDA is also used by our management for internal analysis and as a basis for financial covenants. 
 
 Set forth below is our calculation of EBITDA. Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders 2,922,668 558,324 (601,448) Add (subtract) income tax provision 894,872 123,898 (232,147) Add interest expense 175,628 125,175 126,527 Subtract interest income (30,179) (4,019) (7,633) Add depreciation and amortization 656,787 503,539 520,912 EBITDA 4,619,776 1,306,917 (193,789) 
 
 Reconciliations of refinery operating information (non-GAAP performance measures) to amounts reported under generally accepted accounting principles in financial statements. 
 
 Refinery gross margin and net operating margin are non-GAAP performance measures that are used by our management and others to compare our refining performance to that of other companies in our industry. We believe these margin measures are helpful to investors in evaluating our refining performance on a relative and absolute basis. Refinery gross margin per produced barrel sold is total Refining segment revenues less total Refining segment cost of products sold, exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments, divided by sales volumes of produced refined products sold. Net operating margin per barrel sold is the difference between refinery gross margin and refinery operating expenses per produced barrel sold. These two margins do not include the non-cash effects of long-lived asset impairment charges, lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments or depreciation and amortization. Each of these component performance measures can be reconciled directly to our consolidated statements of operations. Other companies in our industry may not calculate these performance measures in the same manner. 
 
 Below are reconciliations to our consolidated statements of operations for refinery net operating and gross margin and operating expenses, in each case averaged per produced barrel sold. Due to rounding of reported numbers, some amounts may not calculate exactly. 
 
 73 

Table of Content 

 Reconciliation of average refining net operating margin per produced barrel sold to refinery gross margin to refining sales and other revenues Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per barrel amounts) Refining segment sales and other revenues 34,412,909 16,358,558 9,539,189 Refining segment cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory adjustment) 28,270,195 14,673,062 8,439,680 Lower of cost or market inventory adjustment (318,353) 82,214 6,142,714 2,003,849 1,017,295 Add (subtract) lower of cost or market inventory adjustment (318,353) 82,214 Less Cheyenne Refinery sales and other revenues (501,589) Less Cheyenne Refinery cost of products sold 447,628 Refining gross margin 6,142,714 1,685,496 1,045,548 Refining segment operating expenses 1,815,931 1,090,424 988,045 Less Cheyenne Refinery operating expenses (121,151) 1,815,931 1,090,424 866,894 Produced barrels sold (BPD) 628,340 424,100 391,670 Refinery gross margin per produced barrel sold 26.78 10.89 7.29 Less average refinery operating expenses per produced barrel sold 7.92 7.04 6.05 Net operating margin per produced barrel sold 18.86 3.85 1.24 

Reconciliation of renewables operating information (non-GAAP performance measures) to amounts reported under generally accepted accounting principles in financial statements. 
 
 Renewables gross margin and net operating margin are non-GAAP performance measures that are used by our management and others to compare our renewables performance to that of other companies in our industry. We believe these margin measures are helpful to investors in evaluating our renewables performance on a relative and absolute basis. Renewables gross margin per produced gallon sold is total Renewables segment revenues less total Renewables segment cost of products sold, exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments, divided by sales volumes of produced renewables products sold. Net operating margin per produced gallon sold is the difference between renewables gross margin and renewables operating expenses per produced gallon sold. These two margins do not include the non-cash effects of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments and depreciation and amortization. Each of these component performance measures can be reconciled directly to our consolidated statements of operations. Other companies in our industry may not calculate these performance measures in the same manner. 
 
 74 

Table of Content 

 Reconciliation of renewables gross margin and operating expenses to gross margin per produced gallon sold and net operating margin per produced gallon sold 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Renewables segment sales and other revenues 1,015,499 Renewables segment cost of products sold 974,167 Lower of cost or market inventory adjustment 52,412 (11,080) Add lower of cost or market inventory adjustment 52,412 Renewables gross margin 41,332 Renewables operating expenses 111,974 Produced gallons sold (in thousand gallons) 136,204 Renewables gross margin per produced gallon sold 0.30 Less operating expenses per produced gallon sold 0.82 Net operating margin per produced gallon sold (0.52) 
 
 Reconciliation of Marketing operating information (non-GAAP performance measures) to amounts reported under generally accepted accounting principles in financial statements. 
 
 Marketing gross margin is a non-GAAP performance measure that is used by our management and others to compare our Marketing performance to that of other companies in our industry. We believe this margin measure is helpful to investors in evaluating our Marketing performance on a relative and absolute basis. Marketing gross margin per gallon sold is total Marketing segment revenues less total Marketing segment cost of products sold divided by sales volumes of Marketing products sold. This margin does not include the non-cash effects of depreciation and amortization. This component performance measure can be reconciled directly to our consolidated statements of operations. Other companies in our industry may not calculate these performance measures in the same manner. 
 
 Reconciliation of Marketing gross margin to gross margin per gallon sold 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Marketing segment sales and other revenues 3,911,922 Marketing segment cost of products sold 3,845,625 Marketing gross margin 66,297 Sales volumes (in thousand gallons) 1,118,444 Marketing segment gross margin per gallon sold 0.06 
 75 

Table of Content 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON ITS ASSESSMENT OF THE COMPANY'S INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of HF Sinclair Corporation (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Management assessed the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria for effective control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. Management s assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses, that were acquired on March 14, 2022, as we are in the process of integrating operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses, including internal controls over financial reporting. The Acquired Sinclair Businesses represented approximately 17 of the Company's consolidated total assets and 26 of consolidated total revenues of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. That report is included herein. 

76 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HF Sinclair Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited HF Sinclair Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, HF Sinclair Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on its Assessment of the Company s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses, which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted approximately 17 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and approximately 26 of revenues for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on its Assessment of the Company s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 
 77 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Reference Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 82 

78 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HF Sinclair Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HF Sinclair Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

79 

Valuation of Personal Property Assets in the Sinclair Acquisition Description of the Matter During 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses for aggregate purchase consideration of 2,749.5 million, as disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. Of the total assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the Company acquired 1,242.5 million of properties, plant, and equipment which was made up of real property and personal property. Auditing management's accounting for the acquisition of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of certain personal property. In particular, the fair value estimates for the Acquired Sinclair Businesses personal property were sensitive to significant assumptions including replacement cost as adjusted for physical deterioration. These assumptions have a significant effect on the fair value estimates. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's controls over the valuation of the personal property assets related to the acquisition. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the valuation models and the underlying assumptions used to develop estimated values of these assets. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the personal property, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s selection of the valuation methodology, evaluating the significant assumptions used by the Company and evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. We involved valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodologies used by the Company and significant assumptions included in the fair value estimates. Specifically, our valuation specialists assisted by evaluating the valuation methodologies used, comparing key assumptions to current industry and market data, and developing an expected range of values based on significant inputs and assumptions to assess reasonableness of the Company s estimates. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1977. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 80 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Accounts receivable: Product and transportation (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Crude oil resales 
 Inventories: Crude oil and refined products Materials, supplies and other (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Income taxes receivable Prepayments and other (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Total current assets Properties, plants and equipment, at cost (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Less accumulated depreciation (HEP: ) and )), respectively) 
 ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Other assets: Turnaround costs Goodwill (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Intangibles and other (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities (HEP and , respectively) 
 Current debt Accrued liabilities (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities (HEP and , respectively) 
 Deferred income taxes (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Other long-term liabilities (HEP: and , respectively) 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Equity: HF Sinclair stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock par value shares authorized; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock held in treasury, at cost - and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total HF Sinclair stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 Parenthetical amounts represent asset and liability balances attributable to Holly Energy Partners, L.P. HEP as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. HEP is a variable interest entity. 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 81 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales and other revenues Operating costs and expenses: Cost of products sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization): 
 Cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment) 
 Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment ) Operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Depreciation and amortization Goodwill and long-lived asset impairments Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense): Earnings (loss) of equity method investments ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on business interruption insurance settlement Gain on tariff settlement Gain on sales-type leases Gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt ) Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions ) ) Gain on sale of assets and other ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit): Current ) ) Deferred ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 82 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Hedging instruments: 
 Change in fair value of cash flow hedging instruments 
 ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments to net income (loss) on settlement of cash flow hedging instruments Net unrealized gain (loss) on hedging instruments 
 ) Pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations: Actuarial gain (loss) on pension plans ) Pension plans gain reclassified to net income (loss) ) ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) on post-retirement healthcare plans 
 ) Post-retirement healthcare plans gain reclassified to net income (loss) ) ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) on retirement restoration plan ) Retirement restoration plan loss reclassified to net income (loss) Net change in pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) Other comprehensive loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Less noncontrolling interest in comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 

83 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Goodwill and long-lived asset impairments Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment ) Earnings of equity method investments, inclusive of distributions (Gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Gain on sales-type leases ) Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Equity-based compensation expense Change in fair value derivative instruments ) (Increase) decrease in current assets: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Income taxes receivable ) ) Prepayments and other ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Turnaround expenditures ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to properties, plants and equipment ) ) ) Additions to properties, plants and equipment HEP ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Investment in equity company - HEP ) Proceeds from sale of assets HEP investment in Osage Pipe Line Company LLC ) Distributions in excess of equity in earnings of equity investments Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under credit agreements Repayments under credit agreements ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Proceeds from issuance of senior notes HEP Redemption of senior notes ) Redemption of senior notes - HEP ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling interests Payments on finance leases ) ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate on cash flow ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Increase (decrease) for the period ) Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash (paid) received during the period for: Interest ) ) ) Income taxes, net ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued and unpaid capital expenditures ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 84 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 HF Sinclair Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Treasury Stock Shares Amount Additional Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Shares Amount Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common shares under incentive compensation plans ) ) Equity-based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Purchase of HEP units for restricted grants ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Other Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common shares under incentive compensation plans ) ) Equity-based compensation 
 Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Purchase of HEP units for restricted grants 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Other 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common shares for HFC Transactions Issuance of common shares under incentive compensation plans ) ) Equity-based compensation 
 Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Purchase of HEP units for restricted grants 
 ) ) Equity attributable to HEP common unit issuance, net of tax Acquisition of remaining UNEV interests ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 

85 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 1: 
 
 shares of HF Sinclair common stock, resulting in the Target Company becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair (the HFC Transactions ). At the effective time of the HFC Merger, HollyFrontier became a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Sinclair, and all of HollyFrontier s outstanding shares were automatically converted into equivalent corresponding shares of HF Sinclair. Pursuant to the HFC Merger, HF Sinclair became the successor issuer to HollyFrontier pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and replaced HollyFrontier as the public company trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol DINO. See Note 2 and Note 4 for additional information. 
 
 References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods prior to March 14, 2022 refer to HollyFrontier and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include the Target Company, STC or their respective consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Acquired Sinclair Businesses ). References herein to HF Sinclair we, our, ours, and us with respect to time periods from and after March 14, 2022 include the operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. Unless otherwise specified, the financial statements included herein include financial information for HF Sinclair, which for the time period from March 14, 2022 to December 31, 2022 includes the combined business operations of HollyFrontier and the Acquired Sinclair Businesses. 
 
 branded stations and license the use of the Sinclair brand at more than additional locations throughout the country. In addition, our subsidiaries produce and market base oils and other specialized lubricants in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands, and export products to more than 80 countries. Through our subsidiaries, we produce renewable diesel at two of our facilities in Wyoming and our facility in New Mexico. At December 31, 2022, we owned a limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP, a variable interest entity VIE ). HEP owns and operates logistic assets consisting of petroleum product and crude oil pipelines, terminals, tankage, loading rack facilities and refinery processing units that principally support our refining and marketing operations in the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountains geographic regions of the United States. 
 
 86 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million, or CAD million. The transaction closed on September 15, 2021, and we recorded a gain on sale of assets totaling million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was recognized in Gain on sale of assets and other on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, we initiated a restructuring within our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment. As a result of this restructuring, we recorded million in employee severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, which were recognized primarily as selling, general and administrative expenses in our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2020, we permanently ceased petroleum refining operations at our Cheyenne, Wyoming refinery (the Cheyenne Refinery and subsequently began converting certain assets at our Cheyenne Refinery to renewable diesel production. In connection with the cessation of petroleum refining operations at our Cheyenne Refinery, we recognized million and million in decommissioning expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also recognized million in employee severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. These charges were all recognized in operating expenses in our Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we recorded long-lived asset impairment charges o f million related to our Cheyenne Refinery asset group. Also, we recognized million in decommissioning expense and million in employee severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, we recorded a reserve of million against our repair and maintenance supplies inventory. These decommissioning, inventory reserve and severance costs were recognized in operating expenses, of which million was recorded in our Refining segment and million was recorded in our Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we also initiated and completed a corporate restructuring. As a result of this restructuring, we recorded million in employee severance costs, which were recognized primarily as operating expenses in our Refining segment and selling, general and administrative expenses in our Corporate and Other segment. 

87 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Accounts receivable attributable to crude oil resales generally represent the sale of excess crude oil to other purchasers and / or users in cases when our crude oil supplies are in excess of our immediate needs as well as certain reciprocal buy / sell exchanges of crude oil. At times we enter into such buy / sell exchanges to facilitate the delivery of quantities to certain locations. In many cases, we enter into net settlement agreements relating to the buy / sell arrangements, which may mitigate credit risk. 

88 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

to years for refining, pipeline and terminal facilities, to years for buildings and improvements, to years for other fixed assets and years for vehicles. 

Our asset retirement obligations were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in Other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Accretion expense was insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Asset retirement obligations assumed in the Sinclair Transactions, as defined in Note 2, were million. 

89 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

) Cheyenne Pipeline, LLC ) Cushing Connect Terminal Holdings LLC Pioneer Investments Corp. ) Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC Total ) 

90 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

. Turnaround costs are deferred and amortized over the period until the next scheduled turnaround. Other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Deferred turnaround and catalyst amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received proceeds of million, million and million and subsequently repaid million, million and million, respectively, under these sell / buy transactions. 
 
 91 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 2: 
 
 shares of HF Sinclair common stock, par value per share, to REH Company, representing of the pro forma equity of HF Sinclair with a value of approximately million based on HollyFrontier s fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding and closing stock price on March 11, 2022. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, REH Company made a million cash payment to HF Sinclair, inclusive of final working capital adjustments, which reduced the aggregate transaction value to approximately million. Of the shares of HF Sinclair common stock, shares are currently held in escrow to secure REH Company s renewable identification numbers RINs credit obligations under Section 6.22 of the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, on the Closing Date, and immediately prior to the consummation of the HFC Transactions, HEP completed its acquisition of STC, REH Company s integrated crude and refined products midstream business, and issued common limited partner units and paid cash consideration of million, inclusive of final working capital adjustments, to REH Company in exchange for all the outstanding equity interests of STC (the HEP Transaction and together with the HFC Transactions, the Sinclair Transactions ). Of these common limited partner units, units are currently held in escrow to secure REH Company s RINs credit obligations to HF Sinclair under Section 6.22 of the Business Combination Agreement. HF Sinclair, and not HEP, would be entitled to the HEP common units held in escrow in the event of REH Company s breach of its RINs credit obligations under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 HollyFrontier s (now HF Sinclair's) senior management team continues to operate the combined company. Pursuant to that certain stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement by and among HF Sinclair, REH Company and the stockholders of REH Company (together with REH Company and each of their permitted transferees, the REH Parties ), REH Company was granted the right to nominate, and has nominated, directors to our Board of Directors at the Closing Date. The REH Company stockholders also agreed to certain customary lock up, voting and standstill restrictions, as well as customary registration rights, for the HF Sinclair common stock issued to the stockholders of REH Company. HF Sinclair is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, with combined business offices in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
 
 92 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Sinclair branded stations and licenses the use of the Sinclair brand at more than additional locations throughout the United States. The renewables business includes the operation of a renewable diesel unit located in Sinclair, Wyoming. The refining business includes Rocky Mountains-based refineries located in Casper, Wyoming and Sinclair, Wyoming. Under the terms of the Contribution Agreement (as defined in Note 3), HEP acquired STC, REH Company s integrated crude and refined products pipelines and terminal assets, including approximately miles of integrated crude and refined product pipeline supporting the Sinclair refineries and third parties, product terminals and crude terminals with approximately million barrels of operated storage. In addition, HEP acquired STC s interests in pipeline joint ventures for crude gathering and product offtake including: Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC non-operated interest); Pioneer Investments Corp. non-operated interest); and UNEV Pipeline (the non-operated interest not already owned by HEP, resulting in UNEV Pipeline, LLC UNEV becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP). The addition of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses to the HollyFrontier business created a combined company with increased scale and ability to diversify and is expected to drive growth through the expanded refining and renewables business. In addition, the HFC Transactions added an integrated branded wholesale distribution network to our business. 
 
 The Sinclair Transactions were accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, with the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition date fair values at the effective date, with the excess consideration recorded as goodwill. 
 
 Closing price per share of HFC common stock (1) 
 Purchase consideration paid in HF Sinclair common stock Shares of HEP common units issued to Sinclair Closing price per share of HEP common units (2) 
 Purchase consideration paid in HEP common units Total equity consideration Cash consideration paid by HEP Cash consideration received by HFC ) Total cash consideration Total purchase consideration 
 
 (1) Based on the HollyFrontier closing stock price on March 11, 2022. 
 (2) Based on the HEP closing unit price on March 11, 2022. 
 
 93 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Inventories: Crude oil and refined products Inventories: Materials, supplies and other Properties, plants and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets: Intangibles and other Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation resulted in the recognition of million in goodwill, of which million was related to HEP. The goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to operating and administrative synergies and net deferred tax liabilities arising from the differences between the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities and the tax basis of these assets and liabilities. There are qualitative assumptions of long-term factors that this acquisition creates for our stockholders, including increased scale and diversification that is expected to drive growth through the expanded refining and renewables businesses and the addition of an integrated branded wholesale distribution network. This goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The fair value measurements for properties, plants and equipment were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and, therefore, represent Level 3 measurements. 
 
 The fair value of properties, plants and equipment was based on the combination of the cost and market approaches. Key assumptions in the cost approach include determining the replacement cost by evaluating recent published data and adjusting replacement cost for physical deterioration, functional, and economic obsolescence. We used the market approach to measure the value of certain assets through an analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable properties. The fair value of crude oil and refined products inventory was based on market prices as of the acquisition date. 
 
 Intangibles include the Sinclair trade name, fuel agreements and customer relationships totaling million that are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a range of four to period. The intangible assets were valued using the income approach. 
 
 The fair value of equity method investments totaled million and was based on a combination of valuation methods including discounted cash flows and the guideline public company method. 
 
 Accrued liabilities include million of RINs credit obligations, including 2022 obligations through the Closing Date, which were valued based on market prices for RINs at the effective date, a Level 2 input. REH Company is financially responsible for satisfaction of RINs credit obligations for all periods prior to the closing. This receivable totaled million and was valued based on market prices for RINs at the effective date. 
 
 All other fair values discussed above were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and, therefore, represent Level 3 measurements. 
 
 94 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million and million, respectively, for the period from March 14, 2022 through December 31, 2022 related to the Acquired Sinclair Businesses operations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred million in incremental direct acquisition and integration costs that principally relate to legal, advisory and other professional fees and are presented as selling, general and administrative expenses in our statements of operations. 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was derived from our historical financial statements giving effect to the Sinclair Transactions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2021. The below information reflects pro forma adjustments based on available information and certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable, including the depreciation of the fair-valued properties, plants and equipment acquired in the Sinclair Transactions and the estimated tax impacts of the pro forma adjustments. 
 
 Additionally, pro forma earnings include certain non-recurring charges, the substantial majority of which consist of transaction costs related to financial advisors, legal advisors and professional accounting services. 
 
 The pro forma results of operations do not include any cost savings or other synergies that may result from the Sinclair Transactions. 
 Net income attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders 
 
 Puget Sound Refinery 
 On May 4, 2021, HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC (now known as HF Sinclair Puget Sound Refining LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of HollyFrontier, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Shell to acquire the Puget Sound Refinery. The acquisition closed on November 1, 2021 for aggregate cash consideration of million, which consists of a base cash purchase price of million, hydrocarbon inventory of million and other closing adjustments and accrued liabilities of million (the Puget Sound Acquisition ). 
 
 This transaction was accounted for as a business combination, using the acquisition method, with the aggregate cash consideration allocated to the acquisition date fair value of assets and liabilities acquired. 
 
 In connection with the Puget Sound Acquisition, we incurred million of acquisition and integration costs during the year ended December 31, 2021, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows: inventories million, properties, plants and equipment million, other assets million, accrued and other current liabilities million and other long-term liabilities million. 
 
 The fair value measurements for properties, plants and equipment were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and, therefore, represent Level 3 measurements. 
 
 95 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million and million, respectively, for the period from November 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 related to these operations. 

NOTE 3: 
 
 years , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. Certain of our leases for pipeline assets include provisions for variable payments which are based on a measure of throughput and also contain a provision for the lessor to adjust the rate per barrel periodically over the life of the lease. These variable costs are not included in the initial measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 Finance leases: Properties, plants and equipment, at cost 
 Accumulated amortization 
 ) ) Properties, plants and equipment, net 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total finance lease liabilities 

96 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Finance leases 
 Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Operating lease expense Finance lease expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost Total lease expense 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 
 97 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations Less: current obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 
 Lessor 
 
 Our consolidated statements of operations reflect lease revenue recognized by HEP for contracts with third parties in which HEP is the lessor. 
 
 Substantially all of the assets supporting contracts meeting the definition of a lease have long useful lives, and HEP believes these assets will continue to have value when the current agreements expire due to HEP's risk management strategy for protecting the residual fair value of the underlying assets by performing ongoing maintenance during the lease term. 
 
 One of HEP s throughput agreements with Delek US Holdings, Inc. Delek was partially renewed during the year ended December 31, 2020. Certain components of this agreement met the criteria of sales-type leases since the underlying assets are not expected to have an alternative use at the end of the lease term to anyone other than Delek. Under sales-type lease accounting, at the commencement date, the lessor recognizes a net investment in the lease, based on the estimated fair value of the underlying leased assets at contract inception, and derecognizes the underlying assets with the difference recorded as selling profit or loss arising from the lease. Therefore, HEP recognized a gain on sales-type leases totaling million during the year ended December 31, 2020. This sales-type lease transaction, including the related gain, was a non-cash transaction. 
 
 Gain on sales-type leases Sales-type lease interest income Lease revenues relating to variable lease payments not included in measurement of the sales-type lease receivable 
 
 For HEP s sales-type leases, HEP included customer obligations related to minimum volume requirements in guaranteed minimum lease payments. Portions of HEP s minimum guaranteed pipeline tariffs for assets subject to sales-type lease accounting are recorded as interest income with the remaining amounts recorded as a reduction in net investment in leases. HEP recognized any billings for throughput volumes in excess of minimum volume requirements as variable lease payments, and these variable lease payments were recorded in lease revenues. 
 
 98 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payment receipts Less: imputed interest ) Unguaranteed residual assets at end of leases Net investment in leases 
 
 Unguaranteed residual assets Net investment in leases 

NOTE 4: 
 
 ownership interest in each of Osage Pipe Line Company, LLC, the owner of a pipeline running from Cushing, Oklahoma to El Dorado, Kansas (the Osage Pipeline Cheyenne Pipeline, LLC, the owner of a pipeline running from Fort Laramie, Wyoming to Cheyenne, Wyoming (the Cheyenne Pipeline and Cushing Connect Pipeline Terminal LLC Cushing Connect ), the owner of a crude oil storage terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma and a pipeline that runs from Cushing, Oklahoma to our Tulsa West and Tulsa East facilities (collectively, the Tulsa Refineries a ownership interest in Saddle Butte Pipeline III, LLC, the owner of a pipeline from the Powder River Basin to Casper, Wyoming (the Saddle Butte Pipeline and a ownership interest in Pioneer Investments Corp., the owner of a pipeline from Sinclair, Wyoming to the North Salt Lake City, Utah Terminal (the Pioneer Pipeline ). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned a limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in HEP. As the general partner of HEP, we have the sole ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact HEP's financial performance, and therefore as HEP's primary beneficiary, we consolidate HEP. 
 
 HEP generates revenues by charging tariffs for transporting petroleum products and crude oil through its pipelines, by charging fees for terminalling refined products and other hydrocarbons, and by storing and providing other services at its storage tanks and terminals. Under our long-term transportation agreements with HEP (discussed further below), we accounted for of HEP s total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not provide financial or equity support through any liquidity arrangements and / or debt guarantees to HEP. 
 
 HEP has outstanding debt under a senior secured revolving credit agreement and its senior notes. HEP s creditors have no recourse to our assets. Furthermore, our creditors have no recourse to the assets of HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. See Note 13 for a description of HEP s debt obligations. 
 
 99 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

newly issued common limited partner units of HEP with a value of approximately million based on HEP s fully diluted common limited partner units outstanding and HEP s closing unit price on March 11, 2022, and cash consideration equal to million, inclusive of final working capital adjustments pursuant to the Contribution Agreement for an aggregate transaction value of million. 
 
 As a result of this common unit issuance and our resulting HEP ownership change, we adjusted additional capital and equity attributable to HEP s noncontrolling interest holders to reallocate HEP s equity among its unitholders. 
 
 As part of HEP s acquisition of STC, HEP acquired the non-operated interest of UNEV not already owned by HEP and as such, UNEV, the owner of a pipeline running from Woods Cross, Utah to Las Vegas, Nevada and associated product terminals, became a wholly owned subsidiary of HEP. 
 
 HEP s existing senior management team continues to operate HEP. Pursuant to that certain unitholders agreement (the Unitholders Agreement by and among HEP, Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C., Navajo Pipeline Co., L.P. and the REH Parties, REH Company was granted the right to nominate, and has nominated, one director to the HEP Board of Directors at the Closing Date. REH Company s stockholders have also agreed to certain customary lock up restrictions and registration rights for the HEP common limited partner units to be issued to the stockholders of REH Company. HEP will continue to be named Holly Energy Partners, L.P. 
 
 Contemporaneous with the closing of the Sinclair Transactions, HEP and HollyFrontier amended certain intercompany agreements, including the master throughput agreement, to include within the scope of such agreements certain of the assets acquired by HEP pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. 
 
 Cushing Connect Joint Venture 
 In October 2019, HEP Cushing and Plains formed a 50/50 joint venture, Cushing Connect, for (i) the development, construction, ownership and operation of a new barrel per day common carrier crude oil pipeline (the Cushing Connect Pipeline that connects the Cushing, Oklahoma crude oil hub to our Tulsa Refineries and (ii) the ownership and operation of million barrels of crude oil storage in Cushing, Oklahoma (the Cushing Connect Terminal ). The Cushing Connect Terminal was fully in service beginning in April 2020, and the Cushing Connect Pipeline was placed in service during the third quarter of 2021. Long-term commercial agreements have been entered into to support the Cushing Connect assets. 
 
 Cushing Connect entered into a contract with an affiliate of HEP to manage the operation of the Cushing Connect Pipeline and with an affiliate of Plains to manage the operation of the Cushing Connect Terminal. The total investment in Cushing Connect was shared proportionately among the partners. However, HEP was solely responsible for any Cushing Connect Pipeline construction costs that exceeded the budget by more than . HEP s share of the cost of the Cushing Connect Terminal contributed by Plains and Cushing Connect Pipeline construction costs was approximately million. 
 
 Transportation Agreements 
 HEP serves our refineries under long-term pipeline, terminal and tankage throughput agreements and refinery processing tolling agreements expiring from 2023 through 2037. Under these agreements, we pay HEP fees to transport, store and process throughput volumes of refined products, crude oil and feedstocks on HEP's pipelines, terminals, tankage, loading rack facilities and refinery processing units that result in minimum annual payments to HEP. Under these agreements, the agreed upon tariff rates are subject to annual tariff rate adjustments on July 1 at a rate based upon the percentage change in Producer Price Index or Federal Energy Regulatory Commission index. As of December 31, 2022, these agreements required minimum annualized payments to HEP of million . 
 
 100 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 5: 
 
 Specialty lubricant products (2) 
 Asphalt, fuel oil and other products (3) 
 Total refined product revenues Excess crude oil revenues (4) 
 Renewable diesel revenues (5) 
 Transportation and logistic services Marketing revenues (6) 
 Other revenues (7) 
 Total sales and other revenues 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Refined product revenues by market United States Mid-Continent Southwest Rocky Mountains Northeast Canada Europe, Asia and Latin America Total refined product revenues 
 
 (1) Transportation fuels revenues are attributable to our Refining segment wholesale marketing of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. For the year ended December 31, 2020, million is reported in our Corporate and Other segment. 
 (2) Specialty lubricant products consist of base oil, waxes, finished lubricants and other specialty fluids. 
 (3) Asphalt, fuel oil and other products revenue include revenues attributable to our Refining and Lubricants and Specialty Products segments of million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021 such revenues attributable to our Refining and Lubricants and Specialty Products were million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020 such revenue attributable to our Refining and Lubricants and Specialty Products segments were million and million, respectively. 
 (4) Excess crude oil revenues represent sales of purchased crude oil inventory that at times exceeds the supply needs of our refineries. 
 (5) Renewable diesel revenues are attributable to our Renewables segment. 
 101 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Our consolidated balance sheets reflect contract liabilities related to unearned revenues attributable to future service obligations under HEP s third-party transportation agreements and production agreements from our Sonneborn operations. 
 Increase Recognized as revenue ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have long-term contracts with customers that specify minimum volumes of gasoline, diesel, lubricants and specialty products to be sold ratably at market prices through 2032. Future prices are subject to market fluctuations and therefore, we have elected the exemption to exclude variable consideration under these contracts under Accounting Standards Codification 606-10-50-14A. 
 
 Additionally, HEP has long-term contracts with third-party customers that specify minimum volumes of product to be transported through its pipelines and terminals that result in fixed-minimum annual reven ues throu gh 2025. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had one customer, Shell, together with certain of its affiliates, that accounted for 10 or more of our total annual revenues at approximately and , respectively. We had no cu stomers which had accounted for over 10 of our annual revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

NOTE 6: 
 
 102 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Commodity forward contracts RINS receivable (1) 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Liabilities: NYMEX futures contracts Commodity collar contracts Commodity forward contracts RINs credit obligations (1) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Carrying Amount Fair Value by Input Level Financial Instrument Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) December 31, 2021 Assets: Commodity forward contracts Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Liabilities: NYMEX futures contracts Commodity forward contracts RINs credit obligations (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 (1) REH Company is financially responsible for satisfaction of RINs credit obligations for all periods prior to the closing of the Sinclair Transactions. See Note 2 for additional information on RINs credit obligations assumed in the Sinclair Transactions. 
 (2) Represent obligations for RINs credits for which we did not have sufficient quantities at December 31, 2021 to satisfy our Environmental Protection Agency EPA regulatory blending requirements. 
 
 Level 1 Financial Instruments 
 Our NYMEX futures contracts are exchange traded and are measured and recorded at fair value using quoted market prices, a Level 1 input. 
 
 103 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 7: 

) Participating securities share in earnings (1) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common shares ) Average number of shares of common stock outstanding Average number of shares of common stock outstanding assuming dilution 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 
 (1) Unvested restricted stock unit awards and unvested performance share units that settle in HF Sinclair common stock represent participating securities because they participate in nonforfeitable dividends or distributions with the common stockholders of HF Sinclair. Participating earnings represent the distributed and undistributed earnings of HF Sinclair attributable to the participating securities. Unvested restricted stock unit awards and performance share units do not participate in undistributed net losses as they are not contractually obligated to do so. 

104 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 8: 
 
 of these awards may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2020 Plan. We also have a stock compensation deferral plan which allows non-employee directors to defer settlement of vested stock granted under our share-based compensation plan. Our accounting policy for the recognition of compensation expense for awards with pro-rata vesting is to expense the costs ratably over the vesting periods. Share-based awards paid in cash upon vesting are accounted for as liability awards and recorded at fair value at the end of each reporting period with a mark-to-mark adjustment recognized in earnings. 
 
 Performance stock units Total compensation expense Tax benefit recognized on compensation expense 
 
 Additionally, HEP maintains an equity-based compensation plan for Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C.'s non-employee directors and certain executives and employees. Compensation cost attributable to HEP s equity-based compensation plan was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Under our long-term incentive plan, we grant certain officers and other key employees restricted stock unit awards, which are payable in stock or cash and generally vest over a period of one to . Restricted stock unit award recipients have the right to receive dividends, however, restricted stock units do not have any other rights of absolute ownership. Upon vesting, restrictions on the restricted stock units lapse at which time they convert to common shares or cash. In addition, we grant non-employee directors restricted stock unit awards, which typically vest over a period of and are payable in stock. The fair value of each restricted stock unit award is measured based on the grant date market price of our common shares and is amortized over the respective vesting period. We account for forfeitures on an estimated basis. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 105 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million, million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we granted restricted stock units having a weighted average grant date fair value of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock unit grants. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid million, million and million, respectively, in cash equal to the value of the stock award on the vest date to certain employees to settle , and restricted stock units, respectively. 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 Under our long-term incentive plan, we grant certain officers and other key employees performance share units, which are payable in stock or cash upon meeting certain criteria over the service period, and generally vest over a period of . Under the terms of our performance share unit grants, awards are subject to financial performance and market performance criteria. Financial performance is based on our financial performance compared to a peer group of independent refining companies, while market performance is based on the relative standing of total shareholder return achieved by HF Sinclair compared to peer group companies. The number of shares ultimately issued or cash paid under these awards can range from to of target award amounts. Holders of performance share units have the right to receive dividend equivalents and other distributions with respect to such performance share units based on the target level of payout. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock, representing a payout on vested performance share units having a grant date fair value of million. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we issued common stock upon the vesting of the performance share units having a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested performance share units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid million in cash equal to the value of the stock award on the vest date to certain employees to settle performance share units. 
 
 106 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 9: 
 
 Other raw materials and unfinished products (1) 
 Finished products (2) 
 Lower of cost or market reserve ) ) Process chemicals (3) 
 Repairs and maintenance supplies and other (4) 
 Total inventory 
 
 (1) Other raw materials and unfinished products include feedstocks and blendstocks, other than crude. 
 (2) Finished products include gasolines, jet fuels, diesels, renewable diesels, lubricants, asphalts, LPG s and residual fuels. 
 (3) Process chemicals include additives and other chemicals. 
 (4) Includes RINs. 
 
 The excess replacement cost over the LIFO value of our refinery inventories was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a decrease to cost of products sold of million due to the effect of the change in the lower of cost or market reserve recorded on our refinery inventories at that time. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a charge of million to cost of products sold as we liquidated certain quantities of LIFO inventory at our Cheyenne Refinery that were carried at historical acquisition costs above market prices at the time of liquidation. 
 
 Our renewables inventories that are valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market reflect a valuation reserve of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A new market reserve of million as of December 31, 2022 was based on market conditions and prices at that time. The effect of the change in the lower of cost or market reserve was an increase of cost of products sold totaling million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 10: 
 
 Refining facilities Pipelines and terminals Transportation vehicles Other fixed assets Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 We capitalized interest attributable to construction projects of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 107 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 11: 
 
 billion. The carrying amount of our goodwill may fluctuate from period to period due to the effects of foreign currency translation adjustments on goodwill assigned to our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment. 
 
 Additional goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) 
 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment testing quantitatively as of July 1, 2022 and determined there was impairment of goodwill attributable to our reporting units. Additionally, there was impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See below for discussion of our goodwill and long-lived assets impairment recognized in 2020. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we determined that indicators of potential goodwill and long-lived asset impairments were present and performed recoverability testing for long-lived assets and an interim test for goodwill impairment as of May 31, 2020. Impairment indicators included the recent economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, reductions in the prices of our finished goods and raw materials and the related decrease in our gross margins, as well as the recent decline in our market capitalization. Additionally, our second quarter 2020 announcement of the planned conversion of our Cheyenne Refinery to renewable diesel production was also considered a triggering event requiring assessment of potential impairments to the carrying value of our Cheyenne Refinery asset group. As a result of our long-lived asset recoverability testing, we determined that the carrying value of the long-lived assets of our Cheyenne Refinery and PCLI asset groups were not recoverable, and thus recorded long-lived asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2020. Our interim goodwill impairment testing indicated that there was no impairment of goodwill at our Refining and Lubricants and Specialty Products reporting units as of May 31, 2020. The estimated fair values of the Cheyenne Refinery and PCLI asset groups were determined using a combination of the income and cost approaches. The income approach was based on management s best estimates of the expected future cash flows over the remaining useful life of the asset group. The cost approach utilized assumptions for the current replacement costs of similar assets adjusted for estimated depreciation and economic obsolescence. These fair value measurements involve significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). See Note 6 for further discussion of Level 3 inputs. 
 
 108 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million for construction-in-progress, consisting primarily of engineering work for potential upgrades to certain processing units at our Tulsa and El Dorado Refineries. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we concluded not to pursue these projects in light of recent economic and market conditions. 
 
 Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, our annual budgeting process identified downward forecast revisions specific to the Sonneborn reporting unit within our Lubricants and Specialty Products segment; largely from declines in gross margin as compared to historic levels and an increase in forecasted capital expenditures. As such, we concluded it was more likely than not that the carrying value of the Sonneborn reporting unit exceeded its fair value, and we performed an interim quantitative test for goodwill impairment as of December 1, 2020. As a result of our impairment testing, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million during the fourth quarter of 2020 for the Sonneborn reporting unit. No other reporting units required an interim impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 The estimated fair values of our reporting units tested quantitatively were derived using a combination of income and market approaches. The income approach reflects expected future cash flows based on estimated forecasted production levels, selling prices, gross margins, operating costs and capital expenditures. Our market approaches include both the guideline public company and guideline transaction methods. Both methods utilize pricing multiples derived from historical market transactions of other like kind assets. These fair value measurements involve significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). See Note 6 for further discussion of Level 3 inputs. 
 
 A reasonable expectation exists that further deterioration in our operating results or overall economic conditions could result in an impairment of goodwill and / or additional long-lived assets impairments at some point in the future. Future impairment charges could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Intangibles 
 - years 
 Transportation agreements years 
 Trademarks, patents and other - years 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangibles, net 
 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

109 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 12: 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for environmental remediation obligations. The accrued environmental liability reflected on our consolidated balance sheets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were classified as other long-term liabilities. These accruals include remediation and monitoring costs expected to be incurred over an extended period of time. Accrued environmental liabilities assumed in the Sinclair Transactions were million at the acquisition date and an associated receivable from third parties of million. Estimated liabilities could increase in the future when the results of ongoing investigations become known, are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. 

NOTE 13: 
 
 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility m aturing in April 2026 (the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement ). The HF Sinclair Credit Agreement may be used for revolving credit loans and letters of credit from time to time and is available to fund general corporate purposes. The HF Sinclair Credit Agreement replaced the billion senior unsecured credit facility of HollyFrontier, which was terminated on April 27, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants, had outstanding borrowings and had outstanding letters of credit totaling million under the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement. 
 
 Indebtedness under the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement bears interest, at our option based on the currency of such indebtedness at either (a) a base rate equal to the highest of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement) plus half of 1 , Spread Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement) for a one-month interest period plus and the prime rate (as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent), as applicable, plus an applicable margin (ranging from - ), (b) the CDOR Rate (as defined in the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (ranging from to ), (c) the Spread Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (ranging from to or (d) the Daily Simple RFR (as defined in the HF Sinclair Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (ranging from to ). In each case, the applicable margin is based on HF Sinclair's debt rating assigned by Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC and Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 
 HEP Credit Agreement 
 HEP has a billion senior secured revolving credit facility maturity in July 2025 (the HEP Credit Agreement ). In August 2022, the HEP Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, provide an alternative reference rate for LIBOR. The HEP Credit Agreement is available to fund capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, distribution payments, working capital and for general partnership purposes. It is also available to fund letters of credit up to a million sub-limit and has an accordion feature that allows HEP to increase the commitments under the HEP Credit Agreement up to a maximum amount of billion. At December 31, 2022, HEP was in compliance with all of its covenants, had outstanding borrowings of million and outstanding letters of credit under the HEP Credit Agreement. 
 
 Prior to the Investment Grade Date (as defined in the HEP Credit Agreement), indebtedness under the HEP Credit Agreement bears interest, at HEP s option, at either (a) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the HEP Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (ranging from - or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the HEP Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin (ranging from - ). In each case, the applicable margin is based upon HEP s Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the HEP Credit Agreement). The weighted average interest rate in effect under the HEP Credit Agreement on HEP s borrowings was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 HEP s obligations under the HEP Credit Agreement are collateralized by substantially all of HEP s assets and are guaranteed by HEP's material wholly-owned subsidiaries. Any recourse to the general partner would be limited to the extent of HEP Logistics Holdings, L.P. s assets, which other than its investment in HEP are not significant. HEP s creditors have no recourse to our other assets. Furthermore, our creditors have no recourse to the assets of HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 110 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

senior notes maturing October 2023 (the HollyFrontier Senior Notes ), senior notes maturing April 2026 (the HollyFrontier Senior Notes and senior notes maturing October 2030 (the HollyFrontier Senior Notes (and, collectively, the HollyFrontier Senior Notes for senior notes maturing October 2023 (the HF Sinclair Senior Notes ), senior notes maturing April 2026 (the HF Sinclair Senior Notes and senior notes maturing October 2030 (the HF Sinclair Senior Notes (and, collectively, the HF Sinclair Senior Notes to be issued by HF Sinclair and cash. Additionally, HF Sinclair solicited consents to adopt certain amendments to the indenture governing the HollyFrontier Senior Notes. 
 
 In connection with the exchange offers and consent solicitations, HollyFrontier amended the indenture governing the HollyFrontier Senior Notes to eliminate (i) substantially all of the restrictive covenants, (ii) certain of the events which may lead to an Event of Default , (iii) the SEC reporting covenant and (iv) with respect to the HollyFrontier Senior Notes and the HollyFrontier Senior Notes only, the offer to repurchase such senior notes upon certain change of control triggering events. 
 
 The HF Sinclair Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of ours and rank equally with all our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Each series of HF Sinclair Senior Notes has the same interest rate (including interest rate adjustment provisions, as applicable), interest payment dates, maturity date and redemption terms as the corresponding series of HollyFrontier Senior Notes. The HF Sinclair Senior Notes were issued in exchange for the HollyFrontier Senior Notes pursuant to a private exchange offer exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 
 On September 12, 2022, HF Sinclair filed a registration statement, which was declared effective on September 21, 2022, to exchange the HF Sinclair Senior Notes for an equal principal amount of the respective series of the HF Sinclair Senior Notes (the Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes ). The Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes are substantially identical to the HF Sinclair Senior Notes in all material respects except the Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes are registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or to any increase in annual interest rate for failure to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, and will not have the registration rights applicable to the HF Sinclair Senior Notes. 
 
 On October 21, 2022, HF Sinclair completed its offers to exchange HF Sinclair Senior Notes for Registered HF Sinclair Senior Notes. 
 
 Further, we may from time to time seek to retire some or all of our outstanding debt or debt agreements through cash purchases, and/or exchanges, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, may be material and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made open market repurchases of HF Sinclair Senior Notes and HollyFrontier Senior Notes that resulted in the extinguishment of million in principal of the HF Sinclair Senior Notes and dollars in principal of the HollyFrontier Senior Notes. Total cash consideration paid to repurchase the principal amount outstanding, excluding accrued interest, totaled million, and we recognized a million gain on the extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 HF Sinclair Financing Arrangements 
 Certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries entered into financing arrangements whereby such subsidiaries sold a portion of their precious metals catalyst to a financial institution and then leased back the precious metals catalyst in exchange for cash. The volume of the precious metals catalyst and the lease rate are fixed over the term of each lease, and the lease payments are recorded as interest expense. The current leases mature in one year or less. Upon maturity, we must either satisfy the obligation at fair market value or refinance to extend the maturity. These financing arrangements are recorded at a Level 2 fair value totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 6 for additional information on Level 2 inputs. 
 
 111 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

million in aggregate principal amount of HEP senior unsecured notes maturing in February 2028 (the HEP Senior Notes ). Subsequently, in February 2020, HEP redeemed its existing million aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing August 2024 at a redemption cost of million. HEP recognized a million early extinguishment loss consisting of a million debt redemption premium and unamortized discount and financing costs of million. 
 
 On April 8, 2022, HEP closed a private placement of million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing April 2027 (the HEP Senior Notes at par for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The net proceeds from the offering of the HEP Senior Notes were used to partially repay outstanding borrowings under the HEP Credit Agreement. 
 
 The HEP Senior Notes and the HEP Senior Notes (collectively, the HEP Senior Notes are unsecured and impose certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on HEP s ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, sell assets, incur certain liens, pay distributions, enter into transactions with affiliates, and enter into mergers. HEP was in compliance with the restrictive covenants for the HEP Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022. At any time when the HEP Senior Notes are rated investment grade by either Moody s Investor Service, Inc. or S P Global Ratings and no default or event of default exists, HEP will not be subject to many of the foregoing covenants. Additionally, HEP has certain redemption rights at varying premiums over face value under the HEP Senior Notes. 
 
 Indebtedness under the HEP Senior Notes is guaranteed by HEP s wholly-owned subsidiaries. HEP s creditors have no recourse to our assets. Furthermore, our creditors have no recourse to the assets of HEP and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 112 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 HF Sinclair Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Less current debt (1) 
 ) Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (1) 
 ) ) Total HF Sinclair long-term debt HEP Credit Agreement HEP Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total HEP long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 (1) The HollyFrontier Senior Notes and HF Sinclair Senior Notes, inclusive of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of million, are due October 2023 and are classified as Current debt as of December 31, 2022 on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The fair values of the senior notes are as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) HollyFrontier and HF Sinclair Senior Notes HEP Senior Notes 
 
 These fair values are based on a Level 2 input. See Note 6 for additional information on Level 2 inputs. 
 
 113 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 14: 
 
 ) Sales and other revenues ) ) ) Cost of products sold Operating expenses ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 114 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 
 
 ) Operating expenses ) Interest expense ) ) Foreign currency contracts Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Barrels Forward gasoline and diesel contracts - long Barrels Foreign currency forward contracts 
 U. S. dollar Forward commodity contracts (platinum) 
 Troy ounces Natural gas price swaps (basis spread) - long MMBTU Natural gas collar contracts MMBTU 
 
 115 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Commodity price swap contracts 
 Commodity collar contracts Commodity forward contracts Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Total net balance Balance sheet classification: Prepayment and other Accrued liabilities 
 
 Derivatives in Net Asset Position Derivatives in Net Liability Position Gross Assets Gross Liabilities Offset in Balance Sheet Net Assets Recognized in Balance Sheet Gross Liabilities Gross Assets Offset in Balance Sheet Net Liabilities Recognized in Balance Sheet (In thousands) December 31, 2021 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments: Commodity forward contracts 
 Derivatives not designated as cash flow hedging instruments: NYMEX futures contracts Commodity forward contracts Foreign currency forward contracts 
 ) ) Total net balance Balance sheet classification: Prepayments and other Accrued liabilities 

116 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 15: 
 
 ) ) State ) ) Foreign Deferred Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) 
 
 ) State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Noncontrolling interest in net income ) ) ) Effect of change in state rate ) ) CARES Act benefits ) ) Foreign rate differential ) Federal tax credits ) ) US tax on non-US operations Effect of nondeductible goodwill impairment charge Other ) ) 
 
 117 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 
 
 ) Lease obligation Accrued employee benefits Accrued post-retirement benefits Accrued environmental costs Hedging instruments Inventory differences ) ) Deferred turnaround costs ) ) Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Investment in HEP ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Assets Liabilities Total (In thousands) Deferred income taxes Properties, plants, equipment and intangibles (due primarily to tax in excess of book depreciation) ) ) Lease obligation Accrued employee benefits Accrued post-retirement benefits Accrued environmental costs Hedging instruments ) ) Inventory differences ) ) Deferred turnaround costs ) ) Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Investment in HEP ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Other Total ) ) 
 
 We have tax benefits attributable to net operating losses of million in Luxembourg that can be carried forward 16 years which will begin expiring in 2034 . We also have tax benefits attributable to net operating losses of million in the Netherlands that can be carried forward indefinitely. We have reflected a valuation allowance of million in 2022 and million in 2021 with respect to net operating carryforwards that primarily relate to losses in Luxembourg and China. 
 118 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were million, million, and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. Unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted in the period in which new information about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs from the amount recorded. 
 
 Approximately million of the unrecognized tax benefits relates to claims filed with the IRS on the federal income tax treatment of refundable biodiesel/ethanol blending tax credits for prior years. We filed suit related to these claims in the Federal District Court of Dallas in March of 2022; the suit was stayed pending the outcome of controlling cases in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which were decided in favor of the IRS and were not appealed. As such precedence is controlling for us, we intend to file a motion to dismiss the suit in the Federal District Court of Dallas in early 2023 and have reduced our unrecognized tax benefits by the expected unrecoverable amount. 
 
 We recognize interest and penalties relating to liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits as an element of tax expense. We have not recorded any penalties related to our uncertain tax positions as we believe that it is more likely than not that there will not be any assessment of penalties. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. and Canadian federal income tax, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Iowa, Arizona, Utah, Colorado and Nebraska income tax and to income tax of multiple other state jurisdictions. We have substantially concluded all state and local income tax matters for tax years through 2018. Other than the federal claim noted above and to the extent of the federal net operating loss carried back to 2015 from 2020, we have materially concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for tax years through December 31, 2018. We are currently under audit with the Canada Revenue Agency for the 2018 tax year, and during the fourth quarter of 2022, an IRS audit was initiated for the federal income tax returns for the 2020 and 2021 tax years. 

NOTE 16: 
 
 billion share repurchase program, which replaced all existing share repurchase programs as of that time, authorizing us to repurchase common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. In June 2022, our Board of Directors determined that privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company (formerly known as The Sinclair Companies) are also authorized under the share repurchase program, subject to REH Company s interest in selling its shares and other limitations. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased million under this share repurchase program, of which million were repurchased pursuant to privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company. 
 
 119 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

billion share repurchase program, which, effective September 26, 2022, replaced all existing share repurchase programs, including million remaining under the previously existing billion share repurchase program. This new share repurchase program authorizes us to repurchase common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. Privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company are also authorized under the share repurchase program, subject to REH Company s interest in selling its shares and other limitations. The timing and amount of share repurchases, including those from REH Company, will depend on market conditions and corporate, tax, regulatory and other relevant considerations. This program may be discontinued at any time by our Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased million under this new share repurchase program, of which million was pursuant to a privately negotiated repurchase from REH Company. In addition, we are authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase shares in an amount sufficient to offset shares issued under our compensation programs. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made open market and privately negotiated purchases of shares for million under our share repurchase programs, of which shares were repurchased for million pursuant to privately negotiated repurchases from REH Company. As of December 31, 2022 we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to million under the new share repurchase program, of which we repurchased shares for million year-to-date February 15, 2023. 
 
 On December 14, 2022, we agreed to repurchase an aggregate of shares of our outstanding common stock from a registered broker for an aggregate purchase price of million (the December Repurchase ). The purchase price was funded with cash on hand. The shares repurchased are held as treasury stock. 
 
 The December Repurchase was made in connection with the sale by REH Company of approximately shares of common stock, inclusive of the shares we repurchased, in an unregistered block trade permitted under applicable securities laws (such sale, the Sale ). In connection with the Sale, REH Company agreed to customary lock-up restrictions that will expire 60 days following the date of the Sale, subject to waiver by the broker and certain exceptions, including, but not limited to, privately negotiated sales or transfers of common stock to us from REH Company. 
 
 The December Repurchase was made pursuant to separate authorization from our Board of Directors and not as part of our billion share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on September 21, 2022, and accordingly, did not reduce the remaining authorization thereunder. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we withheld , , and shares, respectively, of our common stock from certain employees in the amounts of million, million and million, respectively. These withholdings were made under the terms of restricted stock unit and performance share unit agreements upon vesting, at which time, we concurrently made cash payments to fund payroll and income taxes on behalf of officers and employees who elected to have shares withheld from vested amounts to pay such taxes. 

120 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

NOTE 17: ) ) Net unrealized gain on hedging instruments Net change in pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations 
 Other comprehensive loss attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gain on hedging instruments Net change in pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustment Net unrealized loss on hedging instruments ) ) ) Net change in pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to HF Sinclair stockholders ) ) ) 
 
 121 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 
 ) ) Sales and other revenues Cost of products sold ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net of tax Other post-retirement benefit obligations: 
 Pension obligations Other, net Income tax expense Net of tax Post-retirement healthcare obligations Other, net 
 Income tax expense Net of tax Retirement restoration plan ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on pension obligations ) Unrealized gain on post-retirement benefit obligations Unrealized loss on hedging instruments ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 

NOTE 18: 

122 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Transfer from other plans Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Pension plans benefit obligation - end of year Change in pension plans assets Fair value of plans assets - beginning of period Return on plans assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Transfer payments Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plans assets - end of year Funded status Under-funded balance ) ) Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets Other long-term liabilities ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Cumulative actuarial loss ) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are also the measurement dates used for our pension plans. 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 123 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

to . The weighted average assumptions used to determine the end of period benefit obligation for the PCLI plans for the year ended December 31, 2021 were a discount rate and the rate of future compensation increases of . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average assumption used to determine end of period benefit obligations for Sonneborn were discount rates of and , respectively. 
 
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligations Expected return on plans assets ) ) ) Amortization of gain ) ) ) Curtailment ) Contractual termination benefits Net periodic pension expense 
 
 The components, other than service cost, of our net periodic pension expense are recorded in Other, net on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Fixed income 
 
 See Note 6 for additional information on Level 1 and 2 inputs. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is for the PCLI pension plans and is based on a target investment of in fixed income. 
 
 We expect to contribute million to the PCLI and Sonneborn pensions plans in 2023. Benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be paid as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million in 2028 to 2032. Benefit payments expected to be paid in 2024 include the estimate of the net present value of all expected benefit payments to be paid out once the PCLI union and non-union pension plans windup has been finalized. 
 
 Post-retirement Healthcare Plans 
 We have post-retirement healthcare and other benefits plans that are available to certain of our employees who satisfy certain age and service requirements. These plans are unfunded and provide differing levels of healthcare benefits dependent upon hire date and work location. Not all of our employees are covered by these plans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 124 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Post-retirement plans' benefit obligation - end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets - beginning of year Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets - end of year Funded status Under-funded balance ) ) Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets Accrued liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Cumulative actuarial gain (loss) ) Prior service credit Total 
 
 Benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be paid as follows: million in 2023; million in 2024; million in 2025; million in 2026; million in 2027; and million in 2028 through 2032. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Current health care trend rate - 
 - 
 Ultimate health care trend rate - 
 - 
 Year rate reaches ultimate trend rate - 
 - 

125 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligations Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of (gain) loss ) Net periodic post-retirement credit ) ) ) 
 
 The components, other than service cost, of our net periodic post-retirement credit are recorded in Other, net on our consolidated statements of operations. Prior service credits are amortized over the average remaining effective period to obtain full benefit eligibility for participants. 
 
 Retirement Restoration Plan 
 We have an unfunded retirement restoration plan that provides for additional payments from us so that total retirement plan benefits for certain executives will be maintained at the levels provided in the retirement plan before the application of Internal Revenue Code limitations. We expensed million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in connection with this plan. The accrued liability reflected on the consolidated balance sheets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the projected benefit obligation under this plan was million. Annual benefit payments of million are expected to be paid through 2032, which reflect expected future service. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 We have defined contribution plans that cover substantially all qualified employees in the U.S, Canada and the Netherlands. Our contributions are based on an employee's eligible compensation and years of service. We also partially match our employees contributions. We expense d million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with these plans. 

NOTE 19: 
 
 million, which is reflected in our Corporate and Other segment, from the settlement of our business interruption claim related to winter storm Uri that occurred in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 We filed a business interruption claim with our insurance carriers related to a loss at our Woods Cross Refinery that occurred in the first quarter 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we reached a final settlement agreement regarding the amounts owed to us pursuant to our business interruption coverage, and we recognized a gain of million, which is reflected in our Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 126 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

shares of HF Sinclair common stock and HEP common units, in each case, out of the purchase consideration paid to REH Company, are held in escrow to secure REH Company s RINs credit obligations under the Business Combination Agreement. HF Sinclair, and not HEP, would be entitled to the HEP common units held in escrow in the event of REH Company s breach of its RINs credit obligations under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 During 2017, 2018 and 2019, the EPA granted the Cheyenne Refinery and the refinery in Woods Cross, Utah (the Woods Cross Refinery each a one-year small refinery exemption from the Renewable Fuel Standard RFS program requirements for the 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, calendar years. As a result, the Cheyenne Refinery s and Woods Cross Refinery s gasoline and diesel production are not subject to the Renewable Volume Obligation for the respective years. Upon each exemption granted, we increased our inventory of RINs and reduced our cost of products sold. 
 
 On April 7, 2022, the EPA issued a decision reversing the grant of small refinery exemptions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2018 compliance year. On June 3, 2022, the EPA issued a decision reversing the grant of small refinery exemptions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2016 compliance year and denying small refinery exemption petitions for our Woods Cross and Cheyenne refineries for the 2019 and 2020 compliance years. Various subsidiaries of HollyFrontier are currently pursuing legal challenges to the EPA s decisions to reverse its grant of small refinery exemptions for the 2016 and 2018 compliance years. The first lawsuit, filed against the EPA on May 6, 2022 and currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, seeks to have the EPA s reversal of our 2018 small refinery exemption petitions overturned. The second lawsuit, filed against the EPA on August 5, 2022 and currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, seeks to have the EPA s reversal of our 2016 small refinery exemption petitions overturned and to have the EPA s denial of our 2019 and 2020 small refinery exemption petitions reversed. In addition, for both the 2016 and 2018 compliance years, pursuant to the June 2022 and April 2022 decisions, respectively, the EPA established an alternative compliance demonstration for small refineries pursuant to which the EPA is not imposing any obligations for the small refineries whose exemptions were reversed. On June 24, 2022, Growth Energy filed two lawsuits in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit against the EPA challenging the alternative compliance demonstration for the 2016 and 2018 compliance years. On July 25, 2022, various subsidiaries of HollyFrontier intervened on behalf of the EPA to aid the defense of the EPA s alternative compliance demonstration decision. It is too early to predict the outcome of these matters. We are unable to estimate the costs we may incur, if any, at this time. 
 
 We have been party to multiple proceedings before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC challenging the rates charged by SFPP, L.P. SFPP on its East Line pipeline facilities from El Paso, Texas to Phoenix, Arizona. In March 2018, FERC ruled that SFPP, as a master limited partnership, was prohibited from including an allowance for investor income taxes in the cost of service underlying its East Line rates. We reached a negotiated settlement with SFPP that provides for a payment to us of million. FERC approved the settlement on December 31, 2020 subject to a rehearing period that resulted in a settlement effective date of February 2, 2021. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, SFPP made the million payment to us on February 10, 2021 we recorded as "Gain on tariff settlement" on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Contractual Commitments 
 We have various long-term agreements (entered in the normal course of business) to purchase crude oil, natural gas, feedstocks and other resources to ensure we have adequate supplies to operate our refineries. The substantial majority of our purchase obligations are based on market prices or rates. These contracts expire i n 2023 through 2025. 
 
 We also have long-term agreements with third parties for the transportation and storage of crude oil, natural gas and feedstocks to our refineries and for terminal and storage services that expire in 2023 through 2040 . 
 
 127 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Transportation and storage costs incurred under these agreements totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts do not include contractual commitments under our long-term transportation agreements with HEP, as all transactions with HEP are eliminated in these consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 20: 
 
 reportable segments: Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants and Specialty Products and HEP. Our operations that are not included in one of these five reportable segments are included in Corporate and Other. Intersegment transactions are eliminated on our consolidated financial statements and are included in Eliminations. Corporate and Other and Eliminations are aggregated and presented under the Corporate, Other and Eliminations column. 
 
 As a result of the Sinclair Transactions that closed on March 14, 2022, the operations of the Acquired Sinclair Businesses are reported in the Refining, Renewables, Marketing and HEP segments. 
 
 The Refining segment represents the operations of our El Dorado, Tulsa, Navajo and Woods Cross refineries and HF Sinclair Asphalt Company LLC Asphalt ). Also, effective with our acquisition that closed on November 1, 2021, the Refining segment includes our Puget Sound refinery, and effective with our acquisition that closed on March 14, 2022, includes our Parco and Casper refineries. Refining activities involve the purchase and refining of crude oil and wholesale marketing of refined products, such as gasoline, diesel fuel and jet fuel. These petroleum products are primarily marketed in the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountains extending into the Pacific Northwest geographic regions of the United States. Asphalt operates various asphalt terminals in Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma. 
 
 The Renewables segment represents the operations of the Cheyenne renewable diesel unit RDU ), which was mechanically complete in the fourth quarter of 2021 and operational in the first quarter of 2022, the pre-treatment unit PTU at our Artesia, New Mexico facility, which was completed and operational in the first quarter of 2022 and the Artesia RDU, which was completed and operational in the second quarter of 2022. Also, effective with our acquisition that closed on March 14, 2022, the Renewables segment includes the Sinclair RDU. 
 
 Effective with our acquisition that closed on March 14, 2022, the Marketing segment includes branded fuel sales to more than Sinclair branded sites in the United States and licensing fees for the use of the Sinclair brand at more than additional locations throughout the country. Additionally, the Marketing segment includes branded fuel sales to non-Sinclair branded sites from legacy HollyFrontier agreements. 
 
 The Lubricants and Specialty Products segment represents Petro-Canada Lubricants Inc. s PCLI production operations, located in Mississauga, Ontario, that includes lubricant products such as base oils, white oils, specialty products and finished lubricants, and the operations of our Petro-Canada Lubricants business that includes the marketing of products to both retail and wholesale outlets through a global sales network with locations in Canada, the United States, Europe and China. Additionally, the Lubricants and Specialty Products segment includes specialty lubricant products produced at our Tulsa refineries that are marketed throughout North America and are distributed in Central and South America and the operations of Red Giant Oil Company LLC, one of the largest suppliers of locomotive engine oil in North America. Also, the Lubricants and Specialty Products segment includes Sonneborn, a producer of specialty hydrocarbon chemicals such as white oils, petrolatums and waxes with manufacturing facilities in the United States and Europe. 
 
 128 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

ownership interests in each of the Osage Pipeline, the Cheyenne Pipeline and Cushing Connect, a ownership interest in the Saddle Butte Pipeline and a ownership interest in the Pioneer Pipeline. Revenues from the HEP segment are earned through transactions with unaffiliated parties for pipeline transportation, rental and terminalling operations as well as revenues relating to pipeline transportation services provided for our refining operations. Due to certain basis differences, our reported amounts for the HEP segment may not agree to amounts reported in HEP s periodic public filings. 
 
 The accounting policies for our segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 1). 
 
 Intersegment revenues ) ) Cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment) 
 ) Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment 
 Operating expenses ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Income (loss) from operations ) ) Earnings of equity method investments 
 ) ) Capital expenditures 
 129 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Continued 

Intersegment revenues ) ) Cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment) 
 ) Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment 
 ) ) ) Operating expenses ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Income (loss) from operations 
 ) ) Earnings of equity method investments 
 Capital expenditures Year Ended December 31, 2020 Sales and other revenues: Revenues from external customers Intersegment revenues ) ) Cost of products sold (exclusive of lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment) ) Lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment ) Operating expenses ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment (1) 
 Income (loss) from operations ) ) ) ) ) Earnings of equity method investments Capital expenditures 
 
 (1) The results of our HEP reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2020 include a long-lived asset impairment charge attributed to HEP s logistics assets at our Cheyenne Refinery. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2020, Corporate and Other includes million of decommissioning and other shutdown costs related to our Cheyenne Refinery. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2020, Corporate and Other includes million in other operating costs related to our Cheyenne facility. 

130 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 We have had no change in, or disagreement with, our independent registered public accountants on matters involving accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. T here have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 See Item 8 for Management's Report on its Assessment of the Company's Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 There have been no events that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 that would need to be reported on Form 8-K that have not previously been reported. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by Items 401, 405, 406 and 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K in response to this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K in response to this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The equity compensation plan information required by Item 201(d) and the information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K in response to this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 131 

Table of Content 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K in response to this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A in response to this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 
 (1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page in Form 10-K Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 86 

(2) Index to Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits filed or furnished, as applicable, as part of this Form 10-K are listed in the Index to Exhibits. 

132 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibits are numbered to correspond to the exhibit table 
 in Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated October 19, 2009, between Holly Refining Marketing-Tulsa LLC, HEP Tulsa LLC and Sinclair Tulsa Refining Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2009, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2009, between Holly Refining Marketing-Tulsa LLC, HEP Tulsa LLC and Sinclair Tulsa Refining Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2009, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.3 Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2009, between Holly Refining Marketing-Midcon, L.L.C. and Sunoco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 16, 2009, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.4 Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2016, by and between Suncor Energy Inc. and 9952110 Canada Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2016, File No. 1-03876) . 
 2.5 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 2018, by and between Sonneborn Holdings, L.P., Sonneborn Co-Op LLC, Sonneborn Co peratief U.A. and HollyFrontier LSP Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 13, 2018, File No. 1-038 7 6). 
 2.6 Waiver and Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2019, by and between Sonneborn Holdings, L.P., Sonneborn Co-Op LLC, Sonneborn Co peratief U.A. and HollyFrontier LSP Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. File No. 1-03876). 
 2.7 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2021, by and between Equilon Enterprises LLC d/b/a Shell Oil Products US and HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 4, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.8 Waiver and Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2021, by and among HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC and Equilon Enterprises LLC d/b/a Shell Oil Products US (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.9 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among HollyFrontier Corporation, Hippo Parent Corporation, Hippo Merger Sub, Inc., The Sinclair Companies, and Hippo Holding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 2.10 Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2022, by and among HollyFrontier Corporation, Hippo Parent Corporation, Hippo Merger Sub, Inc., The Sinclair Companies and Hippo Holding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of HF Sinclair Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41 32 5). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of HF Sinclair Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 17, 2023, File No. 1-41325). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated March 22, 2016, between HollyFrontier Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 22, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 4.2 Supplemental Indenture, dated March 22, 2016, between HollyFrontier Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 22, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2020, between HollyFrontier Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 
 133 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated April 8, 2022, among HollyFrontier Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as agent for Wells Fargo, Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated February 4, 2020, by and among Holly Energy Partners, L.P., Holly Energy Finance Corp., each of the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 4, 2020, File No. 1-32225). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated April 8, 2022, by and among Holly Energy Partners, L.P., Holly Energy Finance Corp., each of the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8, 2022, File No. 1-32225). 
 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2022, among UNEV Pipeline, LLC, Holly Energy Partners, L.P. and Holly Energy Finance Corp. and the other Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, related to Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s 6.375 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of Holly Energy Partner, L.P. s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed May 23, 2022, File No. 333-2651 54 ). 
 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2022, among Sinclair Transportation Company LLC, Sinclair Logistics LLC, Sinclair Pipeline Company LLC, Holly Energy Partners, L.P. and Holly Energy Finance Corp. and the other Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, related to Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-32225). 
 4.9 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2022, among UNEV Pipeline, LLC, Holly Energy Partners, L.P. and Holly Energy Finance Corp. and the other Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, related to Holly Energy Partners, L.P. s 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed May 23, 2022, File No. 333-2651 5 4). 
 4.10 Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2022, among HF Sinclair Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 4.11 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2022, among HF Sinclair Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 4.12 Form of 2.625 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325)). 
 4.13 Form of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325)). 
 4.14 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325)). 
 4.15 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, among HF Sinclair Corporation, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and the additional parties listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 4.16 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41 32 5). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Intermediate Pipelines Agreement, dated June 1, 2009, among Holly Corporation, Navajo Refining Company, L.L.C, Holly Energy Partners, L.P., Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C., Lovington-Artesia, L.L.C., HEP Logistics Holdings, L.P., Holly Logistics Services, L.L.C. and HEP Logistics GP, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Holly Energy Partners, L.P.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2009, File No. 1-32225). 
 
 134 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Intermediate Pipelines Agreement, dated December 9, 2010, among Navajo Refining Company, L.L.C, Holly Energy Partners, L.P., Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C., Lovington-Artesia, L.L.C., HEP Logistics Holdings, L.P., Holly Logistics Services, L.L.C. and HEP Logistics GP, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.3 Tulsa Purchase Option Agreement, dated August 1, 2009, between Holly Refining Marketing - Tulsa LLC and HEP Tulsa LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Holly Energy Partners L.P.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2009, File No. 1-32225). 
 10.4 Third Amended and Restated Crude Pipelines and Tankage Agreement, dated March 12, 2015, by and among Navajo Refining Company, L.L.C., Holly Refining Marketing Company - Woods Cross LLC, HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Holly Energy Partners-Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C. and HEP Woods Cross L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2015, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Crude Pipelines and Tankage Agreement, dated April 22, 2019, by and among HollyFrontier Navajo Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C. and HEP Woods Cross, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.6 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Crude Pipelines and Tankage Agreement dated as of May 26, 2020, by and among HollyFrontier Navajo Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C. and HEP Woods Cross, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.7 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Crude Pipelines and Tankage Agreement entered into as of February 8, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among HollyFrontier Navajo Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P., HEP Pipeline, L.L.C. and HEP Woods Cross, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 11, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.8 Twenty-Second Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement, entered into and effective as of March 14, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation, Holly Energy Partners, L.P., and certain of their respective subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.9 Senior Unsecured Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, among HF Sinclair Corporation, as borrower, MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, and each of the financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 27, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.10 Release of Subsidiary Guarantee, dated December 29, 2015, by and among HollyFrontier Corporation and Union Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Unloading and Blending Services Agreement, dated January 18, 2017, effective September 16, 2016, by and between HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P. and HEP Refining L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.12 Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement entered into and effective as of March 14, 2022, by and among HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Sinclair Oil LLC and Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.13 First Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement by and among HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, Sinclair Oil LLC and Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P., dated as of October 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 

135 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.14 Second Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement, by and between HF Sinclair Refining Marketing LLC and Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P., dated as of December 22, 2022. 
 10.15 Construction Payment Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2015, by and between HEP Refining, L.L.C. and HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2015, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.16 Fourth Amended and Restated Services and Secondment Agreement, entered into as of February 8, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, by and among Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C., certain subsidiaries of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. and certain subsidiaries of HollyFrontier Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.17 Seventh Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement entered into and effective as of March 14, 2022, by and among certain subsidiaries of HF Sinclair Corporation and Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.18 Master Tolling Agreement (Refinery Assets), dated as of November 2, 2015, by and between Frontier El Dorado Refining LLC and Holly Energy Partners-Operating L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2015, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.19 Amendment to Master Tolling Agreement (Refinery Assets), dated effective January 1, 2017, by and among HollyFrontier El Dorado Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, and Holly Energy Partners-Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the HollyFrontier Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.20 Amended and Restated Master Tolling Agreement (Operating Assets), dated October 3, 2016, by and between HollyFrontier El Dorado Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, Holly Energy Partners - Operating L.P., HollyFrontier Corporation and Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.21 Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Tolling Agreement (Operating Assets), dated effective January 1, 2017, by and among HollyFrontier El Dorado Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC, and Holly Energy Partners-Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the HollyFrontier Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.22 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Tolling Agreement (Operating Assets), dated effective October 29, 2018, by and between HollyFrontier El Dorado Refining LLC, HollyFrontier Woods Cross Refining LLC and Holly Energy Partners - Operating L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2018, File No. 1-038 7 6). 
 10.23 Pipeline Deficiency Agreement, dated August 8, 2016, by and between HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC and Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 10, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.24 Construction Payment Agreement, dated October 29, 2018, effective December 13, 2017, by and among HEP Tulsa, LLC and HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2018, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.25 Services Agreement, entered into as of February 8, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, by and between HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC and Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.26 Asset Lease Agreement, entered into as of February 8, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, by and between Cheyenne Logistics LLC and Cheyenne Renewable Diesel Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.27 Letter Agreement entered into on February 8, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, by and between HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC and Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.28 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among Hippo Parent Corporation, The Sinclair Companies, and the stockholders set forth on Schedule I thereto, as may be amended from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 
 136 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.29 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.30 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.31 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 29, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.32 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 22, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.33 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 25, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.34 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.35 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2022, by and among HF Sinclair Corporation and REH Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.36 
 Escrow Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2022, by and among The Sinclair Companies, HF Sinclair Corporation (f/k/a Hippo Parent Corporation), and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Schedule 13D filed March 24, 2022, File No. 5-93610). 
 10.37 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2022, between HF Sinclair Corporation (f/k/a Hippo Parent Corporation), and The Sinclair Companies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed March 16, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.38 Assignment and Assumption Agreement entered into and effective as of March 14, 2022, by and between HollyFrontier Corporation and HF Sinclair Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed March 14, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.39+ Mutual Separation Agreement and Release of Claims by and among HF Sinclair Corporation, HollyFrontier Corporation, Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C., HollyFrontier Payroll Services, Inc., and Holly Energy Partners, L.P., on behalf of themselves and their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates and Richard Voliva, dated September 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.40+ Retirement Agreement and Release between HF Sinclair Corporation, HollyFrontier Refining Marketing LLC, HollyFrontier Renewables Holding Company LLC and HollyFrontier Payroll Services, Inc. and Thomas G. Creery dated July 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.41+ Amendment to Retirement Agreement and Release between HF Sinclair Corporation, HF Sinclair Refining Marketing LLC, HF Sinclair Renewables Holding Company LLC and HF Sinclair Payroll Services, Inc. and Thomas G. Creery dated January 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2023, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.42+ Letter Agreement between HF Sinclair Corporation and Michael C. Jennings dated February 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15, 2023, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.43+ Successor Transition Agreement and Release of Claims between HF Sinclair Corporation, HollyFrontier Corporation and HF Sinclair Payroll Services, Inc. and Michael C. Jennings dated February 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15, 2023, File No. 1-41325). 

137 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.44+ HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.45+ First Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.46+ Second Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2011, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.47+ Third Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed November 9, 2012, File No. 333-184877). 
 10.48+ Fourth Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 15, 2015, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.49+ Fifth Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.50+ Sixth Amendment to HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed March 21, 2022, File No. 333-263721). 
 10.51+ HF Sinclair Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed March 21, 2022, File No. 333-263721). 
 10.52+ HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan UK Sub-Plan (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan UK Sub-Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.53+ HF Sinclair Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Sub-Plan for UK Employees (formerly named the HollyFrontier Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Sub-Plan for UK Employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.54+ HF Sinclair Corporation Employee Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.55+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.56+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 1, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.57+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.58+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.59+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement. 
 10.60+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for non-employee directors). 
 10.61+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for non-employee directors). 
 10.62+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 
 138 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.63+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.64+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of HollyFrontier Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.65+ Form of Restricted Stock Units (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.66+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.67+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for employees). 
 10.68+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (for employees). 
 10.69+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.70+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit (for employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 of HollyFrontier Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-03876). 
 10.71+ HF Sinclair Corporation Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (formerly the HollyFrontier Corporation Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan). 
 10.72+ HF Sinclair Corporation Director s Stock Compensation Deferral Plan (formerly the HollyFrontier Corporation Director's Stock Compensation Deferral Plan). 
 10.73+ HF Sinclair Corporation Form of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into with officers and directors of HF Sinclair Corporation and its subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 10.74 HF Sinclair Corporation Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description and Form of Participation Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 9, 2022, File No. 1-41325). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

139 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

 Exhibit Number Description 101++ The following financial information from Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted as inline XBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 104++ Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Constitutes management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 ++ Filed electronically herewith. 
 Schedules and certain exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of the omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request. 
 140 

HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Michael C. Jennings Michael C. Jennings Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and as of the date indicated. 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ Michael C. Jennings Chief Executive Officer and February 28, 2023 Michael C. Jennings 
 Director /s/ Atanas H. Atanasov Executive Vice President and February 28, 2023 Atanas H. Atanasov Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Indira Agarwal Vice President, Controller and February 28, 2023 Indira Agarwal Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Franklin Myers Chairman of the Board February 28, 2023 Franklin Myers 
 /s/ Anne-Marie N. Ainsworth Director February 28, 2023 Anne-Marie N. Ainsworth 
 /s/ Anna C. Catalano Director February 28, 2023 Anna C. Catalano 
 /s/ Leldon Echols Director February 28, 2023 Leldon Echols 
 /s/ Manuel J. Fernandez Director February 28, 2023 Manuel J. Fernandez /s/ Rhoman J. Hardy Director February 28, 2023 Rhoman J. Hardy /s/ R. Craig Knocke Director February 28, 2023 R. Craig Knocke 
 /s/ Robert J. Kostelnik Director February 28, 2023 Robert J. Kostelnik 
 /s/ James H. Lee Director February 28, 2023 James H. Lee 
 /s/ Ross B. Matthews Director February 28, 2023 Ross B. Matthews /s/ Norman J. Szydlowski Director February 28, 2023 Norman J. Szydlowski /s/ Timothy Go Director, President and February 28, 2023 Timothy Go Chief Operating Officer 
 
 141 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 hfsex1014secondamendmentto.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 Execution Version 

 SECOND AMENDMENT 
 TO EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 MASTER THROUGHPUT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Second Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement (this Amendment is entered into on December 22, 2022, to be effective as of March 14, 2022 (the Second Amendment Effective Date by and between 
 
 1. HF Sinclair Refining & Marketing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company HFRM ), and 
 2. Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership HEP Operating ). 
 Each of HFRM and HEP Operating are individually referred to herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 WHEREAS, HFRM and HEP Operating are parties to that certain Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement, effective as of March 14, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment, dated October 28, 2022, and as further amended from time to time, the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Agreement to, among other things, add additional Sinclair Assets (as defined in this Amendment) and the tariffs applicable thereto. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and obligations contained herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE 1 
 AMENDMENTS 
 
 1.1. Amendment to Table of Contents . The Table of Contents of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding Exhibit R-4 Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks to the end of the exhibit list. 
 
 1.2. Amendments to Exhibit A 
 
 a. Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following definitions 
 
 Boise Summer Grade Storage Tanks has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-4 . 
 
 Denver Summer Grade Storage Tanks has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-4 . 
 
 Kaneb Pipeline has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-1 . 
 
 Parco Product Tanks has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-4 . 
 
 Sinclair Bairoil Pipeline has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-1 . 
 
 Sinclair Beaver Creek Pipeline has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-1 . 
 
 DB1 134511859.4 

Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks means collectively, (a) the Boise Summer Grade Storage Tanks, (b) the Denver Summer Grade Storage Tanks and (c) the Parco Product Tanks. 
 
 Sinclair Salvation Pipeline has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-1 . 
 
 Sinclair Sand Draw Pipeline has the meaning set forth in Exhibit R-1 . 
 
 b. Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the definition of Sinclair Assets as follows 
 
 Sinclair Assets means collectively, (a) the Sinclair Pipelines, (b) the Sinclair Refined Products Terminals, (c) the Sinclair Crude Storage Tanks, (d) the Sinclair Crude Offloading Racks and (e) the Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks. 
 
 c. Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the definition of Sinclair Crude Oil Pipelines as follows 
 
 Sinclair Crude Oil Pipelines means collectively, (a) the Sinclair Pathfinder and 10 Pipeline, (b) the Sinclair Pathfinder Pumpover Pipeline, (c) the Sinclair Guernsey to Casper Pipeline, (d) the Sinclair Guernsey to Parco Refinery Pipeline, (e) the Sinclair Bairoil Pipeline, (f) the Sinclair Beaver Creek Pipeline, (g) the Sinclair Sand Draw Pipeline and (h) the Sinclair Salvation Pipeline. 
 
 d. Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the definition of Sinclair Refined Products Pipelines as follows 
 
 Sinclair Refined Products Pipelines means, collectively, (a) the Sinclair Medicine Bow Pipeline, (b) the Sinclair Olathe Pipeline, (c) the Sinclair Montrose Pipeline (d) the Sinclair Chase Connection Pipeline and (e) the Kaneb Pipeline. 
 
 1.3. Amendments to Exhibit C . 
 
 a. The rows on Exhibit C of the Agreement relating to the Sinclair Crude Oil Pipelines and the Sinclair Refined Products Pipelines are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A of this Amendment. 
 
 b. Exhibit C of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the rows relating to the Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks set on Exhibit A of this Amendment. 
 
 1.4. Amendment to Exhibit D . Exhibit D of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the rows relating to the Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks set forth on Exhibit B of this Amendment. 
 
 1.5. Amendments to Exhibit R . 
 
 a. The table on Exhibit R-1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit C of this Amendment. 
 
 b. Exhibit R of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding Exhibit R-4 to the Agreement as set forth on Exhibit D of this Amendment. 
 2 

ARTICLE 2 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 2.1. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original. An executed counterpart of this Amendment transmitted by facsimile shall be equally as effective as a manually executed counterpart. 
 
 2.2. Successors and Assigns . Section 13.2 of the Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Section 2.2, mutatis mutandis . 
 
 2.3. Entire Agreement . The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, contains the entire agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter of the Agreement and, except as provided for in this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally written. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature pages follow. 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above to be effective as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

HEP OPERATING Holly Energy Partners - Operating, L.P. By s Michael C. Jennings Name Michael C. Jennings Title Chief Executive Officer and President HFRM HF Sinclair Refining & Marketing LLC By s Tim Go Name Tim Go Title President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Master Throughput Agreement 
 DB1 134511859.4 

Exhibit A 

See attached. 

5 

Applicable Assets Type of Applicable Asset 

Product 
 Minimum Capacity Commitment (aggregate capacity unless otherwise noted) Minimum Throughput Commitment 
 (in the aggregate, on average, for each Contract Quarter) 
 Base Tariff 
 (applicable to all movements below the Incentive Tariff Threshold) 
 Incentive Tariff Threshold (in the aggregate, on average, for each Contract Quarter) 
 Incentive Tariff 
 (applicable to all movements at or above the Incentive Tariff Threshold) 
 Excess Tariff (applicable to all movements above the Excess Tariff Thresholds set forth below, if any) Tariff Adjustment Tariff Adjustment Minimum Cap 
 Tariff Adjustment Commencement Date 
 Assumed OPEX 
 Applicable Term (all times are Dallas, TX time) 
 Sinclair Crude Oil Pipelines Sinclair Pathfinder and 10 Pipeline Crude Oil 50,000 bpd 50,000 bpd 0.72 bbl 55,000 bpd 
 0.36 bbl FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Pathfinder Pumpover Pipeline Crude Oil 35,000 bpd 35,000 bpd 0.15 bbl N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Guernsey to Casper Pipeline Crude Oil 18,000 bpd 18,000 bpd 0.85 bbl 30,000 bpd 
 0.43 bbl FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Guernsey to Parco Refinery Pipeline Crude Oil 6,500 bpd 6,500 bpd 1.57 bbl 10,000 bpd 
 0.79 bbl FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Bairoil Pipeline Crude Oil N A N A 0.25 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Beaver Creek Pipeline Crude Oil N A N A 2.11 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Sand Draw Pipeline Crude Oil N A N A 1.17 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Salvation Pipeline Intermediate Products 
 Crude Oil 
 N A N A 1.44 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 
 DB1 134511859.4 

Applicable Assets Type of Applicable Asset 

Product 
 Minimum Capacity Commitment (aggregate capacity unless otherwise noted) Minimum Throughput Commitment 
 (in the aggregate, on average, for each Contract Quarter) 
 Base Tariff 
 (applicable to all movements below the Incentive Tariff Threshold) 
 Incentive Tariff Threshold (in the aggregate, on average, for each Contract Quarter) 
 Incentive Tariff 
 (applicable to all movements at or above the Incentive Tariff Threshold) 
 Excess Tariff (applicable to all movements above the Excess Tariff Thresholds set forth below, if any) Tariff Adjustment Tariff Adjustment Minimum Cap 
 Tariff Adjustment Commencement Date 
 Assumed OPEX 
 Applicable Term (all times are Dallas, TX time) 
 Sinclair Refined Products Pipelines Sinclair Medicine Bow Pipeline Refined Products 20,000 bpd 20,000 bpd 1.53 bbl 20,000 bpd 
 0.50 bbl FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Olathe Pipeline Refined Products 3,750 bpd 3,750 bpd 0.95 bbl 
 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Montrose Pipeline Refined Products 3,000 bpd 3,000 bpd 1.55 bbl 
 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Chase Connection Pipeline Refined Products N A N A 125,000 per year lease 
 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Kaneb Pipeline Refined Products N A N A 0.105 N A 
 N A FERC Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks Denver Summer Grade Storage Tanks Refined Products 300,000 bbl 300,000 bbl 0.75 bbl mo 
 PPI Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Parco Product Tanks Refined Products 300,000 bbl 300,000 bbl 0.75 bbl mo 
 PPI Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 Boise Summer Grade Storage Tanks Refined Products 120,000 bbl 120,000 bbl 0.90 bbl mo 
 PPI Adjustment Subject to 0 minimum July 1, 2023 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2022 to 12 01 a.m. on March 14, 2037 

7 

Exhibit B 

Applicable Asset Type of Applicable Asset Measurement of Volumes Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks Tankage Average of the daily working capacity inventory volumes each month for specified Refined Products. HEP Operating shall track inventory levels separate from normal terminal throughput. 

DB1 134511859.4 

Exhibit C 

Pipeline Origin and Destination 
 Miles of Pipeline Diameter (inches) Capacity (Bpd) Sinclair Pathfinder and 10 Pipeline Casper, WY to Sinclair, WY 16 - 102 miles 
 10 102 miles 
 16 and 
 1 
 16 55,000 
 10 45,500 
 Sinclair Pathfinder Pumpover Pipeline Within Casper, WY N A N A N A Sinclair Guernsey to Casper Pipeline Guernsey, WY to Casper, WY 115 miles 10 53,000 Sinclair Guernsey to Parco Refinery Pipeline Guernsey, WY to Sinclair, WY 218 miles 10 45,500 Sinclair Medicine Bow Pipeline Sinclair, WY to Denver, CO 204 miles 6 and 10 28,000 Sinclair Olathe Pipeline Olathe, KS to Carrolton, MO 82 miles 8 15,000 Sinclair Montrose Pipeline Carrollton, MO to Montrose, IA 142 miles 8 11,000 Sinclair Chase Connection Pipeline Aurora, CO to Denver, CO 15 miles 10 29,000 Sinclair Bairoil Pipeline Bairoil Station to Sinclair, WY 41 miles 8 14,500 Sinclair Beaver Creek Pipeline Beaver Creek Station to Sand Draw Station 9 miles 4 7,000 Sinclair Sand Draw Pipeline Sand Draw Station to Bairoil Station 61 miles 8 15,500 Sinclair Salvation Pipeline Casper, WY to Sinclair, WY or Sinclair, WY to Casper, WY 114 miles 8 and 12 20,500 pumping south, or 17,500 pumping north Kaneb Pipeline Magellan Dupont Station to Denver Terminal 3 miles 8 21,500 

DB1 134511859.4 

Exhibit D 

See attached. 
 
 10 

Exhibit R-4 
 to 
 Eighth Amended and Restated 
 Master Throughput Agreement 
 
 Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks 
 1. Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks 
 
 Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks Location Storage Working Capacity (bbls) Number of Tanks Denver Summer Grade Storage Tanks Denver Terminal 396,000 4 Parco Product Tanks Rawlins, WY 375,000 4 Boise Summer Grade Storage Tanks Boise Terminal 167,000 4 
 
 2. Special Provisions 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, HEP Operating does not commit to provide dedicated tankage for summer grade gasoline to HFRM, and HFRM acknowledges that summer grade gasoline stored pursuant to this Agreement may be commingled with other like grades, provided, however, that HEP Operating agrees to separate gasoline grades with different seasonal specifications in order to avoid contamination. 
 
 (b) HEP Operating agrees to track inventory volume separate for seasonal storage of Refined Products to enable accurate billing for the Minimum Throughput Commitment. 
 
 (c) HEP Operating and HFRM acknowledge and agree that the Parties may store Refined Products other than summer grade gasoline in the Sinclair Refined Product Storage Tanks, as the Parties may mutually determine from time to time. 

11 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.59>
 3
 hfsex1059performanceshareu.htm
 EX-10.59

Document 
 Exhibit 10.59 

 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Performance Share Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into by and between HF Sinclair Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and you. This Agreement is entered into as of the ____ day of ____________, 2022 (the Date of Grant ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS , the Company has adopted the Plan (as defined below) to attract, retain and motivate employees, directors and consultants 
 WHEREAS , the Compensation Committee (the Committee believes that entering into this Agreement with you is consistent with the stated purposes for which the Plan was adopted and 
 WHEREAS , a copy of the Plan has been furnished to you and shall be deemed a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein and the terms capitalized but not defined herein or on Appendix A attached hereto shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the services rendered by you, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to you as of the Date of Grant a Performance Award of ___ shares of Phantom Stock consisting of performance share units (the Performance Share Units ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Depending on the Company s performance, you may earn from zero percent (0 to two hundred percent (200 of the Performance Share Units, based on the Company s performance on two measures set forth in Section 3 over a designated performance period compared to the performance of a group of peer companies selected by the Committee. 
 2. The Plan . The Performance Share Units granted to you by this Agreement shall be granted under the HF Sinclair Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and this Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions contained in the Plan. 
 3. Performance Period and Measures . This Section 3 sets forth the details of the Performance Award for the Performance Period , which begins on October 1 of the calendar year of the Date of Grant Year One and ends on September 30 of the third calendar year following Year One Year Three ). If you are employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on December 1 of Year Three you will be entitled to a payment in Shares in the amount determined under Section 3(b) or pursuant to Section 5, as applicable, and payable at the time indicated in this Section 3. The period of time beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on December 1 of Year Three is referred to herein as the Service Period . 
 (a) Performance Measures . The number of Performance Share Units earned for the Performance Period is determined by comparing the Company s performance on the two measures listed below over the Performance Period to the performance of the Peer Group over the Performance Period on the same two measures. The two performance measures are Return on Capital Employed and Total Shareholder Return. 

(b) Shares Payable . The number of Shares payable is equal to the result of multiplying the total number of Performance Share Units awarded by the Performance Unit Payout Percentage Earned PSUs or as otherwise specified in the Agreement. The number of Shares payable hereunder shall be paid by March 15 th of the year following the date upon which such Performance Share Units vest provided, however, if any Performance Share Unit is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code, settlement of such Performance Share Unit shall be on or before December 31 st , or (if later) 90 days, following the date upon which such Performance Unit becomes vested. Such payment will be subject to withholding for taxes and other applicable payroll adjustments. The Committee s determination of the amount payable shall be binding upon you and your beneficiary or estate. The value of such Shares shall not bear any interest owing to the passage of time. The number of Shares of Common Stock payable will be rounded down to the nearest Share. No fractional Shares of Common Stock will be issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 4. Restrictions Forfeiture . The Performance Share Units are restricted in that they cannot be sold, transferred or otherwise alienated or hypothecated. In the event you cease to be an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than as provided in Section 5 below, the Performance Share Units that are not vested shall be forfeited immediately following the date of such cessation of employment. 
 5. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) In the event that your employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries terminates prior to December 1 of Year Three (i) due to your death, (ii) on account of your total and permanent disability, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or (iii) due to your Retirement, then you shall forfeit, immediately following your termination of employment, a number of the Performance Share Units equal to the number of Performance Share Units specified in Section 1 hereof times the percentage that (A) the number of days beginning on the day on which the date of your termination of employment occurs and ending on the last day of the Service Period, (B) bears to the total number of days in the Service Period. In the event of such forfeiture, the number of Shares payable hereunder shall be equal to a Performance Unit Payout Percentage of one hundred percent (100 instead of the Performance Unit Payout Percentage that would otherwise be determined at the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 3, and such Performance Share Units will become Earned PSUs immediately following your termination of employment and paid to you as provided in Section 3(b). 
 (b) In the event your employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries terminates prior to December 1 of Year Three as a result of a Special Involuntary Termination such that, as a result of such termination you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, the Performance Share Units will become Earned PSUs (subject to Section 5(d)) assuming a Performance Unit Payout Percentage of one hundred percent (100 instead of the Performance Unit Payout Percentage that would otherwise be determined at the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 3. 
 (c) If, prior to December 1 of Year Three you voluntarily separate from employment (other than due to your Retirement) or are terminated by action of the Company (other than a Special Involuntary Termination) such that, as a result of such termination you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including if you are terminated by the Company for Cause, all Performance Share Units awarded hereunder will be forfeited immediately following your termination of employment. 
 (d) In the event of a Special Involuntary Termination occurs before December 1 of Year Three, the Performance Share Units will become Earned PSUs immediately following such 

Special Involuntary Termination. Payment pursuant to this Section 5(d) is in lieu of payment pursuant to Section 5(a) and if you receive payment pursuant to this Section 5(d) you will not be entitled to any payment pursuant to Section 5(c). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event of any inconsistency between this Section 5 and any written employment, change in control or similar agreement entered into by and between you and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), the terms of the employment, change in control or similar agreement shall control, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (f) For purposes of this Agreement, your employment will be deemed to terminate on the date that you cease to be actively employed by the Company (or any subsidiary) and shall not be extended by any notice period mandated or implied under local law during or for which you receive pay in lieu of notice or severance pay. The Company shall have the sole discretion to determine when you are no longer actively employed for purposes of this Agreement, without reference to any other agreement, written or oral, including your contract of employment. 
 6. Leave of Absence . With respect to the Performance Share Units, the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine that if you are on leave of absence for any reason you will be considered to still be in the employ of, or providing services to, the Company (or a subsidiary), provided that, subject to applicable law, your rights to the Performance Share Units, if any, during a Performance Period in which such a leave of absence occurs will be prorated to reflect the period of time during the Performance Period that you provided actual services to the Company. 
 7. Limited Stockholder Rights . The Performance Share Units granted pursuant to this Agreement do not and shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of Shares, including the right to vote, prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement of the Performance Share Units pursuant to Section 3 provided, however that in the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect of its outstanding Shares and, on the record date for such dividend, you hold Performance Share Units granted pursuant to this Agreement that have not been settled, the Company shall pay to you an amount in cash equal to the cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record as of such record date, of the number of Shares related to the number of Performance Share Units specified in Section 1 hereof, such payment Dividend Equivalents shall be made promptly following the date that the Company pays such dividend to its shareholders generally (however, in no event shall the Dividend Equivalents be paid later than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Company pays such dividend to its shareholders generally). Your rights with respect to the Performance Share Units shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date on which the rights become earned and settled as set forth in Section 3, as adjusted by Section 5, as applicable. 
 8. Adjustment in Number of Performance Share Units . The number of Performance Share Units subject to this Agreement shall be adjusted to reflect stock splits or other changes in the capital structure of the Company, all in accordance with the Plan. In the event that the outstanding Shares of the Company are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities, or if additional, new or different shares are distributed with respect to the Shares through merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, there shall be substituted for the Shares under the Performance Share Units subject to this Agreement the appropriate number and kind of shares of new or replacement securities as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 9. Payment of Taxes . The Company may require you to pay to the Company (or the Company s subsidiary if you are an employee of a subsidiary of the Company), an amount the 

Company deems necessary to satisfy its (or its subsidiary s) current or future withholding with respect to federal, state or local income or other taxes that you incur as a result of the Award. With respect to any tax withholding (and to the extent permissible pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, if applicable), you may (a) direct the Company to withhold from the Shares to be issued to you under this Agreement the number of Shares necessary to satisfy the Company s withholding of such taxes, which determination will be based on the Shares Fair Market Value at the time such determination is made (b) deliver to the Company Shares sufficient to satisfy the Company s tax withholding, based on the Shares Fair Market Value at the time such determination is made or (c) deliver cash to the Company sufficient to satisfy its tax withholding obligations. If you desire to elect to use the stock withholding option described in subparagraph (a), you must make the election at the time and in the manner the Company prescribes and the maximum number of Shares that may be so withheld or surrendered shall be a number of Shares that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of withholding or repurchase of up to the aggregate amount of such tax liabilities determined based on the greatest withholding rates for you in your relevant federal, state, foreign and or local tax jurisdiction, including payroll taxes, that may be utilized without creating adverse accounting treatment with respect to the Award. The Company, in its discretion, may deny your request to satisfy its tax withholding obligations using a method described under subparagraph (a), (b) or (c) and require an alternative method of withholding. In the event the Company determines that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares withheld as payment of any tax withholding obligation is insufficient to discharge that tax withholding obligation, then you must pay to the Company, in cash, the amount of that deficiency immediately upon the Company s request. 
 10. Compliance with Securities and Other Applicable Laws . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the issuance of Shares will be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state, or foreign law with respect to such securities and with the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. No Shares will be issued hereunder if such issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state, or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, Shares will not be issued hereunder unless (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act, is at the time of issuance in effect with respect to the Shares issued or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the Shares issued may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares subject to the Award will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. As a condition to any issuance hereunder, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect to such compliance as may be requested by the Company. From time to time, the Board and appropriate officers of the Company are authorized to take the actions necessary and appropriate to file required documents with governmental authorities, stock exchanges, and other appropriate Persons to make Shares available for issuance. 
 11. Right of the Company and subsidiaries to Terminate Services . Nothing in this Agreement confers upon you the right to continue in the employ of or performing services for the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time subject to applicable law and the terms of any applicable employment agreement. 

12. Furnish Information . You agree to furnish to the Company all information requested by the Company to enable it to comply with any reporting or other requirements imposed upon the Company by or under any applicable statute or regulation. 
 13. Remedies . The Company shall be entitled to recover from you reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with the successful enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement whether by an action to enforce specific performance or for damages for its breach or otherwise to the extent allowed by applicable law. 
 14. No Liability for Good Faith Determinations . The Company and the members of the Board shall not be liable for any act, omission or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to this Agreement or the Performance Share Units granted hereunder. 
 15. Execution of Receipts and Releases . Any payment of cash or any issuance or transfer of Shares or other property to you, or to your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, in accordance with the provisions hereof, will, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims of such persons hereunder. In addition, the Company may require you or your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, as a condition precedent to such payment or issuance, to execute a general release of all claims in favor of the Company, any Affiliate and the foregoing entities respective predecessors, successors, employees, officers, directors, managers, members, stockholders or board members of the foregoing in such form as the Company may determine (the Release ). If the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by you, then you shall not be entitled to settlement of any portion of the Award. As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to you (which shall occur no later than seven (7) days after your termination of employment) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), and you are age 40 or over as of your termination date, the date that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. The parties may agree in writing to extend the consideration timelines stated in this paragraph. In the event the period you are given to review, execute and revoke a release provided pursuant to this Section 15 spans two calendar years, any payment to you pursuant to this Agreement will be made in the second calendar year. 
 16. Clawback . This Agreement is subject to any written clawback policies that the Company, with the approval of the Board or the Committee, may adopt to the extent allowed by applicable law. Any such policy may subject your Performance Share Units and amounts paid or realized with respect to the Performance Share Units under this Agreement to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture or recoupment if certain specified events or wrongful conduct occur, including but not limited to an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with financial reporting regulations or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such clawback policy adopted by the Company, including any policy to conform to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and rules promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission and that the Company determines should apply to this Agreement. 
 17. No Guarantee of Interests . Neither the Board nor the Company guarantee the Shares from loss or depreciation. 
 18. Company Records . Records of the Company or its subsidiaries regarding your period of employment or service, termination of service and or employment and the reason(s) therefor, leaves of absence, re-employment, and other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless determined by the Company to be incorrect. 

19. Notice . All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and personally delivered or sent by mail and shall be deemed to be delivered on the date on which it is actually received by the person to whom it is properly addressed or, if earlier, the date it is sent via certified United States mail. 
 20. Waiver of Notice . Any person entitled to notice hereunder may waive such notice in writing. 
 21. Certain Covenants . 
 (a) Protection of Confidential Information . Following the Date of Grant, you will have access to, and the Company or one of its subsidiaries will provide you with, confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information of the Company, including such information relating to, among other things, (i) programs, strategies, information or materials related to the business, services, manner of operation and activities of the Company, (ii) customers or prospects of the Company, (iii) computer hardware or software used in the course of the Company business, and (iv) marketing strategies or other activities of the Company from or on behalf of any of its clients, (hereinafter collectively referred to as Confidential Information provided, however, that, for purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall not include any information that is or becomes known generally to the public or accessible to a third party on an unrestricted basis, in each case other than as a result of a breach by you of your obligations with respect to confidentiality. Confidential Information also includes information that is competitively valuable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by virtue of it not being publicly known. You recognize that such Confidential Information has been developed by the Company at great expense is a valuable, special and unique asset of the Company which it uses in its business to obtain competitive advantage over its competitors is and shall be proprietary to the Company is and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company and, is not to be transmitted to any other person, entity or thing. Accordingly, as a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement with you and in partial consideration for the granting of the Award, you hereby 
 (i) warrant and represent that you have not disclosed, copied, disseminated, shared or transmitted any Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation or entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever, except in the course of carrying out your duties and responsibilities of employment with the Company and its subsidiaries 
 (ii) agree not to so disclose, copy, disseminate, share or transmit any Confidential Information in the future unless necessary for the performance of, and in the proper course of your performance for, your duties on behalf of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 (iii) agree not to make use of any Confidential Information for your own purposes or for the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity, except that, in the course of carrying out the duties and responsibilities of your employment, you may use Confidential Information for the benefit of any Affiliate of the Company and 
 (iv) warrant and represent that all Confidential Information in your possession, custody or control that is or was a property of the Company or any of its Affiliates has been or shall be returned to the Company by or on the date of your termination. 
 Your covenants in this Section 21(a) are in addition to, and do not supersede, your obligations under any confidentiality, invention or trade secret agreements executed by you, or any laws with respect to Confidential Information. 

(b) Non-Competition Covenant (Applicable to Pay Grades E1 and Above) . The terms of this Section 21(b) shall only apply to the extent you are categorized as having a pay grade of E1 or higher (or such other pay grade as deemed by the Company to be its equivalent) as determined by and reflected on the payroll records of the Company 
 (i) You acknowledge and agree that the Company s grant of the Award further aligns your interests with the long-term interests of the Company and its Affiliates. As a condition of your receipt of Confidential Information following your entry into this Agreement, and as an express incentive for the Company to enter into this Agreement and grant the Award, you have voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 21, subject to the provisions of Sections 21(b)(v) and 21(b)(vi) below. You agree and acknowledge that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to prevent unfair competition and to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information (including trade secrets) and legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 (ii) You agree that during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and for a period of one year following the date on which you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates (the Prohibited Period ), you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, engage in or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company or any of its Affiliates in any aspect of the Business, which prohibition shall prevent you from directly or indirectly (A) owning, managing, operating, or being an officer or director of, any business that competes with the Company or any of its Affiliates in the Market Area, or (B) joining, becoming an employee or consultant of, or otherwise being affiliated with, any person or entity engaged in, or planning to engage in, the Business in the Market Area in competition, or anticipated competition, with the Company or any of its Affiliates in any capacity (with respect to this clause (B)) in which your duties or responsibilities involve direct or indirect responsibilities with respect to any aspect of the Business. 
 (iii) You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or any of its Affiliates located in the Market Area. 
 (iv) You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, solicit, canvass, approach, encourage, entice or induce any customer or supplier of the Company or any of its Affiliates with whom or which you had contact or for whom or which you had direct or indirect responsibility on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates or about whom or which you have obtained Confidential Information in the course of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates to cease or lessen such customer s or supplier s business with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the above-referenced limitations in Sections 21(b)(ii), 21(b)(iii) and 21(b)(iv), such limitations shall not apply following the date that you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates in those portions of the Market Area located within the State of Oklahoma. Instead, you agree that during the portion of the Prohibited Period that follows the date you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the restrictions on your activities within those portions of the Market Area located within the State of Oklahoma (in addition to those restrictions set forth in Section 21(a) and Section 21(c) below) shall be as follows during such portion of the Prohibited Period, you will not directly or indirectly solicit the sale of goods, services, or a combination of goods and services from the established customers of the Company. 

(vi) Further notwithstanding the foregoing 
 (A) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in this Section 21(b) or Section 21(c) below shall apply to you if you primarily reside and work in California or to any of your activities occurring in the State of California following the period that you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates 
 (B) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in Sections 21(b)(ii), (iii) and (iv) shall apply to you if you primarily reside or work in Colorado or to any of your activities occurring in the State of Colorado unless (1) as of the date on which you enter into this Agreement and at the time any of such covenants are enforced, you earn an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or greater than the threshold amount for highly compensated workers as set forth in Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2-113(2)(d) and (2) you received notice prior to entering into this Agreement in accordance with Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2-113(4). Further, with respect to any activities undertaken in Colorado or if you are a Colorado resident, the term Confidential Information set forth in Section 21(a) shall not be deemed to include information that arises from your general training, knowledge, skill, or experience, whether gained on the job or otherwise and 
 (C) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in Sections 21(b)(ii), (iii) and (iv) shall apply to you if you primarily reside or work in the State of Washington or to any of your activities occurring in the State of Washington (1) unless your annualized earnings from the Company as of the date you entered into this Agreement exceed 100,000 (as adjusted pursuant to Wash. Rev. Code Ann. 49.62.020) or (2) if your employment with the Company terminated as a result of your layoff. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, solicit any employee or service provider of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate or lessen his or her employment or his, her or its service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates provided, however, that (y) after the termination of your employment for any reason, such employees and service providers shall only include such employees and service providers that you directly worked with in the twelve months preceding the date of termination of your employment, and (z) it will not constitute a violation of this Section 21(c) if an employee or service provider of the Company or its Affiliates accepts employment or a service relationship with a Person not affiliated with the Company or its Affiliates (i) pursuant to a general solicitation advertising the position that was not targeted at such employee or service provider, (ii) as a result of communications initiated by the employee or service provider (and not in response to any solicitation by you) or (iii) where the employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates with respect to such person was terminated more than six months prior to any action by you that would otherwise be a violation of this Section 21(c). 
 (d) Non-Disparagement . Subject to Section 21(f), you agree that you will not at any time, whether during the term of your employment or thereafter, make any statement, oral or written, that is (i) a disparaging or negative comment concerning the Company or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, equityholders, members or partners (collectively, the Company Parties ), or (ii) otherwise detrimental to the reputation or goodwill of the Company or any other Company Party, and you shall refrain from directing or encouraging anyone else to make such disparaging, negative, or detrimental comment, unless required by law. 

(e) Extent of Restrictions and Your Acknowledgment . You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Section 21, including geographical and temporal restrictions, correctly set forth the understanding of the parties at the time this Agreement is entered into, are reasonable in all respects and necessary to protect the Confidential Information, goodwill and legitimate interests of the Company and its Affiliates, do not interfere with public interest and will not cause you undue hardship, and that any violation will cause substantial injury to the Company and its Affiliates. In the event of any such violation, the Company and each of its Affiliates shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy (whether at law or equity), to preliminary or permanent injunctive relief. You waive, to the maximum extent permissible by law, any defenses or other objections to such remedies or the enforceability of this Section 21. To the maximum extent permissible by law, if any court having jurisdiction shall find that any part of the restrictions set forth this Section 21 are unreasonable or unenforceable in any respect, it is the intent of the parties that the restrictions (or parts thereof) set forth herein shall not be terminated, but that the restrictions set forth in this Section 21 shall be modified and remain in full force and effect to the extent (as to time periods and other relevant factors) that the court shall find reasonable. 
 (f) Limitations . In the event any breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 21 comes to the attention of the Company, this Award and the Performance Share Units granted hereunder that have not at such time been settled shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and the Company shall take into consideration such breach in determining whether to recommend the grant of any future similar award to you, as a factor weighing against the advisability of granting any such future award to you. However, nothing in this Agreement will prevent you from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental authority regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to you from any such governmental authority (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in any action or proceeding by any such governmental authority relating to a possible violation of law or (iv) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall prevent you from making a disclosure that (A) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer of reporting a suspected violation of law may make disclosures without violating this Section 21 to the attorney of the individual and use such information in the court proceeding. 
 22. Section 409A . It is intended that the Performance Share Units awarded hereunder shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (and any regulations and guidelines issued thereunder), and this Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. Payments shall only be made on an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code. Each payment under this Agreement is considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement may be amended without your consent in any respect deemed by the Committee to be necessary in order to preserve compliance with Section 409A of the Code. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A of the Code. In no event may you, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if you are a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code at the time of separation from service and if payment of any amount under this Agreement is required to be delayed for a period of six months after the separation from service pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, payment of such amount shall be delayed as required by Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 10 days after the end of the six-month period. If you die 

during the postponement period prior to the payment of postponed amount, the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid to the personal representative of your estate within 60 days after the date of your death. 
 23. Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon you, your legal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, and upon the Company, its successors and assigns. 
 24. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof, but such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 
 25. Company Action . Any action required of the Company shall be by resolution of the Board or by a person or entity authorized to act by resolution of the Board. 
 26. Headings . The titles and headings of Sections are included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construction of the provisions hereof. 
 27. Governing Law . All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined by application of the laws of the State of Texas, without giving any effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent Texas state law is preempted by federal law. The obligation of the Company to sell and deliver Shares hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of such Shares. 
 28. Consent to Texas Jurisdiction and Venue . You hereby consent and agree that state courts located in Dallas, Texas and the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas each shall have personal jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with the Performance Share Units or this Agreement. In any dispute with the Company, you will not raise, and you hereby expressly waive, any objection or defense to any such jurisdiction as an inconvenient forum. 
 29. Exceptions to Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . Notwithstanding Sections 27 and 28 above, if the law of the state in which you primarily reside or work during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or on the date on which your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates (such state, the Applicable State mandates that the law of the Applicable State shall apply to any dispute or part of a dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with any of the obligations and covenants set forth in Section 21 (any such dispute or part of the dispute that is mandatorily subject to the law of the Applicable State, an Applicable State Dispute ), then such Applicable State Dispute shall be governed by the law of the Applicable State. Further, if the law of the Applicable State mandates that the federal and state courts (as applicable) of the Applicable State shall have jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any Applicable State Dispute, then such courts shall have jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to such Applicable State Dispute. For the avoidance of doubt, any dispute or parts of a dispute that are not an Applicable State Dispute shall be governed by the terms of Sections 27 and 28. 
 30. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by the Board or by the Committee at any time (a) if the Board or the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that amendment is necessary or advisable in light of any addition to or change in any federal or state, tax or securities law or other law or regulation, which change occurs after the Date of Grant and by its terms applies to the Award or (b) other than in the circumstances described in clause (a) or provided in the Plan, with your consent. 

31. Nontransferability of Agreement . This Agreement and all rights under this Agreement shall not be transferable by you during your life other than by will or pursuant to applicable laws of descent and distribution. Any of your rights and privileges in connection herewith shall not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated by you or by any other person or persons, in any way, whether by operation of law, or otherwise, and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, garnishment or similar process. In the event of any such occurrence, this Agreement shall automatically be terminated and shall thereafter be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all or some of the Performance Share Units or rights under this Agreement may be transferred to a spouse pursuant to a domestic relations order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 32. Consent. The Shares you receive upon settlement will be taxable to you in an amount equal to the closing price of the Shares on the date of settlement. By receipt or acceptance of the Award you acknowledge and agree that (a) you are not relying on any written or oral statement or representation by the Company, its Affiliates, or any of their respective employees, directors, officers, attorneys or agents (collectively, the Company Representatives regarding the tax effects associated with this Agreement and your receipt, holding and vesting of the Shares, (b) in accepting the Shares you are relying on your own judgment and the judgment of the professionals of your choice with whom you have consulted, (c) a copy of the Agreement and the Plan has been made available to you, (d) you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement (including, but not limited to, the covenants set forth in Section 21 of the Agreement), (e) you are hereby advised to consult with an attorney before entering into this Agreement and the covenants set forth in Section 21, and (f) you agree to transfer all Shares settled as a result of this Award to a separate personal brokerage account within 90 days following settlement. In addition, you consent to receive documents from the Company and any plan administrator by means of electronic delivery, provided that such delivery complies with applicable law, including, without limitation, documents pursuant or relating to any equity award granted to you under the Plan or any other current or future equity or other benefit plan of the Company (the Company s Equity Plans ). This consent shall be effective for the entire time that you are a participant in a Company Equity Plan. By receiving or accepting the Shares you hereby release, acquit and forever discharge the Company Representatives from all actions, causes of actions, suits, debts, obligations, liabilities, claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, on account of, arising out of, or in any way related to the tax effects associated with this Agreement and your receipt, holding and the vesting and settlement of the Shares. By asserting any rights with respect to, or accepting any payments under, the Plan and this Agreement, you will be deemed to have understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 HF Sinclair Corporation 
 
 __________________________________________ 
 Michael C. Jennings, Chief Executive Officer 

Appendix A 
 Defined Terms 
 For purposes of the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned below 
 Adverse Change means (i) a change in the city in which you are required to work regularly, (ii) a substantial increase in travel requirements of employment, (iii) a substantial reduction in duties of the type previously performed by you, or (iv) a significant reduction in your compensation or benefits (other than bonuses and other discretionary items of compensation) that does not apply generally to employees of the Company or its successor. 
 Affiliate has the meaning provided in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 Beneficial Owner has the meaning provided in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 Business means the business and operations that are the same or similar to those performed by the Company or any of its Affiliates for which you provide services or about which you obtain Confidential Information during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, which business and operations include the manufacture, storage, distribution, transportation, refining, and or sale of crude oil and products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel, specialty lubricant products, specialty chemicals, and specialty and modified asphalt. 
 Business Opportunity means any commercial, investment or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 Cause means 
 (i) An act or acts of dishonesty on your part constituting a felony or serious misdemeanor and resulting or intended to result directly in gain or personal enrichment at the expense of the Company or any subsidiary 
 (ii) Gross or willful and wanton negligence in the performance of your material and substantial duties of employment with the Company and its subsidiaries or 
 (iii) Your conviction of a felony involving moral turpitude. 
 The existence of Cause shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the Date of Grant 
 (i) Any Person, other than (A) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, or more than 40 of the then outstanding common stock of 

the Company, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (iii)(A) below. 
 (ii) The individuals who as of the Date of Grant constitute the Board and any New Director cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board. 
 (iii) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, except if 
 (A) the merger or consolidation results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (B) the merger or consolidation is effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly, or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity at least 60 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which is owned by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 Division means each of the refining, midstream or lubricants & specialties segments of the Company, or any other segment or significant line of business identified by the Committee as a Division. 
 Market Area means (i) during the period in which you are employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the geographic areas within a 100-mile radius of any location where the Company or any of its Affiliates has an office or has engaged in the Business within the preceding 24 months, and (ii) during the portion of the Prohibited Period that continues following the date on which you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the geographic areas within a 100 mile radius of any location where, as of the date on which you ceased to be employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates or at any time during the preceding 24 month period, the Company or any of its Affiliates had an office or engaged in the Business provided, however, in no event will the Market Area include geographic areas within the State of California. 
 New Director means an individual whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the Date of Grant or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended. However, New Director shall not include a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an 

actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation relating to the election of directors of the Company. 
 Peer Group means CVR Energy Inc., Delek U.S. Holdings, Inc., Marathon Petroleum Corporation, PBF Energy Corporation, Phillips 66 and Valero Energy Corporation. If a member of the Peer Group ceases to be a public company during the Performance Period (whether by merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) or it fails to file financial statements with the SEC in a timely manner, it shall be treated as if it had not been a Peer Group member for the entire Performance Period. 
 Performance Unit Payout Percentage means the percentile obtained by dividing the sum of (1) the ROCE Performance Percentage and (2) the TSR Performance Percentage, by two. 
 Person has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Retirement means your termination of employment other than for Cause on or after the date on which you (i) have achieved ten years of continuous service with the Company and its subsidiaries, and (ii) are age sixty (60). 
 Return on Capital Employed , or ROCE, is defined as (i) operating income before depreciation and amortization divided by (ii) the sum of shareholders equity, plus minority interest, plus debt, less goodwill and intangible assets, less cash and marketable securities at the beginning of the Performance Period provided, that such metric will be calculated to exclude (a) any gains or losses attributable to FIFO inventory valuation (including lower of cost or market adjustments), (b) the effects of impairment expense related to intangible assets, including goodwill, and (c) non-cash asset writedowns provided, further, the Committee may exclude the impact of any of the following events or occurrences (with respect to the Company or any member of the Peer Group) which the Committee determines should appropriately be excluded (A) asset write-downs (B) litigation, claims, judgments or settlements (C) the effect of changes in tax law or other such laws or regulations affecting reported results (D) accruals for reorganization and restructuring programs (E) any extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring items as described in the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 225, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (F) any change in accounting principles as defined in the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 250, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (G) any loss from a discontinued operation as described in the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 360, as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time (H) adjustments to ROCE of the Company or any member (or multiple members) of the Peer Group to reflect mergers, acquisitions, purchases or similar transactions as necessary to prevent the increase or decrease of the ROCE of the Company or member of the Peer Group related to the merger, acquisition, purchase or similar transaction (I) third party expenses associated with acquisitions and (J) to the extent set forth with reasonable particularity in connection with the establishment of performance goals, any other extraordinary events or occurrences identified by the Committee. 
 ROCE Performance Percentage means the percentage set forth in the table below determined in accordance with the percentile ranking of the Return on Capital Employed of the Company compared to the ROCE of each entity in the Peer Group achieved during the Performance Period 

Ranking of the Company within Peer Group 
 
 ROCE Performance Percentage 
 90 th Percentile or Better 
 Maximum (200 of Target) 90 th Percentile But Better than 50 th Percentile 
 Interpolate between 100 and 200 50 th Percentile 
 Target (100 50 th Percentile But Better than 25 th Percentile 
 Interpolate between 25 and 100 25 th Percentile 
 25 of Target (Minimum) 25 th Percentile 
 Zero 
 
 Sale of a Division means a sale or disposition of a substantial portion of a Division (other than a sale or disposition to the Company or any of its subsidiaries) or any other transaction resulting in the loss of control by the Company and its subsidiaries over a substantial portion of a Division (including a public offering of a Division where the Company does not control the Division following such offering), in each case, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Special Involuntary Termination means within 60 days prior to, or at any time after, a Change in Control (or, in the case of a Sale of a Division, within 90 days after such sale) the occurrence of either (A) termination of your employment by the Company (or any subsidiary) for any reason other than Cause that results in you no longer being employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (B) your resignation from employment within 90 days after an Adverse Change by the Company (including subsidiaries of the Company) that results in you no longer being employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In the case of a Sale of a Division, Special Involuntary Termination shall only apply if more than 50 of your full-time service is attributable to services to the Division, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 Total Shareholder Return or TSR, means (A) the sum of (1) share price appreciation (calculated as the closing share price of the Common Stock for the last business day of the Performance Period less the closing share price of the Common Stock for the first business day of the Performance Period), plus (2) cumulative dividends during the Performance Period, plus (3) any additional value or compensation received by shareholders such as stock received from spinoffs, divided by (B) the closing share price of the Common Stock on the first business day of the Performance Period, adjusted to take into account any stock splits, changes in capitalization or other similar events. Such determinations and adjustments shall be made by the Committee in its discretion. 
 TSR Performance Percentage means the percentage set forth in the table below determined in accordance with the percentile ranking of the Total Shareholder Return of the Company compared to the TSR of each entity in the Peer Group achieved during the Performance Period 

Ranking of the Company within Peer Group 
 
 TSR Performance Percentage 
 90 th Percentile or Better 
 Maximum (200 of Target) 90 th Percentile But Better than 50 th Percentile 
 Interpolate between 100 and 200 50 th Percentile 
 Target (100 50 th Percentile But Better than 25 th Percentile 
 Interpolate between 25 and 100 25 th Percentile 
 25 of Target (Minimum) 25 th Percentile 
 Zero 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.60>
 4
 hfsex1060restrictedstockun.htm
 EX-10.60

Document 
 Exhibit 10.60 

 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (Non-Employee Director Award) 
 
 This Agreement is made and entered into as of the Date of Grant set forth in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units Notice of Grant by and between HF Sinclair Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and you 
 WHEREAS , the Company, as part of your compensation for service as a member of the Company s board of directors (the Board and in order to induce you to materially contribute to the success of the Company, agrees to grant you this restricted stock unit award 
 WHEREAS , the Company adopted the Plan (as defined in the Notice of Grant) under which the Company is authorized to grant stock units and phantom stock awards, as applicable (in each case, herein referred to as restricted stock units) to certain employees, directors and other service providers of the Company 
 WHEREAS , a copy of the Plan has been furnished to you and shall be deemed a part of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Director Award) Agreement as if fully set forth herein and the terms capitalized but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan and 
 WHEREAS , you desire to accept the restricted stock unit award made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and for other valuable consideration hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 1. The Grant . Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company hereby grants you effective as of the Date of Grant set forth in the Notice of Grant, as a matter of separate inducement but not in lieu of any cash or other compensation for your services for the Company, an award (the Award consisting of the aggregate number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Notice of Grant and in the Plan, plus the additional rights to receive possible dividend equivalents, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 2. No Shareholder Rights . The Restricted Stock Units RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement do not and shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of Shares prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement of the Award. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect of its outstanding Shares on or after the Date of Grant and, on the record date for such dividend, you hold RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement that have not been settled, the Company shall pay to you an amount in cash equal to the cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record as of such record date, of the number of Shares related to the portion of your RSUs that have not been settled as of such record date, such payment Dividend Equivalents to be made on or promptly following the date that the Company pays such dividend (however, in no event shall the Dividend Equivalents be paid later than 30 days following the date on which the Company pays such dividend to its shareholders generally). 
 1 

4. Restrictions Forfeiture . The RSUs are restricted in that they cannot be sold, transferred or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until Shares related to such RSUs are issued pursuant to Section 6 following the removal or expiration of the restrictions as contemplated in Section 5 of this Agreement and as described in the Notice of Grant. In the event you cease to serve as a member of the Board, other than as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement, the RSUs that are not vested shall be forfeited immediately following the date of such cessation of service, unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, otherwise elects to accelerate the vesting of such RSUs. 
 5. Expiration of Restrictions and Risk of Forfeiture . The restrictions on the RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement will expire and the RSUs will become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Notice of Grant, provided that you remain a member of the Board until the applicable dates and times set forth therein. RSUs that have become vested and non-forfeitable as provided in this Agreement are referred to herein as Vested. 
 6. Issuance of Stock . Shares shall be issued to you in settlement of your Vested RSUs within 30 days following the date upon which such RSUs become Vested in accordance with the Agreement. At the time of settlement, the Company shall cause to be issued Shares registered in your name in payment of the Award. The Company shall evidence the Shares to be issued in payment of the RSUs in the manner it deems appropriate. The value of any fractional RSU shall be rounded down at the time Shares are issued to you. No fractional Shares, nor the cash value of any fractional Shares, will be issuable or payable to you pursuant to this Agreement. The value of Shares shall not bear any interest owing to the passage of time. Neither this Section 6 nor any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 6 shall be construed to create a trust or a funded or secured obligation of any kind. 
 7. Compliance with Securities and Other Applicable Laws . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the issuance of Shares will be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state, or foreign law with respect to such securities and with the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. No Shares will be issued hereunder if such issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state, or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, Shares will not be issued hereunder unless (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act is, at the time of issuance, in effect with respect to the Shares issued or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the Shares issued may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares subject to the Award will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. As a condition to any issuance hereunder, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect to such compliance as may be requested by the Company. From time to time, the Board and appropriate officers of the Company are authorized to take the actions necessary and appropriate to file required documents with governmental authorities, stock exchanges, and other appropriate Persons to make Shares available for issuance. 
 8. Legends . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any restrictions imposed on the Shares pursuant to Sections 4 and 7 of this Agreement on all certificates representing Shares issued with respect to this Award. 

9. Continuation as a Director . Nothing in this Agreement confers upon you the right to continue to serve as a member of the Board. 
 10. Furnish Information . You agree to furnish to the Company all information requested by the Company to enable it to comply with any reporting or other requirements imposed upon the Company by or under any applicable statute or regulation. 
 11. Remedies . The parties to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from each other reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with the successful enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement whether by an action to enforce specific performance or for damages for its breach or otherwise. 
 12. No Liability for Good Faith Determinations . The Company and the members of the Board shall not be liable for any act, omission or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder. 
 13. Execution of Receipts and Releases . Any payment of cash or any issuance or transfer of Shares or other property to you, or to your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, in accordance with the provisions hereof, will, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims of such Persons hereunder. In addition, the Company may require you or your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, as a condition precedent to such payment or issuance, to execute a general release of all claims in favor of the Company, any Affiliate and the employees, officers, stockholders or board members of the foregoing in such form as the Company may determine. In the event the period you are given to review, execute and revoke a release provided pursuant to this Section 13 spans two calendar years, any payment to you pursuant to this Agreement will be made in the second calendar year. 
 14. No Guarantee of Interests . Neither the Board nor the Company guarantee the Shares from loss or depreciation. 
 15. Company Records . Records of the Company or its subsidiaries regarding your period of service, termination of service and the reason(s) therefor, and other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless determined by the Company to be incorrect. 
 16. Notice . All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and personally delivered or sent by mail and shall be deemed to be delivered on the date on which it is actually received by the person to whom it is properly addressed or, if earlier, the date it is sent via certified United States mail. 
 17. Waiver of Notice . Any person entitled to notice hereunder may waive such notice in writing. 
 18. Information Confidential . As partial consideration for the granting of the Award hereunder, you hereby agree to keep confidential all information and knowledge, except that which has been disclosed in any public filings required by law, that you have relating to the terms and conditions of this Agreement provided, however, that such information may be disclosed as required by law and may be given in confidence to your spouse and tax and financial advisors. In the event any breach of this promise comes to the attention of the Company, it shall take into consideration that breach in determining whether to recommend the grant of any future similar award to you, as a factor weighing against the advisability of granting any such future award to you. Nothing in this Agreement will prevent you from (a) making a good faith report of possible violations of applicable law to any governmental agency or entity or (b) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. For the 

avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall prevent you from making a disclosure that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer of reporting a suspected violation of law may make disclosures without violating this Section 18 to the attorney of the individual and use such information in the court proceeding. 
 19. Section 409A . This Agreement is not intended to constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Payment under this Agreement shall be made in a manner that will be exempt from or, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, comply with Section 409A of the Code, including regulations or other guidance issued with respect thereto, except as otherwise determined by the Committee. The applicable provisions of Section 409A of the Code are hereby incorporated by reference and shall control over any contrary provisions herein that conflict therewith. 
 20. Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon you, your legal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, and upon the Company, its successors and assigns. 
 21. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof, but such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 
 22. Company Action . Any action required of the Company shall be by resolution of the Board or by a person or entity authorized to act by resolution of the Board. 
 23. Headings . The titles and headings of Sections are included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construction of the provisions hereof. 
 24. Governing Law . All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined by application of the laws of the State of Texas, without giving any effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent Texas state law is preempted by federal law. The obligation of the Company to sell and deliver Shares hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of such Shares. 
 25. Consent to Texas Jurisdiction and Venue . You hereby consent and agree that state courts located in Dallas County, Texas and the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas each shall have personal jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with the RSUs or this Agreement. In any dispute with the Company, you will not raise, and you hereby expressly waive, any objection or defense to such jurisdiction as an inconvenient forum. 
 26. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by the Board or by the Committee at any time (a) if the Board or the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that amendment is necessary or advisable in light of any addition to or change in any federal or state, tax or securities law or other law or regulation, which change occurs after the Date of Grant and by its terms applies to the Award or (b) other than in the circumstances described in clause (a) or provided in the Plan, with your consent. 

27. The Plan . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions contained in the Plan. 
 28. Defined Terms . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned below 
 (a) Affiliate has the meaning provided in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 (b) Beneficial Owner has the meaning provided in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (c) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the Date of Grant 
 (i) Any Person, other than (A) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, or more than 40 of the then outstanding common stock of the Company, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (a)(iii)(1) below. 
 (ii) The individuals who as of the Date of Grant constitute the Board and any New Director cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board. 
 (iii) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, except if 
 (1) the merger or consolidation results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (2) the merger or consolidation is effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly, or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity at least 60 of the 

combined voting power of the voting securities of which is owned by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 (d) Disability means you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 (e) New Director means an individual whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the Date of Grant or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended. However, New Director shall not include a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation relating to the election of directors of the Company. 
 (f) Person has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 (g) Retirement means a Separation from Service with Committee approval following your attainment of age 55. 
 (h) Separation from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 5
 hfsex1061noticeofgrantofre.htm
 EX-10.61

Document 
 Exhibit 10.61 

 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (Non-Employee Director Award) 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the HF Sinclair Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and the associated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Director Award) which has been made separately available to you (the Agreement ), you are hereby granted an award to receive the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs set forth below, whereby each RSU represents the right to receive one Share, plus rights to certain dividend equivalents described in Section 3 of the Agreement, under the terms and conditions set forth below, in the Agreement, and in the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. You may obtain a copy of the Plan and a copy of the prospectus related to the Plan by following the instructions attached as Appendix A . Additionally, you may request a copy of the Plan or the prospectus by contacting Cara Whitesel at Cara.Whitesel hfsinclair.com or 214.954.6530. 
 Grantee ______________________ Date of Grant 
 ________________ ___, 2022 Date of Grant 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 ______________________ Vesting Schedule 
 The RSUs granted pursuant to the Agreement will become vested and be nonforfeitable as of December 1, 2023 provided, that, you continue to serve as a member of the Board to such date. Shares will be issued with respect to the RSUs as set forth in Section 6 of the Agreement (which Shares when issued will be transferable and nonforfeitable). All of the RSUs awarded to you pursuant to this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested upon (a) your death, (b) your Retirement in 2023, (c) your Disability, or (d) the occurrence of a Change in Control, provided you are then serving as a member of the Board immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 
 The Shares you receive upon settlement will be taxable to you in an amount equal to the closing price of the Shares on the date of settlement (or, if such date is not a business day, the first business day thereafter if the vesting date above falls on a weekend). By receipt of the RSUs you acknowledge and agree that (a) you are not relying on any written or oral statement or representation by the Company, its affiliates, or any of their respective employees, directors, officers, attorneys or agents (collectively, the Company Parties regarding the tax effects associated with this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and the Agreement and your receipt, holding and vesting of the RSUs, (b) in accepting the RSUs you are relying on your own judgment and the judgment of the professionals of your choice with whom you have consulted, and (c) a copy of the Agreement and the Plan has been made available to you. In addition, you consent to receive documents from the Company and any plan administrator by means of electronic delivery, provided that such delivery complies with applicable law, including, without limitation, documents pursuant or relating to any equity award granted to you under the Plan or any other current or future equity or other benefit plan of the Company (the Company s Equity Plans ). This consent shall be effective for the entire time that you are a participant in a Company Equity Plan. By receiving the RSUs you hereby release, acquit and forever discharge the Company Parties from all actions, causes of actions, suits, debts, obligations, liabilities, 

claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, on account of, arising out of, or in any way related to the tax effects associated with this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit and the Agreement and your receipt, holding and the vesting of the RSUs. By asserting any rights with respect to, or accepting any payments under, the Plan and the Agreement, you will be deemed to have understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement. 

HF Sinclair Corporation 

_________________________________________ 
 Michael C. Jennings, Chief Executive Officer 
 2 

Appendix A 
 
 A-1 
 US 8747423v.2 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-10.67>
 6
 hfsex1067restrictedstockun.htm
 EX-10.67

Document 
 Exhibit 10.67 

 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (U.S.) 
 
 This Agreement is made and entered into as of the Date of Grant set forth in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units Notice of Grant by and between HF Sinclair Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and you 
 WHEREAS , the Company, as part of your compensation for services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and in order to further induce you to materially contribute to the success of the Company, agrees to grant you this restricted stock unit award 
 WHEREAS , the Company adopted the Plan (as defined in the Notice of Grant) under which the Company is authorized to grant stock units and phantom stock awards, as applicable (in each case, herein referred to as restricted stock units) to certain employees, directors and other service providers of the Company and its subsidiaries 
 WHEREAS , a copy of the Plan has been furnished to you and shall be deemed a part of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S.) Agreement as if fully set forth herein and the terms capitalized but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan and 
 WHEREAS , you desire to accept the restricted stock unit award made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and for other valuable consideration hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. The Grant . Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company hereby grants you effective as of the Date of Grant set forth in the Notice of Grant, as a matter of separate inducement but not in lieu of any cash or other compensation for your services for the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), an award (the Award covering the aggregate number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Notice of Grant and in the Plan, plus the additional rights to receive possible dividend equivalents, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. The period of time beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on December 1, 2025 is referred to herein as the Service Period . 
 2. No Shareholder Rights . The Restricted Stock Units RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement do not, and shall not, entitle you to any rights of a holder of Shares prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement of the Award. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect of its outstanding Shares on or after the Date of Grant and, on the record date for such dividend, you hold RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement that have not been settled, the Company shall pay to you an amount in cash equal to the cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record as of such record date, of the number of Shares related to the portion of your RSUs that have not been settled as of such record date, such payment Dividend Equivalents to be made on or promptly following the date that the Company pays such dividend (however, in no event shall the Dividend Equivalents be paid later than 30 days following the date on which the Company pays such dividend to its shareholders generally). 

4. Restrictions Forfeiture . The RSUs are restricted in that they cannot be sold, transferred or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until Shares related to such RSUs are issued pursuant to Section 8 following the removal or expiration of the restrictions as contemplated in Section 5 (and Section 6, if applicable) of this Agreement and as described in the Notice of Grant. In the event you cease to be an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than as provided in Section 6 below, or in the event that you violate the covenants set forth in Section 22 of this Agreement, the RSUs that are not vested on the date of such cessation of employment shall be immediately forfeited. 
 5. Expiration of Restrictions and Risk of Forfeiture . The restrictions on the RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement will expire and the RSUs will become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Notice of Grant, provided that you remain an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries until the applicable dates and times set forth therein. RSUs that have become vested and non-forfeitable as provided in this Agreement are referred to herein as Vested . 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Termination Generally . Subject to subsections (b), (c), and (d) below, if your employment relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason (including if you voluntarily separate from employment (other than due to your Retirement) or are terminated by action of the Company (including termination for Cause but other than a Special Involuntary Termination)) such that, as a result of such termination you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, then those RSUs that have not become Vested as of the date of your termination of employment shall become null and void and those RSUs shall be forfeited to the Company immediately following your termination of employment. The RSUs that are Vested as of the date of your termination of employment shall not be forfeited to the Company and will be settled in accordance with Section 8. 
 (b) Death, Disability or Retirement . In the event of termination of your employment due to your (i) death, (ii) total and permanent disability, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (iii) Retirement, in each case, before all the RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement have become Vested, you will forfeit immediately following your termination of employment, a number of RSUs equal to the number of RSUs specified in the Notice of Grant times the percentage that (A) the number of days beginning on the day on which the termination due to death, disability or Retirement occurs and ending on the last day of the Service Period, (B) bears to the total number of days in the Service Period, and any remaining RSUs that are not vested will become Vested immediately following your termination of employment provided, however, that any fractional RSUs will become null and void and automatically forfeited. 
 (c) Special Involuntary Termination . In the event of a Special Involuntary Termination, all of the RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement will become Vested immediately following such Special Involuntary Termination. Payment pursuant to this Section 6(c) is in lieu of payment pursuant to Section 6(a) and if you receive payment pursuant to this Section 6(c) you will not be entitled to any payment pursuant to Section 6(b). 
 (d) Effect of Employment Agreement . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event of any inconsistency between this Section 6 and any written employment, change in control, or similar agreement entered into by and between you and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), the terms of the employment, change in control or similar agreement shall control, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 7. Leave of Absence . With respect to the Award, the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine that if you are on leave of absence for any reason you will be considered to 
 2 

still be in the employ of the Company (or a subsidiary), provided that, subject to applicable law, rights to the RSUs during a leave of absence will be limited to the extent to which those rights were earned or vested when the leave of absence began. 
 8. Issuance of Stock . Shares shall be issued to you in settlement of your Vested RSUs by March 15 th of the year following the date upon which your RSUs vest provided, however, if any RSU is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code, settlement of such RSU shall be on or before December 31 st , or (if later) 90 days, following, the date upon which such RSU becomes Vested. At the time of settlement, the Company shall cause to be issued Shares registered in your name in payment of the Award. The Company shall evidence the Shares to be issued in payment of the RSUs in the manner it deems appropriate. The value of any fractional RSU shall be rounded down at the time Shares are issued to you. No fractional Shares, nor the cash value of any fractional Shares, will be issuable or payable to you pursuant to this Agreement. The value of Shares shall not bear any interest owing to the passage of time. Neither this Section 8 nor any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 8 shall be construed to create a trust or a funded or secured obligation of any kind. 
 9. Payment of Taxes . The Company may require you to pay to the Company (or the Company s subsidiary if you are an employee of a subsidiary of the Company), an amount the Company deems necessary to satisfy its (or its subsidiary s) current or future withholding with respect to federal, state or local income or other taxes that you incur as a result of the Award. With respect to any tax withholding (and to the extent permissible pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, if applicable), you may (a) direct the Company to withhold from the Shares to be issued to you under this Agreement the number of Shares necessary to satisfy the Company s withholding of such taxes, which determination will be based on the Shares Fair Market Value at the time such determination is made (b) deliver to the Company Shares sufficient to satisfy the Company s tax withholding, based on the Shares Fair Market Value at the time such determination is made or (c) deliver cash to the Company sufficient to satisfy its tax withholding obligations. If you desire to elect to use the stock withholding option described in subparagraph (a), you must make the election at the time and in the manner the Company prescribes and the maximum number of Shares that may be so withheld or surrendered shall be a number of Shares that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of withholding or repurchase of up to the aggregate amount of such tax liabilities determined based on the greatest withholding rates for you in your relevant federal, state, foreign and or local tax jurisdiction, including payroll taxes, that may be utilized without creating adverse accounting treatment with respect to the Award. The Company, in its discretion, may deny your request to satisfy its tax withholding obligations using a method described under subparagraph (a), (b) or (c) and require an alternative method of withholding. In the event the Company determines that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares withheld as payment of any tax withholding obligation is insufficient to discharge that tax withholding obligation, then you must pay to the Company, in cash, the amount of that deficiency immediately upon the Company s request. 
 10. Compliance with Securities and Other Applicable Laws . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the issuance of Shares will be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state, or foreign law with respect to such securities and with the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. No Shares will be issued hereunder if such issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state, or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, Shares will not be issued hereunder unless (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act is, at the time of issuance, in effect with respect to the Shares issued or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the Shares issued may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if 
 3 

any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares subject to the Award will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. As a condition to any issuance hereunder, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect to such compliance as may be requested by the Company. From time to time, the Board and appropriate officers of the Company are authorized to take the actions necessary and appropriate to file required documents with governmental authorities, stock exchanges, and other appropriate Persons to make Shares available for issuance. 
 11. Legends . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any restrictions imposed on the Shares pursuant to Sections 4 and 10 of this Agreement on all certificates representing Shares issued with respect to this Award. 
 12. Right of the Company and Subsidiaries to Terminate Services . Nothing in this Agreement confers upon you the right to continue in the employ of or performing services for the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time subject to applicable law and the terms of any applicable employment agreement. 
 13. Furnish Information . You agree to furnish to the Company all information requested by the Company to enable it to comply with any reporting or other requirements imposed upon the Company by or under any applicable statute or regulation. 
 14. Remedies . The Company shall be entitled to recover from you reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with the successful enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement whether by an action to enforce specific performance or for damages for its breach or otherwise to the extent allowed by applicable law. 
 15. No Liability for Good Faith Determinations . The Company and the members of the Board shall not be liable for any act, omission or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to this Agreement or the RSUs granted hereunder. 
 16. Execution of Receipts and Releases . Any payment of cash or any issuance or transfer of RSUs or other property to you, or to your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, in accordance with the provisions hereof, will, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims of such persons hereunder. In addition, the Company may require you or your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, as a condition precedent to such payment or issuance, to execute a general release of all claims in favor of the Company, any Affiliate and the foregoing entities respective predecessors, successors, employees, officers, directors, managers, members, stockholders or board members of the foregoing in such form as the Company may determine (the Release ). If the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by you, then you shall not be entitled to settlement of any portion of the Award. As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to you (which shall occur no later than seven (7) days after your termination of employment) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), and you are age 40 or over as of your termination date, the date that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. The Parties may agree in writing to extend the consideration timelines stated in this paragraph. In the event the period you are given to review, execute and revoke a release provided pursuant to this Section 16 spans two 
 4 

calendar years, any payment to you pursuant to this Agreement will be made in the second calendar year. 
 17. Clawback . This Agreement is subject to any written clawback policies that the Company, with the approval of the Board or the Committee, may adopt to the extent allowed by applicable law. Any such policy may subject your RSUs and amounts paid or realized with respect to the RSUs under this Agreement to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture or recoupment if certain specified events or wrongful conduct occur, including but not limited to an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with financial reporting regulations or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such clawback policy adopted by the Company, including any policy to conform to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and rules promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission and that the Company determines should apply to this Agreement. 
 18. No Guarantee of Interests . Neither the Board nor the Company guarantee the Shares from loss or depreciation. 
 19. Company Records . Records of the Company or its subsidiaries regarding your period of employment or service, termination of service and or employment and the reason(s) therefor, leaves of absence, re-employment, and other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless determined by the Company to be incorrect. 
 20. Notice . All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and personally delivered or sent by mail and shall be deemed to be delivered on the date on which it is actually received by the person to whom it is properly addressed or, if earlier, the date it is sent via certified United States mail. 
 21. Waiver of Notice . Any person entitled to notice hereunder may waive such notice in writing. 
 22. Certain Covenants . 
 (a) Protection of Confidential Information . Following the Date of Grant set forth in the Notice of Grant you will have access to, and the Company or one of its subsidiaries will provide you with, confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information of the Company, including such information relating to, among other things, (i) programs, strategies, information or materials related to the business, services, manner of operation and activities of the Company, (ii) customers or prospects of the Company, (iii) computer hardware or software used in the course of the Company business, and (iv) marketing strategies or other activities of the Company from or on behalf of any of its clients, (hereinafter collectively referred to as Confidential Information provided, however, that, for purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall not include any information that is or becomes known generally to the public or accessible to a third party on an unrestricted basis, in each case other than as a result of a breach by you of your obligations with respect to confidentiality. Confidential Information also includes information that is competitively valuable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by virtue of it not being publicly known. You recognize that Confidential Information has been developed by the Company at great expense is a valuable, special and unique asset of the Company which it uses in its business to obtain competitive advantage over its competitors is and shall be proprietary to the Company is and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company and, is not to be transmitted to any other person, entity or thing. Accordingly, as a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement with you and in partial consideration for the granting of the Award, you hereby 
 5 

(i) warrant and represent that you have not disclosed, copied, disseminated, shared or transmitted any Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation or entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever, except in the course of carrying out your duties and responsibilities of employment with the Company and its subsidiaries 
 (ii) agree not to so disclose, copy, disseminate, share or transmit any Confidential Information in the future unless necessary for the performance of, and in the proper course of your performance for, your duties on behalf of the Company and its Affiliates 
 (iii) agree not to make use of any Confidential Information for your own purposes or for the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity, except that, in the course of carrying out the duties and responsibilities of your employment, you may use Confidential Information for the benefit of any Affiliate of the Company and 
 (iv) warrant and represent that all Confidential Information in your possession, custody or control that is or was a property of the Company or any of its Affiliates has been or shall be returned to the Company by or on the date of your termination. 
 Your covenants in this Section 22(a) are in addition to, and do not supersede, your obligations under any confidentiality, invention or trade secret agreements executed by you, or any laws with respect to Confidential Information. 
 (b) Non-Competition Covenant (Applicable to Pay Grades E1 and Above) . The terms of this Section 22(b) shall only apply to the extent you are categorized as having a pay grade of E1 or higher (or such other pay grade as deemed by the Company to be its equivalent) as determined by and reflected on the payroll records of the Company 
 (i) You acknowledge and agree that the Company s grant of the Award further aligns your interests with the long-term interests of the Company and its Affiliates. As a condition of your receipt of Confidential Information following your entry into this Agreement, and as an express incentive for the Company to enter into this Agreement and grant the Award, you have voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 22, subject to the provisions of Sections 22(b)(v) and 22(b)(vi) below. You agree and acknowledge that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to prevent unfair competition and to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information (including trade secrets) and legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 (ii) You agree that during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and for a period of one year following the date on which you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates (the Prohibited Period ), you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, engage in or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company or any of its Affiliates in any aspect of the Business, which prohibition shall prevent you from directly or indirectly (A) owning, managing, operating, or being an officer or director of, any business that competes with the Company or any of its Affiliates in the Market Area, or (B) joining, becoming an employee or consultant of, or otherwise being affiliated with, any person or entity engaged in, or planning to engage in, the Business in the Market Area in competition, or anticipated competition, with the Company or any of its Affiliates in any capacity (with respect to this clause (B)) in which your duties or responsibilities involve direct or indirect responsibilities with respect to any aspect of the Business. 
 (iii) You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit 
 6 

of others, appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or any of its Affiliates located in the Market Area. 
 (iv) You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, solicit, canvass, approach, encourage, entice or induce any customer or supplier of the Company or any of its Affiliates with whom or which you had contact or for whom or which you had direct or indirect responsibility on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates or about whom or which you have obtained Confidential Information in the course of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates to cease or lessen such customer s or supplier s business with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the above-referenced limitations in Sections 22(b)(ii), 22(b)(iii) and 22(b)(iv), such limitations shall not apply following the date that you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates in those portions of the Market Area located within the State of Oklahoma. Instead, you agree that during the portion of the Prohibited Period that follows the date you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the restrictions on your activities within those portions of the Market Area located within the State of Oklahoma (in addition to those restrictions set forth in Section 22(a) and Section 22(c) below) shall be as follows during such portion of the Prohibited Period, you will not directly or indirectly solicit the sale of goods, services, or a combination of goods and services from the established customers of the Company. 
 (vi) Further notwithstanding the foregoing 
 (1) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in this Section 22(b) or Section 22(c) below shall apply to you if you primarily reside and work in California or to any of your activities occurring in the State of California following the period that you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates 
 (2) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in Sections 22(b)(ii), (iii) and (iv) shall apply to you if you primarily reside or work in Colorado or to any of your activities occurring in the State of Colorado unless (1) as of the date on which you enter into this Agreement and at the time any of such covenants are enforced, you earn an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or greater than the threshold amount for highly compensated workers as set forth in Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2-113(2)(d) and (2) you received notice prior to entering into this Agreement in accordance with Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2-113(4). Further, with respect to any activities undertaken in Colorado or if you are a Colorado resident, the term Confidential Information set forth in Section 22(a) shall not be deemed to include information that arises from your general training, knowledge, skill, or experience, whether gained on the job or otherwise and 
 (3) none of the covenants or limitations set forth in Sections 22(b)(ii), (iii) and (iv) shall apply to you if you primarily reside or work in the State of Washington or to any of your activities occurring in the State of Washington (1) unless your annualized earnings from the Company as of the date you entered into this Agreement exceed 100,000 (as adjusted pursuant to Wash. Rev. Code Ann. 49.62.020) or (2) if your employment with the Company terminated as a result of your layoff. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation . You agree that during the Prohibited Period, you will not, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of others, solicit any employee or service provider of the Company or its Affiliates to 
 7 

terminate or lessen his or her employment or his, her or its service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates provided, however, that (y) after the termination of your employment for any reason, such employees and service providers shall only include such employees and service providers that you directly worked with in the twelve months preceding the date of termination of your employment, and (z) it will not constitute a violation of this Section 22(c) if an employee or service provider of the Company or its Affiliates accepts employment or a service relationship with a Person not affiliated with the Company or its Affiliates (i) pursuant to a general solicitation advertising the position that was not targeted at such employee or service provider, (ii) as a result of communications initiated by the employee or service provider (and not in response to any solicitation by you) or (iii) where the employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates with respect to such person was terminated more than six months prior to any action by you that would otherwise be a violation of this Section 22(c). 
 (d) Non-Disparagement . Subject to Section 22(f), you agree that you will not at any time, whether during the term of your employment or thereafter, make any statement, oral or written, that is (i) a disparaging or negative comment concerning the Company or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, equityholders, members or partners (collectively, the Company Parties ), or (ii) otherwise detrimental to the reputation or goodwill of the Company or any other Company Party, and you shall refrain from directing or encouraging anyone else to make such disparaging, negative, or detrimental comment, unless required by law. 
 (e) Extent of Restrictions and Your Acknowledgment . You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Section 22, including geographical and temporal restrictions, correctly set forth the understanding of the parties at the time this Agreement is entered into, are reasonable in all respects and necessary to protect the Confidential Information, goodwill and legitimate interests of the Company and its Affiliates, do not interfere with public interests and will not cause you undue hardship, and that any violation will cause substantial injury to the Company and its Affiliates. In the event of any such violation, the Company and each of its Affiliates shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy (whether at law or equity), to preliminary or permanent injunctive relief. You waive, to the maximum extent permissible by law, any defenses or other objections to such remedies or the enforceability of this Section 22. To the maximum extent permissible by law, if any court having jurisdiction shall find that any part of the restrictions set forth this Section 22 are unreasonable or unenforceable in any respect, it is the intent of the parties that the restrictions set forth herein shall not be terminated, but that the restrictions (or parts thereof) set forth in this Section 22 shall be modified and remain in full force and effect to the extent (as to time periods and other relevant factors) that the court shall find reasonable. 
 (f) Limitations . In the event any breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 22(f) comes to the attention of the Company, this Award and the RSUs granted hereunder that have not at such time been settled shall be immediately forfeited to the Company and the Company shall take into consideration such breach in determining whether to recommend the grant of any future similar award to you, as a factor weighing against the advisability of granting any such future award to you. However, nothing in this Agreement will prevent you from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental authority regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to you from any such governmental authority (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in any action or proceeding by any such governmental authority relating to a possible violation of law or (iv) making disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall prevent you from making a disclosure that (A) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) 
 8 

solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer of reporting a suspected violation of law may make disclosures without violating this Section 22 to the attorney of the individual and use such information in the court proceeding. 
 23. Section 409A . It is intended that the RSUs awarded hereunder shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (and any regulations and guidelines issued thereunder), and this Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. Payments shall only be made on an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code. Each payment under this Agreement is considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement may be amended without your consent in any respect deemed by the Committee to be necessary in order to preserve compliance with Section 409A of the Code. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A of the Code. In no event may you, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if you are a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code at the time of separation from service and if payment of any amount under this Agreement is required to be delayed for a period of six months after the separation from service pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, payment of such amount shall be delayed as required by Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 10 days after the end of the six-month period. If you die during the postponement period prior to the payment of postponed amount, the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid to the personal representative of your estate within 60 days after the date of your death. 
 24. Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon you, your legal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, and upon the Company, its successors and assigns. 
 25. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof, but such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 
 26. Company Action . Any action required of the Company shall be by resolution of the Board or by a person or entity authorized to act by resolution of the Board. 
 27. Headings . The titles and headings of Sections are included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construction of the provisions hereof. 
 28. Governing Law . All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined by application of the laws of the State of Texas, without giving any effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent Texas state law is preempted by federal law. The obligation of the Company to sell and deliver Shares hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of such Shares. 
 29. Consent to Texas Jurisdiction and Venue . You hereby consent and agree that state courts located in Dallas, Texas and the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas each shall have personal jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with the RSUs or this Agreement. In any dispute with the Company, you will not raise, and you hereby expressly waive, any objection or defense to any such jurisdiction as an inconvenient forum. 
 9 

30. Exceptions to Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . Notwithstanding Sections 28 and 29 above, if the law of the state in which you primarily reside or work during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or on the date on which your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates (such state, the Applicable State mandates that the law of the Applicable State shall apply to any dispute or part of a dispute between you and the Company arising in connection with any of the obligations and covenants set forth in Section 22 (any such dispute or part of the dispute that is mandatorily subject to the law of the Applicable State, an Applicable State Dispute ), then such Applicable State Dispute shall be governed by the law of the Applicable State. Further, if the law of the Applicable State mandates that the federal and state courts (as applicable) of the Applicable State shall have jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to any Applicable State Dispute, then such courts shall have jurisdiction and proper venue with respect to such Applicable State Dispute. For the avoidance of doubt, any dispute or parts of a dispute that are not an Applicable State Dispute shall be governed by the terms of Sections 28 and 29. 
 31. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by the Board or by the Committee at any time (a) if the Board or the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that amendment is necessary or advisable in light of any addition to or change in any federal or state, tax or securities law or other law or regulation, which change occurs after the Date of Grant and by its terms applies to the Award or (b) other than in the circumstances described in clause (a) or provided in the Plan, with your consent. 
 32. The Plan . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions contained in the Plan. 
 33. Defined Terms . For purposes of the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned below 
 (a) Adverse Change means (i) a change in the city in which you are required to work regularly, (ii) a substantial increase in travel requirements of employment, (iii) a substantial reduction in duties of the type previously performed by you, or (iv) a significant reduction in your compensation or benefits (other than bonuses and other discretionary items of compensation) that does not apply generally to employees of the Company or its successor. 
 (b) Affiliate has the meaning provided in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 (c) Beneficial Owner has the meaning provided in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (d) Business means the business and operations that are the same or similar to those performed by the Company or any of its Affiliates for which you provide services or about which you obtain Confidential Information during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, which business and operations include the manufacture, storage, distribution, transportation, refining, and or sale of crude oil and products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel, specialty lubricant products, specialty chemicals, and specialty and modified asphalt. 
 (e) Business Opportunity means any commercial, investment or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (f) Cause means 
 10 

(i) An act or acts of dishonesty on your part constituting a felony or serious misdemeanor and resulting or intended to result directly in gain or personal enrichment at the expense of the Company or any subsidiary 
 (ii) Gross or willful and wanton negligence in the performance of your material and substantial duties of employment with the Company and its subsidiaries or 
 (iii) Your conviction of a felony involving moral turpitude. 
 The existence of Cause shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 (g) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the Date of Grant 
 (i) Any Person, other than (A) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, or more than 40 of the then outstanding common stock of the Company, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (e)(iii)(1) below. 
 (ii) The individuals who as of the Date of Grant constitute the Board and any New Director cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board. 
 (iii) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, except if 
 (1) the merger or consolidation results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (2) the merger or consolidation is effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly, or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing more than 40 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity at least 60 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which is owned by the stockholders of the 
 11 

Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 (h) Division means each of the refining, midstream or lubricants & specialties segments of the Company, or any other segment or significant line of business identified by the Committee as a Division. 
 (i) Market Area means (i) during the period in which you are employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the geographic areas within a 100-mile radius of any location where the Company or any of its Affiliates has an office or has engaged in the Business within the preceding 24 months, and (ii) during the portion of the Prohibited Period that continues following the date on which you are no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, the geographic areas within a 100 mile radius of any location where, as of the date on which you ceased to be employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates or at any time during the preceding 24 month period, the Company or any of its Affiliates had an office or engaged in the Business provided, however, in no event will the Market Area include geographic areas within the State of California. 
 (j) New Director means an individual whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the Date of Grant or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended. However, New Director shall not include a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation relating to the election of directors of the Company. 
 (k) Person has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 (l) Retirement means your termination of employment other than for Cause on or after the date on which you (i) have achieved ten years of continuous service with the Company and its subsidiaries, and (ii) are age sixty (60). 
 (m) Sale of a Division means a sale or disposition of a substantial portion of a Division (other than a sale or disposition to the Company or any of its subsidiaries) or any other transaction resulting in the loss of control by the Company and its subsidiaries over a substantial portion of a Division (including a public offering of a Division where the Company does not control the Division following such offering), in each case, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 (n) Service Period means the period of time beginning on the Date of Grant specified in the Notice of Grant and ending on the final vesting date specified in the Notice of Grant. 
 (o) Special Involuntary Termination means within 60 days prior to, or at any time after, a Change in Control (or, in the case of a Sale of a Division, within 90 days after such sale) the occurrence of either (A) termination of your employment by the Company (or any subsidiary) for any reason other than Cause that results in you no longer being employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (B) your resignation from employment within 90 days after an Adverse Change by the Company (including subsidiaries of the Company) that results in you no longer being employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In the case of a Sale of a Division, Special Involuntary Termination shall only apply if more than 50 of your full-time service is attributable to services to the Division, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 12 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 7
 hfsex1068noticeofgrantofre.htm
 EX-10.68

Document 
 Exhibit 10.68 

 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2020 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (U.S.) 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the HF Sinclair Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and the associated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S.) which has been made separately available to you (the Agreement ), you are hereby granted an award to receive the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs set forth below, whereby each RSU represents the right to receive one Share (as provided in Section 8 of the Agreement), plus rights to certain dividend equivalents described in Section 3 of the Agreement, under the terms and conditions set forth below, in the Agreement, and in the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. You may obtain a copy of the Plan and a copy of the prospectus related to the Plan by following the instructions attached as Appendix A . Additionally, you may request a copy of the Plan or the prospectus by contacting Cara Whitesel at Cara.Whitesel hfsinclair.com or 214.954.6530. 
 Grantee ______________________ Date of Grant 
 __________ __, 2022 Date of Grant 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 ______________________ Vesting Schedule 
 The restrictions on all of the RSUs granted pursuant to the Agreement will expire and the RSUs will vest according to the following schedule (or on the first business day thereafter if the date below falls on a weekend) (each such date, a Regular Vesting Date provided, that (except as otherwise provided in Section 6 of your Agreement) you remain in the employ of the Company or its subsidiaries continuously from the Date of Grant through such Regular Vesting Dates (as determined under the Agreement). 

On Each of the Following Regular Vesting Dates Cumulative Portion of RSUs that will become Vested December 1, 2023 One-third December 1, 2024 One-third December 1, 2025 One-third 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section 6 of your Agreement and except to the minimum extent required by any applicable employment standards legislation (if applicable) or other applicable law, all RSUs that have not become vested and non-forfeitable pursuant to this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units will be null and void and forfeited to the Company in the event of your termination by the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 1 

Exhibit 10.68 

 for any reason or upon your breach of the covenants set forth in Section 22 of the Agreement. 
 The Shares you receive upon settlement will be taxable to you in an amount equal to the closing price of the Shares on the date of settlement. By receipt or acceptance of the RSUs you acknowledge and agree that (a) you are not relying on any written or oral statement or representation by the Company, its affiliates, or any of their respective employees, directors, officers, attorneys or agents (collectively, the Company Parties regarding the tax effects associated with this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and the Agreement and your receipt, holding and vesting of the RSUs, (b) in accepting the RSUs you are relying on your own judgment and the judgment of the professionals of your choice with whom you have consulted, (c) a copy of the Agreement and the Plan has been made available to you and (d) you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement (including, but not limited to, the covenants set forth in Section 22 of the Agreement), (e) you are hereby advised to consult with an attorney before entering into the Agreement and the covenants set forth in Section 22, and (f) you agree to transfer all shares settled as a result of this Award to a separate personal brokerage account within 90 days following settlement. In addition, you consent to receive documents from the Company and any plan administrator by means of electronic delivery, provided that such delivery complies with applicable law, including, without limitation, documents pursuant or relating to any equity award granted to you under the Plan or any other current or future equity or other benefit plan of the Company (the Company s Equity Plans ). This consent shall be effective for the entire time that you are a participant in a Company Equity Plan. By receiving or accepting the RSUs you hereby release, acquit and forever discharge the Company Parties from all actions, causes of actions, suits, debts, obligations, liabilities, claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, on account of, arising out of, or in any way related to the tax effects associated with this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit and the Agreement and your receipt, holding and the vesting and settlement of the RSUs. By asserting any rights with respect to, or accepting any payments under, the Plan and the Agreement, you will be deemed to have understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement. 
 HF Sinclair Corporation 

___________________________________________ 
 Michael C. Jennings, Chief Executive Officer 
 2 

Appendix A 
 
 A-1 
 US 8791612 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.71>
 8
 hfsex1071executivenonquali.htm
 EX-10.71

Document 

Exhibit 10.71 

THE EXECUTIVE NONQUALIFIED EXCESS PLAN PLAN DOCUMENT 

DD2326-9 

THE EXECUTIVE NONQUALIFIED EXCESS PLAN 
 
 Section 1. Purpose 
 By execution of the Adoption Agreement, the Employer has adopted the Plan set forth herein, and in the Adoption Agreement, to provide a means by which certain management Employees or Independent Contractors of the Employer may elect to defer receipt of current Compensation from the Employer in order to provide retirement and other benefits on behalf of such Employees or Independent Contractors of the Employer, as selected in the Adoption Agreement. The Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that complies with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The Plan is also intended to be an unfunded plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 
 401(a)(l) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and independent contractors. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, this Plan shall be interpreted, operated and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. 
 Section 2. Definitions 
 As used in the Plan, including this Section 2, references to one gender shall include the other, unless otherwise indicated by the context 
 2.1 Active Participant means, with respect to any day or date, a Participant who is in Service on such day or date provided, that a Participant shall cease to be an Active Participant (i) immediately upon a determination by the Committee that the Participant has ceased to be an Employee or Independent Contractor, or (ii) at the end of 

the Plan Year that the Committee determines the Participant no longer meets the eligibility requirements of the Plan. 
 2.2 Adoption Agreement means the written agreement pursuant to which the Employer adopts the Plan. The Adoption Agreement is a part of the Plan as applied to the Employer. 
 2.3 Beneficiary means the person, persons, entity or entities designated or determined pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan. 
 2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, if the Company is a corporation. If the Company is not a corporation, Board shall mean the Company. 
 2.5 Change in Control Event means an event described in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) and the regulations thereunder. 
 2.6 Committee means the persons or entity designated in the Adoption Agreement to administer the Plan. If the Committee designated in the Adoption Agreement is unable to serve, the Employer shall satisfy the duties of the Committee provided for in Section 9. 
 2.7 Company means the company designated in the Adoption Agreement as such. 
 2.8 Compensation shall have the meaning designated in the Adoption 
 
 Agreement. 
 
 2.9 Crediting Date means the date designated in the Adoption Agreement for crediting the amount of any Participant Deferral Credits or Employer Credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant. 

2.10 Deferred Compensation Account means the account or accounts maintained with respect to each Participant under the Plan. The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited with Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits, credited or debited for deemed investment gains or losses, and adjusted for payments in accordance with the rules and elections in effect under Section 8. As permitted in the Adoption Agreement, the Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant may consist of one or more accounts including In-Service or Education Accounts, if applicable. A Participant may elect payment options for each account as described in Section 7.1 and deemed investments for each account as described in Section 8.2. 
 2.11 Disabled or Disability means Disabled or Disability within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Generally, this means that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering Employees of the Employer. 
 2.12 Education Account is an In-Service Account which will be used by the 
 Participant for educational purposes. 
 2.13 Effective Date shall be the date designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.14 Employee means an individual in the Service of the Employer if the relationship between the individual and the Employer is the legal relationship of employer 

and employee. An individual shall cease to be an Employee upon the Employee's 
 Separation from Service. 
 2.15 Employer means the Company, as identified in the Adoption Agreement, and any Participating Employer which adopts this Plan. An Employer may be a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership or sole proprietorship. 
 2.16 Employer Credits means the amounts credited to the Participant's 
 Deferred Compensation Account by the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.2. 
 2.17 Grandfathered Amounts means, if applicable, the amounts that were deferred under the Plan and were earned and vested within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and regulations thereunder as of December 31, 2004. Grandfathered Amounts shall be subject to the terms designated in the Plan which were in effect as of October 3, 
 2004. 
 2.18 Independent Contractor means an individual in the Service of the Employer if the relationship between the individual and the Employer is not the legal relationship of employer and employee. An individual shall cease to be an Independent Contractor upon the termination of the Independent Contractor's Service. An Independent Contractor shall include a director of the Employer who is not an Employee. 
 2.19 In-Service Account means a separate account to be kept for each Participant that has elected to take in-service distributions as described in Section 5.4. The In-Service Account shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Deferred Compensation Account under Section 8 and in accordance with the rules and elections in effect under Section 8. 

2.20 Normal Retirement Age of a Participant means the age designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.21 Participant means with respect to any Plan Year an Employee or Independent Contractor who has been designated by the Committee as a Participant and who has entered the Plan or who has a Deferred Compensation Account under the Plan provided that if the Participant is an Employee, the individual must be a highly compensated or management employee of the Employer within the meaning of Sections 
 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. 
 
 2.22 Participant Deferral Credits means the amounts credited to the Participant's Deferred Compensation Account by the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1. 
 2.23 Participating Employer means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which adopts this Plan with the consent of the Company identified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.24 Participation Agreement means a written agreement entered into between a Participant and the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1 
 2.25 Performance-Based Compensation means compensation where the amount of, or entitlement to, the compensation is contingent on the satisfaction of preestablished organizational or individual performance criteria relating to a performance period of at least twelve months. Organizational or individual performance criteria are considered preestablished if established in writing within 90 days after the commencement of the period of service to which the criteria relates, provided that the outcome is substantially uncertain at the time the criteria are established. Performance- 

based compensation may include payments based upon subjective performance criteria as provided in regulations and administrative guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code. 
 2.26 Plan means The Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, as herein set out and as set out in the Adoption Agreement, or as duly amended. The name of the Plan as applied to the Employer shall be designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.27 Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Order shall mean a judgment, decree, or order (including the approval of a settlement agreement) which is 
 2.27.1 Issued pursuant to a State's domestic relations law 
 2.27.2 Relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or marital property rights to a Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of the Participant 
 2.27.3 Creates or recognizes the right of a Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of the Participant to receive all or a portion of the Participant's benefits under the Plan 
 2.27.4 Requires payment to such person of their interest in the Participant's benefits in a lump sum payment at a specific time and 
 2.27.5 Meets such other requirements established by the Committee. 
 2.28 Plan Year means the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the month designated in the Adoption Agreement provided that the initial Plan Year may have fewer than twelve months. 
 2.29 Qualifying Distribution Event means (i) the Separation from Service of the Participant, (ii) the date the Participant becomes Disabled, (iii) the death of the Participant, (iv) the time specified by the Participant for an In-Service or Education 

Distribution, (v) a Change in Control Event, or (vi) an Unforeseeable Emergency, each to the extent provided in Section 5. 
 2.30 Seniority Date shall have the meaning designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.31 Separation from Service or Separates from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 2.32 Service as an Employee means employment by the Employer. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship is treated as continuing intact while the Employee is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Employee's right to reemployment is provided either by statute or contract. If the Participant is an Independent Contractor, Service shall mean the period during which the contractual relationship exists between the Employer and the Participant. The contractual relationship is not terminated if the Participant anticipates a renewal of the contract or becomes an Employee. 
 2.33 Service Bonus means any bonus paid to a Participant by the Employer which is not Performance-Based Compensation. 
 2.34 Specified Employee means an Employee who meets the requirements for key employee treatment under Section 416(i)(l)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) of the Code (applied in accordance with the regulations thereunder and without regard to Section 416(i)(5) of the Code) at any time during the twelve month period ending on December 31 of each year (the identification date ). If the person is a key employee as of any identification date, the person is treated as a Specified Employee for the twelve-month period beginning on the first day of the fourth month following the identification date. Unless binding 

corporate action is taken to establish different rules for determining Specified Employees for all plans of the Company and its controlled group members that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, the foregoing rules and the other default rules under the regulations of Section 409A of the Code shall apply. 
 2.35 Spouse or ''Surviving Spouse means, except as otherwise provided in the Plan, a person who is the legally married spouse or surviving spouse of a Participant. 
 2.36 Unforeseeable Emergency means an unforeseeable emergency within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 2.37 Years of Service means each Plan Year of Service completed by the Participant. For vesting purposes, Years of Service shall be calculated from the date designated in the Adoption Agreement and Service shall be based on service with the Company and all Participating Employers. 
 Section 3. Participation 
 The Committee in its discretion shall designate each Employee or Independent Contractor who is eligible to participate in the Plan. A Participant who Separates from Service with the Employer and who later returns to Service will not be an Active Participant under the Plan except upon satisfaction of such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish upon the Participant's return to Service, whether or not the Participant shall have a balance remaining in his Deferred Compensation Account under the Plan on the date of the return to Service. 
 Section 4. Credits to Deferred Compensation Account 
 4.1 Participant Deferral Credits. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, each Active Participant may elect, by entering into a Participation Agreement with the Employer, to defer the receipt of Compensation from the Employer by a dollar 

amount or percentage specified in the Participation Agreement. The amount of Compensation the Participant elects to defer, the Participant Deferral Credit, shall be credited by the Employer to the Deferred Compensation Account maintained for the Participant pursuant to Section 8. The following special provisions shall apply with respect to the Participant Deferral Credits of a Participant 
 4.1.1 The Employer shall credit to the Participant's Deferred Compensation Account on each Crediting Date an amount equal to the total Participant Deferral Credit for the period ending on such Crediting Date. 
 
 4.1.2 An election pursuant to this Section 4.1 shall be made by the Participant by executing and delivering a Participation Agreement to the Committee. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.1, the Participation Agreement shall become effective with respect to such Participant as of the first day of January following the date such Participation Agreement is received by the Committee. A Participant's election may be changed at any time prior to the last permissible date for making the election as permitted in this Section 4.1, and shall thereafter be irrevocable. Any election of a Participant shall continue in effect for the time period as set forth in the Adoption Agreement and shall be described as evergreen or non-evergreen as appropriate. 
 
 4.1.3 A Participant may execute and deliver a Participation Agreement to the Committee within 30 days after the date the Participant first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan. After the 30 day period expires, or after any shorter time period as agreed to by the Participant and the Committee, the latest election made by the Participant during that period becomes irrevocable. Such election shall then be effective as of the first payroll period commencing following the date the Participation Agreement becomes irrevocable. Whether a Participant is treated as newly eligible for participation under this Section shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder, including (i) rules that treat all elective deferral account balance plans as one plan, and (ii) rules that treat a previously eligible Employee as newly eligible if his benefits had been previously distributed or if he has been ineligible for 24 months. For Compensation that is earned based upon a specified performance period (for example, an annual bonus), where a deferral election is made under this Section but after the beginning of the performance period, the election will only apply to the portion of the Compensation equal to the total amount of the Compensation for the service period multiplied by the ratio of the number of days remaining in the performance period after the date the election becomes irrevocable over the total number of days in the performance period. 

4.1.4 A Participant may unilaterally modify a Participation Agreement (either to terminate, increase or decrease the portion of his future Compensation which is subject to deferral within the percentage limits set forth in Section 4.1 of the Adoption Agreement) by providing a written modification of the Participation Agreement to the Committee. The modification shall become effective as of the first day of January following the date such written modification is received by the Committee, or at such later date as required under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 4.1.5 If the Participant performed services continuously from the later of the beginning of the performance period or the date upon which the performance criteria are established through the date upon which the Participant makes an initial deferral election, a Participation Agreement relating to the deferral of Performance- Based Compensation may be executed and delivered to the Committee no later than the date which is 6 months prior to the end of the performance period, provided that in no event may an election to defer Performance-Based Compensation be made after such Compensation has become readily ascertainable. 
 
 4.1.6 If the Employer has a fiscal year other than the calendar year, Compensation relating to Service in the fiscal year of the Employer (such as a bonus based on the fiscal year of the Employer), of which no amount is paid or payable during the fiscal year, may be deferred at the Participant's election if the election to defer is made not later than the close of the Employer's fiscal year next preceding the first fiscal year in which the Participant performs any services for which such Compensation is payable. 
 
 4.1.7 Compensation payable after the last day of the Participant's taxable year solely for services provided during the final payroll period containing the last day of the Participant's taxable year (i.e., December 31) is treated for purposes of this Section 4.1 as Compensation for services performed in the subsequent taxable year. 
 
 4.1.8 The Committee may from time to time establish policies or rules consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to govern the manner in which Participant Deferral Credits may be made. 
 
 4.1.9 If a Participant becomes Disabled all currently effective deferral elections for such Participant shall be cancelled. At the time the participant is no longer Disabled, subsequent elections to defer future compensation will be permitted under this Section 4. 
 
 4.1.10 If a Participant applies for and receives a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency, all currently effective deferral elections for such Participant shall be cancelled. Subsequent elections to defer future compensation will be permitted under this Section 4. 

4.1.11 If a Participant receives a hardship distribution from a 401(k) or a 
 403(b) plan that requires all currently effective deferral elections under all plans maintained by the Employer to be cancelled, then all currently effective deferral elections shall be cancelled until the later of the beginning of the next calendar year or six months after the date of the hardship distribution. Subsequent elections to defer future compensation under this Section 4 will not be effective until the later of the beginning of the next calendar year or six months after the date of the hardship distribution. If the effective date of such an election occurs after the beginning of the next calendar year, as permitted by the Employer, a Participant may make elections for the next calendar year prior to January 1 st of the next calendar year, but these elections will not become effective until the end of the six- month waiting period. 
 
 4.2 Employer Credits. If designated by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement, the Employer shall cause the Committee to credit to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant an Employer Credit as determined in accordance with the Adoption Agreement. A Participant must make distribution elections with respect to any Employer Credits credited to his Deferred Compensation Account by the deadline that would apply under Section 4.1 for distribution elections with respect to Participant Deferral Credits credited at the same time, on a Participation Agreement that is timely executed and delivered to the Committee pursuant to Section 4.1. If no distribution election is made, vested amounts in the Deferred Compensation Account will be distributed in a lump sum upon the earliest of any Qualifying Distribution Event limited to Separation from Service, Disability, Death or Change in Control. 
 4.3 Deferred Compensation Account. All Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits shall be credited to the Deferred Compensation Account of the Participant as provided in Section 8. 
 Section 5. Qualifying Distribution Events 
 5.1 Separation from Service. If the Participant Separates from Service with the Employer, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid to 

the Participant by the Employer as provided in Section 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no distribution shall be made earlier than six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death) with respect to a Participant who as of the date of Separation from Service is a Specified Employee of a corporation the stock in which is traded on an established securities market or otherwise. Any payments to which such Specified Employee would be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation from Service shall be accumulated and paid on the first day of the seventh month following the date of Separation from Service, and shall be adjusted for deemed investment gain and loss incurred during the six month period. 
 5.2 Disability. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan when a Participant becomes Disabled, and the Participant becomes Disabled while in Service, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid to the Participant by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.3 Death. If the Participant dies while in Service, the Employer shall pay a benefit to the Participant's Beneficiary in the amount designated in the Adoption Agreement. Payment of such benefit shall be made by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.4 In-Service or Education Distributions. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that in-service or education distributions are permitted under the Plan, a Participant may designate in the Participation Agreement to have a specified amount credited to the Participant's In-Service or Education Account for in-service or education distributions at the date specified by the Participant. In no event may an in- service or education distribution of an amount be made before the date that is two years 

after the first day of the year in which any deferral election to such In-Service or Education Account became effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant incurs a Qualifying Distribution Event prior to the date on which the entire balance in the In-Service or Education Account has been distributed, then the vested balance in the In-Service or Education Account on the date of the Qualifying Distribution Event shall be paid as provided under Section 7.1 for payments on such Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 5.5 Change in Control Event. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event, the Participant may designate in the Participation Agreement to have the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account paid to the Participant upon a Change in Control Event by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.6 Unforeseeable Emergency. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan upon the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency event, a distribution from the Deferred Compensation Account may be made to a Participant in the event of an Unforeseeable Emergency, subject to the following provisions 
 5.6.1 A Participant may, at any time prior to his Separation from Service for any reason, make application to the Committee to receive a distribution in a lump sum of all or a portion of the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account (determined as of the date the distribution, if any, is made under this Section 5.6) because of an Unforeseeable Emergency. A distribution because of an Unforeseeable Emergency shall not exceed the amount required to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such distribution, after taking into account the extent to which the Unforeseeable Emergency may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant's assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship) or by stopping current deferrals under the Plan pursuant to Section 4.1.10. 

5.6.2 The Participant's request for a distribution on account of Unforeseeable Emergency must be made in writing to the Committee. The request must specify the nature of the financial hardship, the total amount requested to be distributed from the Deferred Compensation Account, and the total amount of the actual expense incurred or to be incurred on account of the Unforeseeable Emergency. 
 
 5.6.3 If a distribution under this Section 5.6 is approved by the Committee, such distribution will be made as soon as practicable following the date it is approved. The processing of the request shall be completed as soon as practicable from the date on which the Committee receives the properly completed written request for a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency. If a Participant's Separation from Service occurs after a request is approved in accordance with this Section 5.6.3, but prior to distribution of the full amount approved, the approval of the request shall be automatically null and void and the benefits which the Participant is entitled to receive under the Plan shall be distributed in accordance with the applicable distribution provisions of the Plan. 
 
 5.6.4 The Committee may from time to time adopt additional policies or rules consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to govern the manner in which such distributions may be made so that the Plan may be conveniently administered. 
 
 Section 6. Vesting 
 A Participant shall be fully vested in the portion of his Deferred Compensation Account attributable to Participant Deferral Credits, and all income, gains and losses attributable thereto. A Participant shall become fully vested in the portion of his Deferred Compensation Account attributable to Employer Credits, and income, gains and losses attributable thereto, in accordance with the vesting schedule and provisions designated by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement. If a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account is not fully vested upon Separation from Service, the portion of the Deferred Compensation Account that is not fully vested shall thereupon be forfeited. 
 Section 7. Distribution Rules 
 7.1 Payment Options. The Employer shall designate in the Adoption Agreement the payment options which may be elected by the Participant (lump sum, 

annual installments, or a combination of both). Different payment options may be made available for each Qualifying Distribution Event, and different payment options may be available for different types of Separations from Service, all as designated in the Adoption Agreement. The Participant shall elect in the Participation Agreement the method under which the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account will be distributed from among the designated payment options. The Participant may at such time elect a different method of payment for each Qualifying Distribution Event as specified in the Adoption Agreement. If the Participant is permitted by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement to elect different payment options and does not make a valid election, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account will be distributed as a lump sum upon the Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if certain Qualifying Distribution Events occur prior to the date on which the vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account is completely paid pursuant to this Section 7.1 following the occurrence of certain Qualifying Distribution Events, the following rules apply 
 7.1.1 If the currently effective Qualifying Distribution Event is a Separation from Service or Disability, and the Participant subsequently dies, the remaining unpaid vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid as a lump sum. 
 
 7.1.2 If the currently effective Qualifying Distribution Event is a Change in Control Event, and any subsequent Qualifying Distribution Event occurs (except an In-Service or Education Distribution described in Section 2.29(iv)), the remaining unpaid vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid as provided under Section 7.1 for payments on such subsequent Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 
 7.2 Timing of Payments. Payment shall be made in the manner elected by the Participant and shall commence as soon as practicable after (but no later than 60 days after) the distribution date specified for the Qualifying Distribution Event. For each 

payment, the Committee must specify a date for the Deferred Compensation Account(s) to be valued. In the event the Participant fails to make a valid election of the payment method, the distribution will be made in a single lump sum payment as soon as practicable after (but no later than 60 days after) the Qualifying Distribution Event. A payment may be further delayed to the extent permitted in accordance with regulations and guidance under Section 
 409A of the Code. 
 
 7.3 Installment Payments. If the Participant elects to receive installment payments upon a Qualifying Distribution Event, the payment of each installment shall be made on the anniversary of the date of the first installment payment, and the amount of the installment shall be adjusted on such anniversary for credits or debits to the Participant's account pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan. Such adjustment shall be made by dividing the balance in the Deferred Compensation Account on such date by the number of installments remaining to be paid hereunder provided that the last installment due under the Plan shall be the entire amount credited to the Participant's account on the date of payment. 
 7.4 De Minimis Amounts. Notwithstanding any payment election made by the Participant, if the Employer designates a pre-determined de minimis amount in the Adoption Agreement, the vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Accounts of the Participant will be distributed in a single lump sum payment if at the time of a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event the vested balance does not exceed such pre-determined de minimis amount provided, however, that such distribution will be made only where the Qualifying Distribution Event is a Separation from Service, death, Disability (if applicable) or Change in Control Event (if applicable). Such payment shall be made on or 

before the later of (i) December 31 of the calendar year in which the Qualifying Distribution Event occurs, or (ii) the date that is 2-1 2 months after the Qualifying Distribution Event occurs. In addition, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance in all of the Participant s Deferred Compensation Accounts at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan as provided under Section 409A of the Code. 
 7.5 Subsequent Elections. With the consent of the Committee, a Participant may delay or change the method of payment of the Deferred Compensation Account subject to the following requirements 
 7.5.1 The new election may not take effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the new election is made. 
 
 7.5.2 If the new election relates to a payment for a Qualifying Distribution Event other than the death of the Participant, the Participant becoming Disabled, or an Unforeseeable Emergency, the new election must provide for the deferral of the payment for a period of at least five years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made. 
 
 7.5.3 If the new election relates to a payment from the In-Service or Education Account, the new election must be made at least 12 months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment from such account. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 7.5 and Section 7.6, a payment is each separately identified amount to which the Participant is entitled under the Plan provided, that entitlement to a series of installment payments is treated as the entitlement to a single payment. 
 7.6 Acceleration Prohibited. The acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment due under the Plan is prohibited except as expressly provided in regulations and administrative guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (such as accelerations for domestic relations orders and employment taxes). It is not an 

acceleration of the time or schedule of payment if the Employer waives or accelerates the vesting requirements applicable to a benefit under the Plan. 
 7.7 Residual Distributions. If calculation of the amount of any credit to a Participant s Deferred Compensation Account is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of the Employer, payments may be made to the Participant for residual amounts contributed to or remaining in a Deferred Compensation Account after payments under the provisions of this Section 7 have commenced or been completed. The residual amount shall be credited to the Deferred Compensation Account when the calculation of the amount becomes administratively practicable. Examples of residual amounts include, but are not limited to, additional investment returns credited after payment (due to dividends or pricing changes) or additional contributions made after payment (such as an annual bonus deferral or an Employer Credit). Payments that would have been made had the residual amount been calculable at the benefit commencement date shall be made up as soon as practicable after crediting to the Deferred Compensation Account, in no case later than the end of the year in which calculation of the amount becomes administratively practicable. 
 7.8 Ineffective Deferrals. If a Participant deferral election under Section 4 to contribute to an In-Service or Education Account carries over to a subsequent year (an evergreen election) and the deferral election is ineffective (i.e., the distribution election would cause payment in the current or prior years), the amount deferred will be credited to a Deferred Compensation Account that is not an In-Service or Education Account. If the Participant only has one account of this type, the amount deferred will be credited to that account. If the Participant has multiple accounts of this type, and one of the accounts has a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election, the amount deferred will 

be credited to that account. If the Participant has multiple accounts of this type and does not have an account with a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election, one will be established with a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election and the amount deferred will be credited to this account. 
 Section 8. Accounts Deemed Investment Adjustments to Account 
 8.1 Accounts. The Committee shall establish a book reserve account, entitled the Deferred Compensation Account, on behalf of each Participant. The Committee shall also establish an In-Service or Education Account as a part of the Deferred Compensation Account of each Participant, if applicable. The amount credited to the Deferred Compensation Account shall be adjusted pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.3. 
 8.2 Deemed Investments. The Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant shall be credited with an investment return determined as if the account were invested in one or more investment funds made available by the Committee. The Participant shall elect the investment funds in which his Deferred Compensation Account shall be deemed to be invested. Such election shall be made in the manner prescribed by the Committee and shall take effect upon the entry of the Participant into the Plan. The investment election of the Participant shall remain in effect until a new election is made by the Participant. In the event the Participant fails for any reason to make an effective election of the investment return to be credited to his account, the investment return shall be determined by the Committee. 
 8.3 Adjustments to Deferred Compensation Account. With respect to each Participant who has a Deferred Compensation Account under the Plan, the amount 

credited to such account shall be adjusted by the following debits and credits, at the times and in the order stated 
 8.3.1 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be debited each business day with the total amount of any payments made from such account since the last preceding business day to him or for his benefit. Unless otherwise specified by the Employer, each deemed investment fund will be debited pro-rata based on the value of the investment funds as of the end of the preceding business day. 
 
 8.3.2 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited on each Crediting Date with the total amount of any Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits to such account since the last preceding Crediting Date. 
 
 8.3.3 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited or debited on each day securities are traded on a national stock exchange with the amount of deemed investment gain or loss resulting from the performance of the deemed investment funds elected by the Participant in accordance with Section 8.2. The amount of such deemed investment gain or loss shall be determined by the Committee and such determination shall be final and conclusive upon all concerned. 
 
 Section 9. Administration by Committee 
 9.1 Membership of Committee. If the Committee consists of individuals appointed by the Board, they will serve at the pleasure of the Board. Any member of the Committee may resign, and his successor, if any, shall be appointed by the Board. 
 9.2 General Administration. The Committee shall be responsible for the operation and administration of the Plan and for carrying out its provisions. The Committee shall have the full authority and discretion to make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Plan and decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in connection with this Plan. Any such action taken by the Committee shall be final and conclusive on any party. To the extent the Committee has been granted discretionary authority under the Plan, the Committee s prior exercise of such authority shall not obligate it to exercise its authority in a like fashion thereafter. The Committee shall be 

entitled to rely conclusively upon all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports furnished by any actuary,credited to such account shall be adjusted by the following debits and credits, at the times and in the order stated accountant, controller, counsel or other person employed or engaged by the Employer with respect to the Plan. The Committee may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to such agents, including Employees of the Employer, such administrative or other duties as it sees fit. 
 9.3 Indemnification. To the extent not covered by insurance, the Employer shall indemnify the Committee, each Employee, officer, director, and agent of the Employer, and all persons formerly serving in such capacities, against any and all liabilities or expenses, including all legal fees relating thereto, arising in connection with the exercise of their duties and responsibilities with respect to the Plan, provided however that the Employer shall not indemnify any person for liabilities or expenses due to that person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Section 10. Contractual Liability, Trust 
 10.1 Contractual Liability. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to make all payments hereunder. This obligation shall constitute a contractual liability of the Company to the Participants, and such payments shall be made from the general funds of the Company. The Company shall not be required to establish or maintain any special or separate fund, or otherwise to segregate assets to assure that such payments shall be made, and the Participants shall not have any interest in any particular assets of the Company by reason of its obligations hereunder. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payment from the Company under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured creditor of the Company. 

10.2 Trust. The Employer may establish a trust to assist it in meeting its obligations under the Plan. Any such trust shall conform to the requirements of a grantor trust under Revenue Procedures 92-64 and 92-65 and at all times during the continuance of the trust the principal and income of the trust shall be subject to claims of general creditors of the Employer under federal and state law. The establishment of such a trust would not be intended to cause Participants to realize current income on amounts contributed thereto, and the trust would be so interpreted and administered. 
 Section 11. Allocation of Responsibilities 
 The persons responsible for the Plan and the duties and responsibilities allocated to each are as follows 
 11.1 Board. 
 (i) To amend the Plan 
 
 (ii) To appoint and remove members of the Committee and 
 
 (iii) To terminate the Plan as permitted in Section 14. 
 
 11.2 Committee. 
 
 (i) To designate Participants 
 
 (ii) To interpret the provisions of the Plan and to determine the rights 
 of the Participants under the Plan, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 16 relating to claims procedure 
 
 (iii) To administer the Plan in accordance with its terms, except to the extent powers to administer the Plan are specifically delegated to another person or persons as provided in the Plan 
 
 (iv) To account for the amount credited to the Deferred Compensation 
 Account of a Participant 
 
 (v) To direct the Employer in the payment of benefits 
 
 (vi) To file such reports as may be required with the United States Department of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service and any other 

government agency to which reports may be required to be submitted from time to time and 
 
 (vii) To administer the claims procedure to the extent provided in Section 
 16. 
 
 Section 12. Benefits Not Assignable Facility of Payments 
 12.1 Benefits Not Assignable. No portion of any benefit credited or paid under the Plan with respect to any Participant shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt so to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be void, nor shall any portion of such benefit be in any manner payable to any assignee, receiver or any one trustee, or be liable for his debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts. 
 12.2 Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Orders. The Committee shall establish procedures for determining whether an order directed to the Plan is a Plan- Approved Domestic Relations Order. If the Committee determines that an order is a Plan- Approved Domestic Relations Order, the Committee shall cause the payment of amounts pursuant to or segregate a separate account as provided by (and to prevent any payment or act which might be inconsistent with) the Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Order notwithstanding Section 12.1. 
 12.3 Payments to Minors and Others. If any individual entitled to receive a payment under the Plan shall be physically, mentally or legally incapable of receiving or acknowledging receipt of such payment, the Committee, upon the receipt of satisfactory evidence of his incapacity and satisfactory evidence that another person or institution is maintaining him and that no guardian or committee has been appointed for him, may cause any payment otherwise payable to him to be made to such person or institution so 

maintaining him. Payment to such person or institution shall be in full satisfaction of all claims by or through the Participant to the extent of the amount thereof. 
 Section 13. Beneficiary 
 The Participant's Beneficiary shall be the person, persons, entity or entities designated by the Participant on the Beneficiary designation form provided by and filed with the Committee or its designee. If the Participant does not designate a Beneficiary, the Beneficiary shall be his Surviving Spouse. If the Participant does not designate a Beneficiary and has no Surviving Spouse, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant's estate. The designation of a Beneficiary may be changed or revoked only by filing a new Beneficiary designation form with the Committee or its designee. If a Beneficiary (the primary Beneficiary is receiving or is entitled to receive payments under the Plan and dies before receiving all of the payments due him, the balance to which he is entitled shall be paid to the contingent Beneficiary, if any, named in the Participant's current Beneficiary designation form. If there is no contingent Beneficiary, the balance shall be paid to the estate of the primary Beneficiary. Any Beneficiary may disclaim all or any part of any benefit to which such Beneficiary shall be entitled hereunder by filing a written disclaimer with the Committee before payment of such benefit is to be made. Such a disclaimer shall be made in a form satisfactory to the Committee and shall be irrevocable when filed. Any benefit disclaimed shall be payable from the Plan in the same manner as if the Beneficiary who filed the disclaimer had predeceased the Participant. 
 Section 14. Amendment and Termination of Plan 
 The Company may amend any provision of the Plan or terminate the Plan at any time provided, that in no event shall such amendment or termination reduce the balance in any Participant's Deferred Compensation Account as of the date of such amendment or 

termination, nor shall any such amendment materially adversely affect the Participant relating to the payment of such Deferred Compensation Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following special provisions shall apply 
 14.1 Termination in the Discretion of the Employer. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.2, the Company in its discretion may terminate the Plan and distribute benefits to Participants subject to the following requirements and any others specified under Section 409A of the Code 
 14.1.1 All arrangements sponsored by the Employer that would be aggregated with the Plan under Section 1.409A-l(c) of the Treasury Regulations are terminated. 
 
 14.1.2 No payments other than payments that would be payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination had not occurred are made within 12 months of the termination date. 
 
 14.1.3 All benefits under the Plan are paid within 24 months of the termination date. 
 
 14.1.4 The Employer does not adopt a new arrangement that would be aggregated with the Plan under Section 1.409A-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations providing for the deferral of compensation at any time within 3 years following the date of termination of the Plan. 
 
 14.1.5 The termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Employer. 
 
 14.2 Termination Upon Change in Control Event. If the Company terminates the Plan within thirty days preceding or twelve months following a Change in Control Event, the Deferred Compensation Account of each Participant shall become payable to the Participant in a lump sum within twelve months following the date of termination, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Section 15. Communication to Participants 

The Employer shall make a copy of the Plan available for inspection by Participants and their beneficiaries during reasonable hours at the principal office of the Employer. 
 Section 16. Claims Procedure 
 The following claims procedure shall apply with respect to the Plan 
 16.1 Filing of a Claim for Benefits. If a Participant or Beneficiary (the claimant believes that he is entitled to benefits under the Plan which are not being paid to him or which are not being accrued for his benefit, he shall file a written claim therefore with the Committee. 
 16.2 Notification to Claimant of Decision. Within 90 days after receipt of a claim by the Committee (or within 180 days if special circumstances require an extension of time), the Committee shall notify the claimant of the decision with regard to the claim. In the event of such special circumstances requiring an extension of time, there shall be furnished to the claimant prior to expiration of the initial 90-day period written notice of the extension, which notice shall set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the decision shall be furnished. If such claim shall be wholly or partially denied, notice thereof shall be in writing and worded in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and shall set forth (i) the specific reason or reasons for the denial (ii) specific reference to pertinent provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and (iv) an explanation of the procedure for review of the denial and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant's right to bring a civil action under ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. 

16.3 Procedure for Review. Within 60 days following receipt by the claimant of notice denying his claim, in whole or in part, or, if such notice shall not be given, within 60 days following the latest date on which such notice could have been timely given, the claimant may appeal denial of the claim by filing a written application for review with the Committee. Following such request for review, the Committee shall fully and fairly review the decision denying the claim. Prior to the decision of the Committee, the claimant shall be given an opportunity to review pertinent documents and to submit issues and comments in writing. 
 16.4 Decision on Review. The decision on review of a claim denied in whole or in part by the Committee shall be made in the following manner 
 16.4.1 Within 60 days following receipt by the Committee of the request for review (or within 120 days if special circumstances require an extension of time), the Committee shall notify the claimant in writing of its decision with regard to the claim. In the event of such special circumstances requiring an extension of time, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant prior to the commencement of the extension. 
 
 16.4.2 With respect to a claim that is denied in whole or in part, the decision on review shall set forth specific reasons for the decision, shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and shall set forth 
 
 (i) the specific reason or reasons for the adverse determination 
 
 (ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the adverse determination is based 
 
 (iii) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant s claim for benefits and 
 
 (iv) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Plan and the claimant s right to obtain the 

information about such procedures, as well as a statement of the claimant s right to bring an action under ERISA section 502(a). 
 
 16.4.3 The decision of the Committee shall be final and conclusive. 
 16.5 Action by Authorized Representative of Claimant. All actions set forth in this Section 16 to be taken by the claimant may likewise be taken by a representative of the claimant duly authorized by him to act in his behalf on such matters. The Committee may require such evidence of the authority to act of any such representative as it may reasonably deem necessary or advisable. 
 16.6 Disability Claims 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if a claim for benefits is based on Disability, the following claims procedures shall apply The Committee shall maintain a procedure under which any Participant or Beneficiary can file a claim for benefits under this Plan based on Disability. 
 16.6.1 After receiving a claim for benefits, the Committee will notify the Participant or Beneficiary of its claim determination within 45 days of the receipt of the claim. This period may be extended by 30 days if an extension is necessary to process the claim due to matters beyond the control of the Committee. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and when the Committee expects to decide the claim, will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 45-day period. This period may be extended for an additional 30 days beyond the original extension. A written notice of the additional extension, the reason for the additional extension and when the Committee expects to decide the claim, will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the first 30-day extension period if an additional extension of time is needed. However, if a period of time is extended due to a Participant or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide a claim, the period for making the benefit determination by the Committee will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent to the Participant or Beneficiary until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 16.6.2 If a claim for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, a Participant or Beneficiary or his or her authorized representative, will receive a written notice of the denial. The notice will follow the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for 

culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Participant or Beneficiary. The notice will include 
 
 (i) the specific reason(s) for the denial, 
 
 (ii) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the benefit determination was based, 
 
 (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect a claim and an explanation of why such information is necessary, 
 
 (iv) a description of the Committee s appeals procedures and applicable time limits, including, to the extent applicable, a statement of the right to bring a civil action under section 
 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review, 
 
 (v) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (i) the views presented by the claimant to the Committee of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant (ii) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Committee in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination and (iii) a disability determination regarding the claimant presented by the claimant to the Committee made by the Social Security Administration, 
 
 (vi) if the determination is based on medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Plan to the relevant medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request, 
 
 (vii) either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon in making the adverse benefit determination, or a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist, and 

(viii) a statement that the Participant or Beneficiary is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to his or her claim for benefits. 
 
 16.6.3 If a claim for benefits is denied, a Participant or Beneficiary, or his or her representative, may appeal the denied claim in writing within 180 days of receipt of the written notice of denial. The Participant or Beneficiary may submit any written comments, documents, records and any other information relating to the claim. Upon request, the Participant or Beneficiary will also have access to, and the right to obtain copies of, all documents, records and information relevant to his or her claim free of charge. 
 
 16.6.4 A full review of the information in the claim file and any new information submitted to support the appeal will be conducted. The claim decision will be made by a first review appeals committee appointed by the Employer. This committee will consist of individuals who were not involved in the initial benefit determination, nor will such individuals be subordinate to any person involved in the initial benefit determination. This review will not afford any deference to the initial benefit determination. 
 
 16.6.5 If the initial adverse decision was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the first review appeals committee will consult with a healthcare professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment, was not consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination and is not a subordinate of the healthcare professional who was consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination. 
 
 16.6.6 Before an adverse benefit determination on review is issued, the first review appeals committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the committee or other person making the benefit determination (or at the direction of the committee or such other person) in connection with the claim. Such evidence will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.7 Before the first review appeals committee issues an adverse benefit determination on review based on a new or additional rationale, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with the rationale. The rationale will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 

16.6.8 The first review appeals committee will make a determination on an appealed claim within 45 days of the receipt of an appeal request. This period may be extended for an additional 45 days if the committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and the date that the committee expects to render a decision will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 45-day period. However, if the period of time is extended due to a Participant s or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide the appeal, the period for making the benefit determination will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 16.6.9 If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part, a Participant or Beneficiary will receive a written notification of the denial. The notice will follow the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. The notice will include 
 
 (i) the specific reason(s) for the adverse determination, 
 
 (ii) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the determination was based, 
 
 (iii) a statement regarding the right to receive upon request and free of charge reasonable access to, and copies of, all records, documents and other information relevant to the benefit claim, 
 
 (iv) a description of the first review appeals committee s review procedures and applicable time limits, including a statement of the right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review, 
 
 (v) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (i) the views presented by the claimant to the committee of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant (ii) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained by or on behalf of the committee in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination and (iii) a disability determination regarding 

the claimant presented by the claimant to the committee made by the Social Security Administration, 
 
 (vi) if the determination is based on medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Plan to the relevant medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request, and 
 
 (vii) either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon in making the adverse benefit determination, or a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist. 
 
 16.6.10 If the appeal of the benefit claim denial is denied, a Participant or Beneficiary, or his or her representative, may make a second appeal of the denial in writing to the Committee within 180 days of the receipt of the written notice of denial. The Participant or Beneficiary may submit with the second appeal any written comments, documents, records and any other information relating to the claim. Upon request, the Participant or Beneficiary will also have access to, and the right to obtain copies of, all documents, records and information relevant to the claim free of charge. 
 
 16.6.11 Upon receipt of the second appeal, a full review of the information in the claim file and any new information submitted to support the appeal will be conducted. The claim decision will be made by a second review appeals committee appointed by the Employer. This committee will consist of individuals who were not involved in the initial benefit determination or the first review appeals committee, nor will such individuals be subordinate to any person involved in the initial benefit or first appeal determination. 
 
 16.6.12 If the first appeal was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the second appeals review committee will consult with a healthcare professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment, was not consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination nor in the first appeal and is not a subordinate of the healthcare professional(s) consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination and first appeal. 
 
 16.6.13 Before the second appeals review committee issues a denial of the second claim appeal, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the committee or other person making the benefit determination (or 

at the direction of the committee or such other person) in connection with the claim. Such evidence will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.14 Before the second review appeals committee issues a denial of the second claim appeal based on a new or additional rationale, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with the rationale. The rationale will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.15 The second appeals review committee will make a determination on the second claim appeal within 45 days of the receipt of the appeal request. This period may be extended for an additional 45 days if the committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and the date that the committee expects to render a decision will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 
 45-day period. However, if the period of time is extended due to the Participant s or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide the appeal, the period for making the benefit determination will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 16.6.16 If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part for a second time, the Participant or Beneficiary will receive a written notification of the denial. The notice will follow the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the applicant. The notice will include the same information that was included in the first adverse determination letter and will identify the contractual limitations period that applies to the Participant s or Beneficiary s right to bring an action under section 502(a) of ERISA including the calendar date on which the contractual limitations period expires for the claim. 
 
 16.6.17 A claimant may not commence a judicial proceeding against any person, including the Committee, the Employer, the Board, the first or second appeals review committee(s), or any other person or committee, with respect to a claim for benefits without first exhausting the claims procedures set forth in the preceding paragraphs. No suit or legal action contesting in whole or in part any denial of benefits under the Plan shall be commenced later than the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of (A) the date of the notice of the Committee s final decision on appeal, or (B) if the claimant fails to request any level of administrative review 

within the timeframe permitted under this Section 16.6, the deadline for requesting the next level of administrative review, and (ii) the last date on which such legal action could be commenced under the applicable statute of limitations under ERISA (including, for this purpose, any applicable state statute of limitations that applies under ERISA to such legal action). 
 
 16.6.18 A claimant has the right to request a written explanation of any violation of these claims procedures. The Committee will provide an explanation within 10 days of the request. 
 
 Section 17. Miscellaneous Provisions 
 17.1 Set off. The Employer may at any time offset a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account by an amount up to 5,000 to collect the amount of any loan, cash advance, extension of other credit or other obligation of the Participant to the Employer that is then due and payable in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 17.2 Notices. Each Participant who is not in Service and each Beneficiary shall be responsible for furnishing the Committee or its designee with his current address for the mailing of notices and benefit payments. Any notice required or permitted to be given to such Participant or Beneficiary shall be deemed given if directed to such address and mailed by regular United States mail, first class, postage prepaid. If any check mailed to such address is returned as undeliverable to the addressee, mailing of checks will be suspended until the Participant or Beneficiary furnishes the proper address. This provision shall not be construed as requiring the mailing of any notice or notification otherwise permitted to be given by posting or by other publication. 
 17.3 Lost Distributees. A benefit shall be deemed forfeited if the Committee is unable to locate the Participant or Beneficiary to whom payment is due by the fifth anniversary of the date payment is to be made or commence provided, that the deemed investment rate of return pursuant to Section 8.2 shall cease to be applied to the 

Participant's account following the first anniversary of such date provided further, however, that such benefit shall be reinstated if a valid claim is made by or on behalf of the Participant or Beneficiary for all or part of the forfeited benefit. 
 17.4 Reliance on Data. The Employer and the Committee shall have the right to rely on any data provided by the Participant or by any Beneficiary. Representations of such data shall be binding upon any party seeking to claim a benefit through a Participant, and the Employer and the Committee shall have no obligation to inquire into the accuracy of any representation made at any time by a Participant or Beneficiary. 
 17.5 Headings. The headings and subheadings of the Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference and are to be ignored in any construction of the provisions hereof. 
 17.6 Continuation of Employment. The establishment of the Plan shall not be construed as conferring any legal or other rights upon any Employee or any persons for continuation of employment, nor shall it interfere with the right of the Employer to discharge any Employee or to deal with him without regard to the effect thereof under the Plan. 
 17.7 Merger or Consolidation Assumption of Plan. No Employer shall consolidate or merge into or with another corporation or entity, or transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, partnership, trust or other entity (a Successor Entity unless such Successor Entity shall assume the rights, obligations and liabilities of the Employer under the Plan and upon such assumption, the Successor Entity shall become obligated to perform the terms and conditions of the Plan. Nothing herein shall prohibit the assumption of the obligations and liabilities of the Employer under the Plan by any Successor Entity. 

17.8 Construction. The Employer shall designate in the Adoption Agreement the state according to whose laws the provisions of the Plan shall be construed and enforced, except to the extent that such laws are superseded by ERISA and the applicable requirements of the Code. 
 17.9 Taxes. The Employer or other payor may withhold a benefit payment under the Plan or a Participant's wages, or the Employer may reduce a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account balance, in order to meet any federal, state, or local or employment tax withholding obligations with respect to Plan benefits, as permitted under Section 409A of the Code. The Employer or other payor shall report Plan payments and other Plan-related information to the appropriate governmental agencies as required under applicable laws. 

NOTE Execution of this Adoption Agreement creates a legal liability of the Employer with significant tax consequences to the Employer and Participants. Principal Life Insurance Company disclaims all liability for the legal and tax consequences which result from the elections made by the Employer in this Adoption Agreement. 
 Principal Life Insurance Company, Raleigh, NC 27612 
 A member of the Principal Financial Group 

THE EXECUTIVE NONQUALIFIED EXCESS PLAN 
 
 ADOPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT is the adoption by HF Sinclair Corporation the Company of the Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan Plan ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to adopt the Plan as an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the provisions of the Plan are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder and shall apply to amounts subject to section 409A and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has been advised by Principal Life Insurance Company to obtain legal and tax advice from its professional advisors before adopting the Plan, 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby adopts the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Adoption Agreement 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Terms used in this Adoption Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan, unless some other meaning is expressly herein set forth. The Employer hereby represents and warrants that the Plan has been adopted by the Employer upon proper authorization and the Employer hereby elects to adopt the Plan for the benefit of its Participants as referred to in the Plan. By the execution of this Adoption Agreement, the Employer hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 The Employer hereby makes the following designations or elections for the purpose of the Plan 
 
 2.6 Committee The duties of the Committee set forth in the Plan shall be satisfied by 
 
 __ (a) Company 
 
 XX (b) The administrative committee appointed by the Board to serve at the pleasure 
 of the Board. 

__ (c) Board. 
 
 __ (d) Other (specify) _____________________________. 

2.8 Compensation The Compensation of a Participant shall mean all of a Participant's 
 
 XX (a) Base salary. 
 
 XX (b) Service Bonus. 
 
 XX Service Bonus earned from 1 1 12 31 , paid on or around first quarter of the following Plan Year. 
 
 __ Service Bonus earned each calendar quarter, paid on or around the following calendar quarter. 
 
 __ Service Bonus with no defined earnings period (e.g. a spot bonus 

__ (c) Performance-Based Compensation earned in a period of 12 months or more. 
 
 __ Performance Based Bonus earned from 1 1 12 31 , paid on or around first quarter the following Plan Year and whose elections must be made no later than 6 30 of the Plan Year it is earned. 
 
 __ Performance Based Bonus earned from _______, paid on or around _________ the following Plan Year and whose elections must be made no later than _____ of the Plan Year it is earned. 
 
 __ (d) Commissions. 
 
 XX (e) Compensation received as an Independent Contractor reportable on Form 1099. 
 
 __ (f) Other ___________________________ 

2.9 Crediting Date The Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant shall be credited as follows 
 
 Participant Deferral Credits at the time designated below 
 
 XX (a) On any business day as specified by the Employer. 
 
 __ (b) Each pay day as reported by the Employer. 
 
 __ (c) The last business day of each payroll period during the Plan Year. 

Employer Credits at the time designated below 
 
 XX (a) On any business day as specified by the Employer. 

2.13 Effective Date 
 
 __ (a) This is a newly-established Plan, and the Effective Date of the Plan is 
 _____________. 
 
 XX (b) This is an amendment of a plan named Frontier Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 1, 2008 and governing all contributions in the plan through December 31, 2011 . This plan was subsequently amended on January 1, 2012, December 31, 2017 , January 1, 2018, and January 1, 2020 governing all contributions to the plan through March 14, 2020. The Effective Date of this amended Plan is March 15, 2022 . 

2.20 Normal Retirement Age The Normal Retirement Age of a Participant shall be 
 
 XX (a) Age 65 . 
 
 __ (b) The later of age ___ or the _______ anniversary of the participation commencement date. The participation commencement date is the first day of the first Plan Year in which the Participant commenced participation in the Plan. 
 
 __ (c) Other _____________________________________. 

2.23 Participating Employer(s) As of the Effective Date, the following Participating Employer(s) are parties to the Plan 
 
 Name of Employer EIN HF Sinclair Corporation 87-2092143 

2.26 Plan The name of the Plan is 
 
 HF Sinclair Corporation Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan . 

2.28 Plan Year The Plan Year shall end each year on the last day of the month of December . 

2.30 Seniority Date The date on which a Participant has 
 
 __ (a) Attained age __. 
 
 __ (b) Completed __ Years of Service from First Date of Service. 
 
 __ (c) Attained age __ and completed __ Years of Service from First Date of Service. 
 
 XX (d) Not applicable distribution elections for Separation from Service are not based on Seniority Date. 

4.1 Participant Deferral Credits Subject to the limitations in Section 4.1 of the Plan, a Participant may elect to have his Compensation (as selected in Section 2.8 of this Adoption Agreement) deferred within the annual limits below by the following percentage or amount as designated in writing to the Committee 
 
 XX (a) Base salary 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 50 
 
 XX (b) Service Bonus 
 
 XX Service Bonus 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 50 

__ (c) Performance-Based Compensation 
 
 __ Performance Based Bonus 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 

__ (d) Commissions 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 
 
 XX (e) Form 1099 Compensation 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 100 
 
 __ (f) Other 
 minimum deferral maximum deferral 
 
 __ (g) Participant deferrals not allowed. 

4.1.2 Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits Election Period Participant elections regarding Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits shall be subject to the following effective periods (one must be selected) 
 
 XX (a) Evergreen election. An election made by the Participant shall continue in effect for subsequent years until modified by the Participant as permitted in Section 4.1 and Section 4.2. (This option is not permitted if source year accounts are elected in Section 4.3) 
 
 __ (b) Non-Evergreen election. Any election made by the Participant shall only remain in effect for the current election period and will then expire. An election for each subsequent year will be required as permitted in Sections 4.1 and 4.2. 

4.2 Employer Credits Employer Credits will be made in the following manner 
 
 __ (a) Employer Credits 1 (Employer Discretionary Credits) The Employer may make discretionary credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 
 __ (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 
 __ (b) Employer Credits 2 (Other Employer Credits) The Employer may make other credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 
 __ (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 
 __ (c) Employer Credits not allowed. 
 
 XX (d) Other See Exhibit A . 

4.3 Deferred Compensation Account The Participant is permitted to establish the following accounts 
 
 XX (a) Non-source year account(s). Deferred Compensation Account(s) will not be established on a source year basis 
 
 __ (i) A Participant may establish only one account to be distributed upon Separation from Service. One set of payment options for that account is allowed as permitted in Section 7.1. Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established as permitted in Section 5.4. 
 
 XX (ii) A Participant may establish multiple accounts to be distributed upon Separation from Service. Each account may have one set of payment options as permitted in Section 7.1 Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established as permitted in Section 5.4. If this multiple account option is elected, the Participant will also be required to elect Separation from Service payment options for each In-Service or Education account established. 
 
 __ (b) Source year account(s) Annual Deferred Compensation Account(s) will be established each year in which Participant Deferral Credits or Employer Credits are credited to the Participant. Only one account may be established each year for distribution upon Separation from Service. One set of payment options for that account is allowed as permitted in Section 7.1. Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established for each source year as permitted in Section 5.4. If this option is selected, Evergreen elections as described in Section 4.1.2 are not permitted. 

5.2 Disability of a Participant 

__ (a) A Participant's becoming Disabled shall be a Qualifying Distribution Event and the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid by the Employer as provided in Section 7.1. 
 
 XX (b) A Participant becoming Disabled shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

5.3 Death of a Participant If the Participant dies while in Service, the Employer shall pay a benefit to the Beneficiary in an amount equal to the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account of the Participant determined as of the date payments to the Beneficiary commence, plus 
 
 __ (a) An amount to be determined by the Committee. 
 
 XX (b) No additional benefits. 

5.4 In-Service or Education Distributions In-Service and Education Accounts are permitted under the Plan 
 
 XX (a) In-Service Accounts are allowed with respect to 
 XX Participant Deferral Credits only. 
 __ Employer Credits only. 
 __ Participant Deferral and Employer Credits. 
 
 In-service distributions may be made in the following manner 
 XX Single lump sum payment. 
 XX Annual installments over a term certain not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 Education Accounts are allowed with respect to 
 XX Participant Deferral Credits only. 
 __ Employer Credits only. 
 __ Participant Deferral and Employer Credits. 
 
 Education Accounts distributions may be made in the following manner 
 XX Single lump sum payment. 
 XX Annual installments over a term certain not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 
 
 __ (b) No In-Service or Education Distributions permitted. 

5.5 Change in Control Event 
 
 XX (a) Participants may elect upon initial enrollment to have accounts distributed upon a Change in Control Event. 
 
 __ (b) A Change in Control shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

5.6 Unforeseeable Emergency Event 
 
 __ (a) Participants may apply to have accounts distributed upon an Unforeseeable Emergency event. 
 
 XX (b) An Unforeseeable Emergency shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

6. Vesting An Active Participant shall be fully vested in the Employer Credits made to the 
 Deferred Compensation Account upon the first to occur of the following events 
 
 __ (a) Normal Retirement Age. 
 
 XX (b) Death. 
 
 __ (c) Disability. 
 
 XX (d) Change in Control Event 
 
 XX (e) Other See Exhibit C . 
 
 __ (f) Satisfaction of the vesting requirement as specified below 
 
 XX Employer Credits 1 (Employer Discretionary Credits) 
 
 __ (i) Immediate 100 vesting. 
 
 __ (ii) 100 vesting after __Years of Service. 
 
 __ (iii) 100 vesting at age __. 
 
 __ (iv) Number of Years Vested 
 of Service Percentage 
 
 Less than 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 
 
 For this purpose, Years of Service of a Participant shall be calculated from the date designated below 
 
 __ (1) First day of Service. 
 
 __ (2) Effective date of Plan participation. 
 
 __ (3) Each Crediting Date. Under this option (3), each Employer 
 Credit shall vest based on the Years of Service of a Participant 
 from the Crediting Date on which each Employer 

Discretionary Credit is made to his or her Deferred 
 Compensation Account. 

__ Employer Credits 2 (Other Employer Credits) 
 
 __ (i) Immediate 100 vesting. 
 
 __ (ii) 100 vesting after __ Years of Service. 
 
 __ (iii) 100 vesting at age __. 
 
 __ (iv) Number of Years Vested 
 of Service Percentage 
 
 Less than 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 

For this purpose, Years of Service of a Participant shall be calculated from the date designated below 
 
 __ (1) First day of Service. 
 
 __ (2) Effective date of Plan participation. 
 
 __ (3) Each Crediting Date. Under this option (3), each Employer Credit shall vest based on the Years of Service of a Participant from the Crediting Date on which each Employer Discretionary Credit is made to his or her Deferred Compensation Account. 

7.1 Payment Options Any benefit payable under the Plan upon a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event may be made to the Participant or his Beneficiary (as applicable) in any of the following payment forms, as selected by the Participant in the Participation Agreement 
 
 (a) Separation from Service (Seniority Date is Not Applicable) 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 XX (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed 10 years. 
 
 (b) Separation from Service prior to Seniority Date (If Applicable) 
 
 __ (i) A lump sum. 

XX (ii) Not Applicable 
 
 (c) Separation from Service on or After Seniority Date (If Applicable) 
 
 __ (i) A lump sum. 
 
 __ (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed __ years. 
 
 XX (iii) Not Applicable 
 
 (d) Separation from Service Upon a Change in Control Event 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 XX (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed 10 years. 
 
 (e) Death 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 __ (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed __ years. 
 
 (f) Disability 
 
 __ (i) A lump sum. 
 
 __ (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed __ years. 
 
 XX (iii) Not applicable. 
 
 If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 

(g) Change in Control Event 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 __ (ii) Not applicable. 
 
 If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 

7.4 De Minimis Amounts. 
 
 __ (a) Notwithstanding any payment election made by the Participant, the vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant will be distributed in a 

single lump sum payment at the time designated under the Plan if at the time of a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event that is either a Separation from Service, death, Disability (if applicable) or Change in Control Event (if applicable) the vested balance does not exceed . In addition, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan and any other Employer plan subject to aggregation under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 XX (b) There shall be no pre-determined de minimis amount under the Plan however, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan and any other Employer plan subject to aggregation under Section 409A of the Code. 

10.1 Contractual Liability Liability for payments under the Plan shall be the responsibility of the 
 
 XX (a) Company. 
 
 __ (b) Employer or Participating Employer who employed the Participant when amounts were deferred. 

14. Amendment and Termination of Plan Notwithstanding any provision in this Adoption Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, Section 4.2, 5.4 & 6 of the Plan shall be amended to read as provided in attached Exhibit A, B & C . 
 
 __ There are no amendments to the Plan. 

17.8 Construction The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Texas , except to the extent that such laws are superseded by ERISA and the applicable provisions of the Code. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the day and year stated below. 

HF Sinclair Corporation 
 Name of Employer 
 
 By s Dale Kunneman _________ 
 Authorized Person 
 Date _ 12 1 2022 ___________ 

Exhibit A 
 
 4.2 Employer Credits Employer Credits will be made in the following manner 
 XX (a) Matching Restoration The Employer may make discretionary credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 XX (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. See note below for limitations. 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 XX (b) Retirement Restoration Contribution The Employer may make other credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 XX (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 XX (c) Transition Benefit The Employer may make discretionary credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 XX (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 XX (d) NQ Nonelective Contributions The Employer may make other credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 XX (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 See note below for limitations. 
 __ (ii) Other _______________________________________. 
 
 Limitations on Matching Restoration and NQ Nonelective Contributions. No Matching Restoration or NQ Nonelective Contributions will be made to the Plan unless the Participant has made the maximum amount of compensation deferrals to the HollyFrontier Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the 401(k) Plan permitted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and has received the corresponding maximum amount of matching contributions and nonelective contributions provided under the terms of the 401(k) Plan. 
 The amount of the Matching Restoration and NQ Nonelective Contributions for each Participant under the Plan will equal the excess, if any, of 
 (1) the amount that would have been allocated to the matching contributions and nonelective contribution account of such Participant under the 401(k) Plan as of the end of such Plan Year if the provisions of the 401(k) Plan were administered without regard to the limitations under the Code, over 
 (2) the amount that was in fact allocated as of the end of such Plan Year to the matching contributions and nonelective contributions account of such Participant under the 401(k) Plan. 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Section 5.4 of the Plan Document shall be replaced with the following 
 5.4 In-Service or Education Distributions . If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that in-service or education distributions are permitted under the Plan, a Participant may designate in the Participation Agreement to have a specified amount of Compensation credited to the Participant s In-Service or Education Account for in-service or education distributions at the date specified by the Participant. In no event may an in-service or education distribution of a Compensation amount be made before the date that is two years after the first day of the year during which the services are performed that give rise to the Compensation amount to be credited to the In-Service or Education Account (e.g., for Compensation earned with respect to services performed in 2012, the earliest distribution date with respect to any amount of such Compensation would be January 1, 2014). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant incurs a Qualifying Distribution Event prior to the date on which the entire balance in the In-Service or Education Account has been distributed, then the balance in the In-Service or Education Account on the date of the Qualifying Distribution Event shall be paid as provided under Section 7.1 for payments on such Qualifying Distribution Event. 

Exbibit C 
 
 6. Vesting An Active Participant shall be fully vested in the Employer Credits made to the Deferred Compensation Account upon satisfaction of the vesting requirement as specified below 

Matching Restoration 
 
 Immediate 100 vesting. 
 
 Retirement Restoration Contribution 
 
 100 vesting after 3 Years of Service. 
 
 Years of Service will be determined in the same manner as the HollyFrontier Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. 
 
 Transition Benefit 
 
 Immediate 100 vesting. 
 
 NQ Nonelective Contributions 
 
 TBD Vesting - as indicated by the Employer prior to the time of contribution and subject to approval of administration capability by Principal. 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 9
 hfsex1072thedirectorsstock.htm
 EX-10.72

Document 

Exhibit 10.72 

THE NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN PLAN DOCUMENT 

THE NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

Section 1. Purpose 
 
 By execution of the Adoption Agreement, the Company has adopted the Plan set forth herein, and in the Adoption Agreement, to provide a means by which certain management Employees or Independent Contractors of the Employer may elect to defer receipt of current Compensation from the Employer in order to provide retirement and other benefits on behalf of such Employees or Independent Contractors of the Employer, as selected in the Adoption Agreement. The Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that complies with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The Plan is also intended to be an unfunded plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(l) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA or independent contractors. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, this Plan shall be interpreted, operated and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. 

Section 2. Definitions 
 
 2.0 401(k) Refund Offset means a deferral of the Participant s base salary equal to the gross amount of a 401(k)-refund caused by Average Deferral Percentage (ADP) testing failures in the qualified plan. The 401(k) refund itself shall be paid to the Participant from the 401(k) plan and reported on Form 1099-R. This deferral shall not apply to Roth 401(k) refunds or any other refund not generated due to failed testing. 
 2.1 Active Participant means, with respect to any day or date, a Participant who is in Service on such day or date provided, that a Participant shall cease to be an Active 
 2 

Participant (i) immediately upon a determination by the Committee that the Participant has ceased to be an Employee or Independent Contractor, or (ii) at the end of the Plan Year that the committee determines the Participant no longer meets the eligibility requirements of the Plan. 
 2.2 Adoption Agreement means the written agreement pursuant to which the Company adopts the Plan. The Adoption Agreement is a part of the Plan as applied to the Company. 
 2.3 Beneficiary means the person, persons, entity or entities designated or determined pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan. 
 2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, if the Company is a corporation. If the Company is not a corporation, Board shall mean the Company. 
 2.5 Change in Control Event means an event described in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) and the regulations thereunder. 
 2.6 Committee means the Employer, an administrative committee appointed by the Board to serve at the pleasure of the Board, the Board itself, any other person or persons as determined in the Employer s discretion, or any other person or persons noted in the Adoption Agreement. The Recordkeeper is not the Committee. 
 2.7 Company means the company designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.8 Compensation shall have the meaning designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.9 Crediting Date means the date any corresponding asset payment used to informally finance the Plan, if applicable, is credited to the Employer s corporate owned investment account or any other day directed by the Employer. Otherwise, all Credits shall be credited on any business day as specified by the Employer. 
 2.10 Deferred Compensation Account means the account maintained with respect to each Participant under the Plan. The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited with 
 3 

Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits, credited or debited for deemed investment gains or losses, and adjusted for payments in accordance with the rules and elections in effect under Section 8. As permitted in the Adoption Agreement, the Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant may consist of one or more accounts. A Participant may elect payment options for each account as described in Section 7.1 and deemed investments for each account as described in Section 8.2. 
 2.11 Disabled or Disability means Disabled or Disability within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Generally, this means that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering Employees of the Employer. 
 2.12 Education Account is an In-Service Account which will be used by the Participant for educational purposes. 
 2.13 Effective Date shall be the date designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.14 Employee means an individual in the Service of the Employer if the relationship between the individual and the Employer is the legal relationship of employer and employee. An individual shall cease to be an Employee upon the Employee's Separation from Service. 
 2.15 Employer means the Company, as identified in the Adoption Agreement, and any Participating Employer which adopts this Plan. An Employer may be a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership or sole proprietorship. 
 4 

2.16 Employer Credits means the amounts credited to the Participant's Deferred Compensation Account by the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.2. 
 2.17 Grandfathered Amounts means, if applicable, the amounts that were deferred under the Plan and were earned and vested within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and regulations thereunder as of December 31, 2004. Grandfathered Amounts shall be subject to the terms designated in the Plan which were in effect as of October 3, 2004. 
 2.18 Independent Contractor means an individual in the Service of the Employer if the relationship between the individual and the Employer is not the legal relationship of employer and employee. An individual shall cease to be an Independent Contractor upon the termination of the Independent Contractor's Service. An Independent Contractor shall include a director of the Employer who is not an Employee. 
 2.19 In-Service Account means a separate account to be kept for each Participant that has elected to take in-service distributions as described in Section 5.4. The In-Service Account shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Deferred Compensation Account under Section 8 and in accordance with the rules and elections in effect under Section 8. 
 2.20 Normal Retirement Age , which may also be called Full Vesting Age , of a 
 Participant means the age designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.21 Participant means with respect to any Plan Year an Employee or Independent Contractor who has been designated by the Committee as a Participant and who has entered the Plan or who has a Deferred Compensation Account under the Plan provided that if the Participant is an Employee, the individual must be a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employee of the Employer within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 
 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. 
 
 5 

2.22 Participant Deferral Credits means the amounts credited to the Participant's 
 Deferred Compensation Account by the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1. 
 2.23 Participating Employer means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which adopts this Plan with the consent of the Company identified in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.24 Participation Agreement means a written agreement, including electronic submissions by the Participant or at the Participant s direction, entered into between a Participant and the Employer pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1 
 2.25 Performance-Based Compensation means compensation where the amount of, or entitlement to, the compensation is contingent on the satisfaction of preestablished organizational or individual performance criteria relating to a performance period of at least twelve months. Organizational or individual performance criteria are considered preestablished if established in writing within 90 days after the commencement of the period of service to which the criteria relates, provided that the outcome is substantially uncertain at the time the criteria are established. Performance-based compensation may include payments based upon subjective performance criteria as provided in regulations and administrative guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code. 
 2.26 Plan means the name of the Plan as designated in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.27 Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Order shall mean a judgment, decree, or order (including the approval of a settlement agreement) which is 
 2.27.1 Issued pursuant to a State's domestic relations law 
 
 2.27.2 Relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or marital property rights to a Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of the Participant 
 
 6 

2.27.3 Creates or recognizes the right of a Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of the Participant to receive all or a portion of the Participant's benefits under the Plan 
 
 2.27.4 Requires payment to such person of an interest in the Participant's benefits in a lump sum payment or any other form of payment allowed under the Plan at a specific time and 
 
 2.27.5 Meets such other requirements established by the Committee. 
 
 2.28 Plan Year means the twelve-month period ending on the last day of December, unless otherwise noted in the Adoption Agreement, provided, that the initial Plan Year may have fewer than twelve months. 
 2.28.1 Recordkeeper means the individual or entity responsible for keeping records of Plan activity including the tracking of Participant Deferred Compensation Account balances. As to applicable tax and regulatory rules, the actions of the Recordkeeper are limited to executing the decisions and directions of the Committee. The Recordkeeper does not make plan administration decisions. 
 2.29 Qualifying Distribution Event means (i) the Separation from Service of the Participant, (ii) the date the Participant becomes Disabled, (iii) the death of the Participant, (iv) the time specified by the Participant for an In-Service Distribution, (v) a Change in Control 
 Event, or (vi) an Unforeseeable Emergency, each to the extent provided in Section 5. 
 
 2.30 Seniority Date which may also be called Installment Eligibility Date shall have the meaning designated in the Adoption Agreement and shall apply to both the initial deferral election described in Section 4 and the Subsequent deferral election described in Section 7.5. 
 2.31 Separation from Service or Separates from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 7 

2.32 Service as an Employee means employment by the Employer. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship is treated as continuing intact while the Employee is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Employee's right to reemployment is provided either by statute or contract. If the Participant is an Independent Contractor, Service shall mean the period during which the contractual relationship exists between the Employer and the Participant. The contractual relationship is not terminated if the Participant anticipates a renewal of the contract or becomes an Employee. A Participant who has a Deferred Compensation Account which contains amounts deferred or contributed as an Employee and a member of the Board (Dual Status), Services performed in those capacities will be looked at independently when determining if a Separation from Service has occurred. Services as a member of the Board and Independent Contractor (in a capacity not on the Board) will be looked collectively when determining if a Separation from Service has occurred. 
 2.33 Service Bonus means any bonus that does not meet the definition of Performance-Based Compensation that is paid to a Participant by the Employer as noted in the Adoption Agreement. 
 2.34 Specified Employee means an Employee who meets the requirements for key employee treatment under Section 416(i)(l)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) of the Code (applied in accordance with the regulations thereunder and without regard to Section 416(i)(5) of the Code) at any time during the twelve month period ending on December 31 of each year (the identification date ). If the person is a key employee as of any identification date, the person is treated as a Specified Employee for the twelve-month period beginning on the first day of the fourth month following the identification date. Unless binding corporate action is taken to establish different rules for determining Specified Employees for all plans of the Company and its controlled group 
 8 

members that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, the foregoing rules and the other default rules under the regulations of Section 409A of the Code shall apply. 
 2.35 Spouse or ''Surviving Spouse means, except as otherwise provided in the Plan, a person who is the legally married spouse or surviving spouse of a Participant. 
 2.36 Unforeseeable Emergency means an unforeseeable emergency within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 2.37 Years of Service means each Plan Year of Service completed by the Participant. For vesting purposes, Years of Service shall be calculated from the date designated in the Adoption Agreement and Service shall be based on service with the Company and all Participating Employers. 
 
 Section 3. Participation 
 
 The Committee in its discretion shall designate each Employee or Independent Contractor who is eligible to participate in the Plan. A Participant who Separates from Service with the Employer and who later returns to Service may be eligible consistent with Section 409A of the Code and upon satisfaction of such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish. 
 
 Section 4. Credits to Deferred Compensation Account 
 
 4.1 Participant Deferral Credits. To the extent provided in the Adoption Agreement, each Active Participant may elect, by entering into a Participation Agreement with the Employer, to defer the receipt of Compensation from the Employer by a dollar amount or percentage specified in the Participation Agreement. The amount of Compensation the Participant elects to defer, the Participant Deferral Credit, shall be credited by the Employer to the Deferred Compensation Account maintained for the Participant pursuant to Section 8. The 
 9 

following special provisions shall apply with respect to the Participant Deferral Credits of a Participant 
 4.1.1 The Employer shall credit to the Participant's Deferred Compensation Account on each Crediting Date an amount equal to the total Participant Deferral Credit for the period ending on such Crediting Date. 
 
 4.1.2 An election pursuant to this Section 4.1 shall be made by the Participant by executing and delivering a Participation Agreement to the Committee. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.1, the Participation Agreement shall become effective with respect to such Participant as of the first day of January following the date such Participation Agreement is received by the Committee. A Participant's election may be changed at any time prior to the last permissible date for making the election as permitted in this Section 4.1, and shall thereafter be irrevocable. Any election of a Participant shall continue in effect for the time period as set forth in the Adoption Agreement. 
 
 4.1.3 A Participant may execute and deliver a Participation Agreement to the Committee within 30 days after the date the Participant first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan. After the 30-day period expires, or after any shorter time period as agreed to by the Participant and the Committee, the latest election made by the Participant during that period becomes irrevocable. Such election shall then be effective as of the first payroll period commencing following the date the Participation Agreement becomes irrevocable. Whether a Participant is treated as newly eligible for participation under this Section shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder, including (i) rules that treat all elective deferral account balance plans as one plan, and (ii) rules that treat a previously eligible Employee as newly eligible if the Participant s benefits had been previously distributed or if the Participant has been ineligible for 24 months. For Compensation that is earned based upon a specified performance period (for example, an annual bonus), where a deferral election is made under this Section but after the beginning of the performance period, the election will only apply to the portion of the Compensation equal to the total amount of the Compensation for the service period multiplied by the ratio of the number of days remaining in the performance period after the date the election becomes irrevocable over the total number of days in the performance period. 
 
 4.1.4 A Participant may unilaterally modify a Participation Agreement (either to terminate, increase or decrease future Compensation which is subject to deferral within the percentage limits set forth in Section 4.1 of the Adoption Agreement) by providing a written modification of the Participation Agreement to the Committee. The modification shall become effective as of the first day of January following the date such written modification is received by the Committee, or at such later date as required under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 10 

4.1.5 If the Participant performed services continuously from the later of the beginning of the performance period or the date upon which the performance criteria are established through the date upon which the Participant makes an initial deferral election, a Participation Agreement relating to the deferral of Performance- Based Compensation may be executed and delivered to the Committee no later than the date which is 6 months prior to the end of the performance period, provided that in no event may an election to defer Performance-Based Compensation be made after such Compensation has become readily ascertainable. 
 
 4.1.6 If the Employer has a fiscal year other than the calendar year, Compensation relating to Service in the fiscal year of the Employer (such as a bonus based on the fiscal year of the Employer), of which no amount is paid or payable during the fiscal year, may be deferred at the Participant's election if the election to defer is made not later than the close of the Employer's fiscal year next preceding the first fiscal year in which the Participant performs any services for which such Compensation is payable. 
 
 4.1.7 Compensation payable after the last day of the Participant's taxable year solely for services provided during the final payroll period containing the last day of the Participant's taxable year (i.e., generally December 31) is treated for purposes of this Section 4.1 as Compensation for services performed in the subsequent taxable year. 
 
 4.1.8 The Committee may from time to time establish policies or rules consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to govern the manner in which Participant Deferral Credits may be made. 
 
 4.1.9 If a Participant becomes Disabled all currently effective deferral elections for such Participant shall be cancelled. At the time the participant is no longer Disabled, subsequent elections to defer future compensation will be permitted under this Section 4. 
 
 4.1.10 If a Participant applies for and receives a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency, all currently effective deferral elections for such Participant shall be cancelled. Subsequent elections to defer future compensation will be permitted under this Section 4. Furthermore, a Participant may apply to the Committee to cancel all deferral elections due to an Unforeseeable Emergency. 
 
 4.2 Employer Credits. If designated by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement, the Employer shall cause the Committee to credit to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant an Employer Credit as determined in accordance with the Adoption Agreement. A Participant must make distribution elections with respect to any Employer 
 11 

Credits credited to the Deferred Compensation Account by the deadline that would apply under Section 4.1 for distribution elections with respect to Participant Deferral Credits credited at the 
 same time, on a Participation Agreement that is timely executed and delivered to the Committee pursuant to Section 4.1. If no distribution election is made, vested amounts in the Deferred Compensation Account will be distributed in a lump sum upon the earliest of any Qualifying Distribution Event limited to Separation from Service, Disability, Death or Change in Control. 
 
 4.3. Deferred Compensation Account. All Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits shall be credited to the Deferred Compensation Account of the Participant as provided in Section 8. 

Section 5. Qualifying Distribution Events 
 
 5.1 Separation from Service. If the Participant Separates from Service with the Employer, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid to the Participant by the Employer as provided in Section 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no distribution shall be made earlier than six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death) with respect to a Participant who as of the date of Separation from Service is a Specified Employee of a corporation (or a member of such corporation's controlled group) the stock in which is traded on an established securities market (either foreign or domestic) or otherwise. Any payments to which such Specified Employee would be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation from Service shall be accumulated and paid on the first day of the seventh month following the date of Separation from Service, and shall be adjusted for deemed investment gain and loss incurred during the six month period. 
 
 5.2 Disability. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan when a Participant becomes Disabled, and the 
 12 

Participant becomes Disabled while in Service, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid to the Participant by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.3 Death. If the Participant dies while in Service, the Employer shall pay a benefit to the Participant's Beneficiary in the amount of the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account and any additional amount designated in the Adoption Agreement. Payment of such benefit shall be made by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.4 In-Service Distributions. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that in-service distributions are permitted under the Plan, a Participant may designate in the Participation Agreement to have a specified amount credited to the Participant's In-Service Account for in-service distributions at the date specified by the Participant. In no event may an in- service distribution of an amount be made before the date that is two years after the first day of the year in which any deferral election to such In-Service Account became effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant incurs a Qualifying Distribution Event prior to the date on which the entire balance in the In-Service Account has been distributed, then the vested balance in the In-Service Account on the date of the Qualifying Distribution Event shall be paid as provided under Section 7.1 for payments on such Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 5.5 Change in Control Event. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event, the Participant may designate in the Participation Agreement to have the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account paid to the Participant upon a Change in Control Event by the Employer as provided in Section 7. 
 5.6 Unforeseeable Emergency. If the Employer designates in the Adoption Agreement that distributions are permitted under the Plan upon the occurrence of an 
 13 

Unforeseeable Emergency event, a distribution from the Deferred Compensation Account may be made to a Participant in the event of an Unforeseeable Emergency, subject to the following provisions 
 5.6.1 A Participant may, make an application to the Committee to cancel all active deferral elections or to cancel deferral elections and receive a distribution in a lump sum of all or a portion of the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account (determined as of the date the distribution, if any, is made under this Section 5.6) because of an Unforeseeable Emergency. A distribution because of an Unforeseeable Emergency shall not exceed the amount required to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such distribution, after taking into account the extent to which the Unforeseeable Emergency may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant's assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship) or by stopping current deferrals under the Plan pursuant to Section 4.1.10. 
 
 5.6.2 The Participant's request for a distribution on account of Unforeseeable Emergency must be made in writing to the Committee. The request must specify the nature of the financial hardship, the total amount requested to be distributed from the Deferred Compensation Account, and the total amount of the actual expense incurred or to be incurred on account of the Unforeseeable Emergency. 
 
 5.6.3 If a cancellation of deferral elections is approved such cancellation will be effective as soon as practicable. If a distribution under this Section 5.6 is approved by the Committee, such distribution will be made as soon as practicable following the date it is approved. The processing of the request shall be completed as soon as practicable from the date on which the Committee receives the properly completed written request for a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency. If a Participant's Separation from Service occurs after a request is approved in accordance with this Section 5.6.3, but prior to distribution of the full amount approved, the approval of the request shall be automatically null and void and the benefits which the Participant is entitled to receive under the Plan shall be distributed in accordance with the applicable distribution provisions of the Plan. 
 
 5.6.4 The Committee may from time to time adopt additional policies or rules consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to govern the manner in which such distributions may be made so that the Plan may be conveniently administered. 

14 

Section 6. Vesting 
 
 A Participant shall be fully vested in the portion of the Deferred Compensation Account attributable to Participant Deferral Credits, and all income, gains and losses attributable thereto. A Participant shall become fully vested in the portion of the Deferred Compensation Account attributable to Employer Credits, and income, gains and losses attributable thereto, in accordance with the vesting schedule and provisions designated by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement. Once a Participant achieves vesting on an Employer Credit, it cannot be reduced or eliminated. If Change in Control was elected as a vesting event in the Adoption Agreement participants accounts shall be fully vested upon a Change in Control, however new vesting schedules may be applied to future Employer Credits. If a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account is not fully vested upon Separation from Service, the portion of the Deferred Compensation Account that is not fully vested shall be forfeited. 
 
 Section 7. Distribution Rules 
 
 7.1 Payment Options. The Employer shall designate in the Adoption Agreement the payment options which may be elected by the Participant. The Participant may at such time elect a method of payment for Qualifying Distribution Events as specified in the Adoption Agreement. If the Participant is permitted by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement to elect different payment options and does not make a valid election, the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account will be distributed as a lump sum upon the Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if certain Qualifying Distribution Events occur prior to the date on which the vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account is completely paid pursuant to this Section 7.1 following the occurrence of certain Qualifying Distribution Events, the following rules apply 
 15 

7.1.1 If the currently effective Qualifying Distribution Event is a Separation from Service or Disability, and the Participant subsequently dies, the remaining unpaid vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid as a lump sum. 
 
 7.1.2 If the currently effective Qualifying Distribution Event is a Change in Control Event, and any subsequent Qualifying Distribution Event occurs (except an In-Service Distribution described in Section 2.29(iv)), the remaining unpaid vested balance of a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid as provided under Section 7.1 for payments on such subsequent Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 
 7.2 Timing of Payments. Payment shall be made in the manner elected by the Participant and shall commence as soon as practicable after the distribution date specified for the Qualifying Distribution Event. Distribution shall be no later than within 60 days following the day after the Qualifying Distribution Event. Such payment shall not be deemed late if the payment is made on or before the later of (i) December 31 of the calendar year in which the Qualifying Distribution Event occurs, or (ii) the date that is 2-1 2 months after the Qualifying Distribution Event occurs. Participants shall not have any influence as to the tax year or timing of the distribution. For each payment, the Committee must specify a date for the Deferred Compensation Account(s) to be valued. In the event the Participant fails to make a valid election of the payment method, the distribution will be made in a single lump sum payment as soon as practicable after the Qualifying Distribution Event. A payment may be further delayed to the extent permitted in accordance with regulations and guidance under Section 409A of the Code. 
 7.3 Installment Payments. If the Participant elects to receive installment payments upon a Qualifying Distribution Event, the payment of each installment shall be made on the anniversary of the date of the first installment payment, and the amount of the installment shall be adjusted on such anniversary for credits or debits to the Participant's account pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan. Such adjustment shall be made by dividing the balance in the Deferred 
 16 

Compensation Account on such date by the number of installments remaining to be paid hereunder provided that the last installment due under the Plan shall be the entire amount credited to the Participant's account on the date of payment. 
 7.4 De Minimis Amounts. Notwithstanding any payment election made by the Participant, if the Employer designates a pre-determined de minimis amount in the Adoption Agreement, the vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Accounts of the Participant will be distributed in a single lump sum payment if at the time of a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event the vested balance does not exceed such pre-determined de minimis amount provided, however, that such distribution will be made only where the Qualifying Distribution Event is a Separation from Service, death, Disability,or Change in Control Event. In addition, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance in all of the Participant s Deferred Compensation Accounts at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan as provided under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 7.5 Subsequent Elections. With the consent of the Committee, a Participant may delay or change the method of payment of the Deferred Compensation Account subject to the following requirements 
 
 7.5.1 The new election may not take effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the new election is made. 
 
 7.5.2 If the new election relates to a payment for a Qualifying Distribution Event other than the death of the Participant, the Participant becoming Disabled, or an Unforeseeable Emergency, the new election must provide for the deferral of the payment for a period of at least five years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made. 
 
 7.5.3 If the new election relates to a payment from the In-Service Account, the new election must be made at least 12 months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment from such account. 
 
 17 

For purposes of this Section 7.5 and Section 7.6, a payment is each separately identified amount to which the Participant is entitled under the Plan provided, that entitlement to a series of installment payments is treated as the entitlement to a single payment. 
 7.6 Acceleration Prohibited. The acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment due under the Plan is prohibited except as expressly provided in regulations and administrative guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (such as accelerations for domestic relations orders and employment taxes). It is not an acceleration of the time or schedule of payment if the Employer waives or accelerates the vesting requirements applicable to a benefit under the Plan. 
 7.7 Residual Distributions. If calculation of the amount of any credit to a Participant s Deferred Compensation Account is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of the Employer, payments may be made to the Participant for residual amounts contributed to or remaining in a Deferred Compensation Account after payments under the provisions of this Section 7 have commenced or been completed. The residual amount shall be credited to the Deferred Compensation Account when the calculation of the amount becomes administratively practicable. Examples of residual amounts include, but are not limited to, additional investment returns credited after payment (due to dividends or pricing changes) or additional contributions made after payment (such as an annual bonus deferral or an Employer Credit). Payments that would have been made had the residual amount been calculable at the benefit commencement date shall be made up as soon as practicable after crediting to the Deferred Compensation Account, in no case later than the end of the year in which calculation of the amount becomes administratively practicable. 
 7.8 Ineffective Deferrals. If a Participant deferral election under Section 4 to contribute to an In-Service Account carries over to a subsequent year (an evergreen election) 
 18 

and the deferral election is ineffective (i.e., the distribution election would cause payment in the current or prior years), the amount deferred will be credited to a Deferred Compensation Account that is not an In-Service Account. If the Participant only has one account of this type, the amount deferred will be credited to that account. If the Participant has multiple accounts of this type, and one of the accounts has a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election, the amount deferred will be credited to that account. If the Participant has multiple accounts of this type and does not have an account with a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election, one will be established with a lump sum at Separation from Service distribution election and the amount deferred will be credited to this account. 
 
 Section 8. Accounts Deemed Investment Adjustments to Account 
 
 8.1 Accounts. The Committee shall establish a book reserve account, entitled the Deferred Compensation Account, on behalf of each Participant. The Committee shall also establish an In-Service Account as a part of the Deferred Compensation Account of each Participant, if applicable. The amount credited to the Deferred Compensation Account shall be adjusted pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.3. 
 8.2 Deemed Investments. The Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant shall be credited with an investment return determined as if the account were invested in one or more investment funds made available by the Committee. The Participant shall elect the investment funds in which the Participant s Deferred Compensation Account shall be deemed to be invested. Such election shall be made in the manner prescribed by the Committee and shall take effect upon the entry of the Participant into the Plan. The investment election of the Participant shall remain in effect until a new election is made by the Participant. In the event the Participant fails for any reason to make an effective election of the investment return to be credited to the account, the investment return shall be determined by the Committee. 
 19 

8.3 Adjustments to Deferred Compensation Account. With respect to each Participant who has a Deferred Compensation Account under the Plan, the amount credited to such account shall be adjusted by the following debits and credits, at the times and in the order stated 
 8.3.1 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be debited each business day with the total amount of any payments made from such account since the last preceding business day. Unless otherwise specified by the Employer, each deemed investment fund will be debited pro-rata based on the value of the investment funds as of the end of the preceding business day. 
 
 8.3.2 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited on each Crediting Date with the total amount of any Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits to such account since the last preceding Crediting Date. 
 
 8.3.3 The Deferred Compensation Account shall be credited or debited on each day securities are traded on a national stock exchange with the amount of deemed investment gain or loss resulting from the performance of the deemed investment funds elected by the Participant in accordance with Section 8.2. The amount of such deemed investment gain or loss shall be determined by the Committee and such determination shall be final and conclusive upon all concerned. 
 
 Section 9. Administration by Committee 
 
 9.1 Membership of Committee. If the Committee consists of individuals appointed by the Board, they will serve at the pleasure of the Board. Any member of the Committee may resign, and any successor shall be appointed by the Board. 
 9.2 General Administration. The Committee shall be responsible for the operation and administration of the Plan and for carrying out its provisions. The Committee shall have the full authority and discretion to make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Plan and decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in connection with this Plan. Any such action taken by the Committee shall be final and conclusive on any party. To the extent the Committee has been granted discretionary authority under the Plan, the Committee s prior exercise of such authority shall not obligate it to exercise its authority in a like fashion thereafter. The Committee shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon all tables, valuations, 
 20 

certificates, opinions and reports furnished by any actuary, accountant, controller, counsel or other person employed or engaged by the Employer with respect to the Plan. The Committee may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to such agents, including Employees of the Employer, such administrative or other duties as it sees fit. 
 9.3 Indemnification. To the extent not covered by insurance, the Employer shall indemnify the Committee, each Employee, officer, director, and agent of the Employer, and all persons formerly serving in such capacities, against any and all liabilities or expenses, including all legal fees relating thereto, arising in connection with the exercise of duties and responsibilities with respect to the Plan, provided however that the Employer shall not indemnify any person for liabilities or expenses due to that person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 Section 10. Contractual Liability, Trust 
 
 10.1 Contractual Liability. Unless otherwise elected in the Adoption Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to make all payments hereunder. This obligation shall constitute a contractual liability of the Company to the Participants, and such payments shall be made from the general funds of the Company. The Company shall not be required to establish or maintain any special or separate fund, or otherwise to segregate assets to assure that such payments shall be made, and the Participants shall not have any interest in any particular assets of the Company by reason of its obligations hereunder. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payment from the Company under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 10.2 Trust. The Employer may establish a trust to assist it in meeting its obligations under the Plan. Any such trust shall conform to the requirements of a grantor trust under Revenue Procedures 92-64 and 92-65 and at all times during the continuance of the trust the 
 21 

principal and income of the trust shall be subject to claims of general creditors of the Employer under federal and state law. The establishment of such a trust would not be intended to cause Participants to realize current income on amounts contributed thereto, and the trust would be so interpreted and administered. 
 Section 11. Allocation of Responsibilities 
 
 The persons responsible for the Plan and the duties and responsibilities allocated to each are as follows 
 11.1 Board. 
 
 (i) To amend the Plan 
 
 (ii) To appoint and remove members of the Committee and 
 
 (iii) To terminate the Plan as permitted in Section 14. 

11.2 Committee. 
 
 (i) To designate Participants 
 
 (ii) To interpret the provisions of the Plan and to determine the rights of the Participants under the Plan, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 16 relating to claims procedure 
 
 (iii) To administer the Plan in accordance with its terms, except to the extent powers to administer the Plan are specifically delegated to another person or persons as provided in the Plan 
 
 (iv) To account for the amount credited to the Deferred Compensation Account of a 
 Participant 
 
 (v) To direct the Employer in the payment of benefits 
 
 (vi) To file such reports as may be required with the United States Department of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service and any other government agency to which reports may be required to be submitted from time to time and 
 
 (vii) To administer the claims procedure to the extent provided in Section 16. 
 
 22 

Section 12. Benefits Not Assignable Facility of Payments 
 
 12.1 Benefits Not Assignable. No portion of any benefit credited or paid under the Plan with respect to any Participant shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt so to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be void, nor shall any portion of such benefit be in any manner payable to any assignee, receiver or any one trustee. 
 12.2 Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Orders. The Committee shall establish procedures for determining whether an order directed to the Plan is a Plan- Approved Domestic Relations Order. If the Committee determines that an order is a Plan- Approved Domestic Relations Order, the Committee shall cause the payment of amounts pursuant to or segregate a separate account as provided by (and to prevent any payment or act which might be inconsistent with) the Plan-Approved Domestic Relations Order notwithstanding Section 12.1. 
 12.3 Payments to Minors and Others. If any individual entitled to receive a payment under the Plan shall be physically, mentally or legally incapable of receiving or acknowledging receipt of such payment, the Committee, upon the receipt of satisfactory evidence of incapacity and satisfactory evidence that another person or institution is maintaining custody of that person and that no guardian or committee has been appointed, may cause any payment otherwise payable to that person to be made to such person or institution so maintaining custody. Payment to such person or institution shall be in full satisfaction of all claims by or through the Participant to the extent of the amount thereof. 
 23 

Section 13. Beneficiary 
 
 The Participant's Beneficiary shall be the person, persons, entity or entities designated by the Participant on the Beneficiary designation form provided by and filed with the Committee or its designee. If the Participant does not designate a Beneficiary, the Beneficiary shall be the Surviving Spouse. If the Participant does not designate a Beneficiary and has no Surviving Spouse, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant's estate. The designation of a Beneficiary may be changed or revoked only by filing a new Beneficiary designation form with the Committee or its designee. If a Beneficiary (the primary Beneficiary is receiving or is entitled to receive payments under the Plan and dies before receiving all of the payments due, the balance to which the Beneficiary is entitled shall be paid to the contingent Beneficiary, if any, named in the Participant's current Beneficiary designation form. If there is no contingent Beneficiary, the balance shall be paid to the estate of the primary Beneficiary. Any Beneficiary may disclaim all or any part of any benefit to which such Beneficiary shall be entitled hereunder by filing a written disclaimer with the Committee before payment of such benefit is to be made. Such a disclaimer shall be made in a form satisfactory to the Committee and shall be irrevocable when filed. Any benefit disclaimed shall be payable from the Plan in the same manner as if the Beneficiary who filed the disclaimer had predeceased the Participant. 
 
 Section 14. Amendment and Termination of Plan 
 
 The Employer may amend any provision of the Plan or terminate the Plan at any time provided, that in no event shall such amendment or termination reduce the balance in any Participant's Deferred Compensation Account, including reduction in vesting percentage, as of the date of such amendment or termination, nor shall any such amendment materially adversely affect the Participant relating to the payment of such Deferred Compensation Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following special provisions shall apply 
 24 

14.1 Termination and liquidation of the Plan in the Discretion of the Employer. The Employer in its discretion may terminate the Plan and distribute vested benefits in a single lump sum to Participants subject to the following requirements and any others specified under Section 409A of the Code 
 
 14.1.1 All arrangements sponsored by the Employer that would be aggregated with the Plan under Section 1.409A-l(c) of the Treasury Regulations are terminated. 
 
 14.1.2 No payments other than payments that would be payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination had not occurred are made within 12 months of the termination date. 
 
 14.1.3 All benefits under the Plan are paid within 24 months of the termination date. 
 
 14.1.4 The Employer does not adopt a new arrangement that would be aggregated with the Plan under Section 1.409A-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations providing for the deferral of compensation at any time within 3 years following the date of termination of the Plan. 
 
 14.1.5 The termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Employer. 
 
 Distribution of benefits shall occur in the same tax year for all Participants. 
 
 14.2 Termination and liquidation of the Plan Upon Change in Control Event. If the Employer terminates the Plan within thirty days preceding or twelve months following a Change in Control Event, the vested Deferred Compensation Account of each Participant shall become payable to the Participant in a lump sum within twelve months following the date of termination, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Distribution of benefits shall occur in the same tax year for all Participants. 
 14.3 Termination and liquidation of the Plan upon Corporate Dissolution. The Plan may be terminated within 12 months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Section 331, or with 
 25 

the approval of a bankruptcy court provided the amounts deferred under the plan are included in the Participant s gross income as required under Section 409A of the Code. 
 Section 15. Communication to Participants 
 
 The Employer shall make a copy of the Plan available for inspection by Participants and Beneficiaries during reasonable hours at the principal office of the Employer. 
 Section 16. Claims Procedure 
 
 The following claims procedure shall apply with respect to the Plan 
 
 16.1 Filing of a Claim for Benefits. If a Participant or Beneficiary (the claimant believes there is an entitlement to benefits by the claimant under the Plan which is not being paid or which is not being accrued for the claimant s benefit, the claimant shall file a written claim therefore with the Committee. 
 16.2 Notification to Claimant of Decision. Within 90 days after receipt of a claim by the Committee (or within 180 days if special circumstances require an extension of time), the Committee shall notify the claimant of the decision with regard to the claim. In the event of such special circumstances requiring an extension of time, there shall be furnished to the claimant prior to expiration of the initial 90-day period written notice of the extension, which notice shall set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the decision shall be furnished. If such claim shall be wholly or partially denied, notice thereof shall be in writing and worded in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and shall set forth (i) the specific reason or reasons for the denial (ii) specific reference to pertinent provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and (iv) an explanation of the procedure for review of the denial and 
 26 

the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant's right to bring a civil action under ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. 
 16.3 Procedure for Review. Within 60 days following receipt by the claimant of notice of denying a claim, in whole or in part, or, if such notice shall not be given, within 60 days following the latest date on which such notice could have been timely given, the claimant may appeal denial of the claim by filing a written application for review with the Committee. Following such request for review, the Committee shall fully and fairly review the decision denying the claim. Prior to the decision of the Committee, the claimant shall be given an opportunity to review pertinent documents and to submit issues and comments in writing. 
 16.4 Decision on Review. The decision on review of a claim denied in whole or in part by the Committee shall be made in the following manner 
 16.4.1 Within 60 days following receipt by the Committee of the request for review (or within 120 days if special circumstances require an extension of time), the Committee shall notify the claimant in writing of its decision with regard to the claim. In the event of such special circumstances requiring an extension of time, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant prior to the commencement of the extension. 
 
 16.4.2 With respect to a claim that is denied in whole or in part, the decision on review shall set forth specific reasons for the decision, shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and shall set forth 
 
 (i) the specific reason or reasons for the adverse determination 
 
 (ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the adverse determination is based 
 
 (iii) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevantto the claimant s claim for benefits and 

(iv) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Plan and the claimant s right to obtain the information about such procedures, as well 
 27 

as a statement of the claimant s right to bring an action under ERISA section 502(a). 
 
 16.4.3 The decision of the Committee shall be final and conclusive. 
 
 16.5 Action by Authorized Representative of Claimant. All actions set forth in this Section 16 to be taken by the claimant may likewise be taken by a representative of the claimant duly authorized by the claimant to act on the claimant s behalf on such matters. The Committee may require such evidence of the authority to act of any such representative as it may reasonably deem necessary or advisable. 
 16.6 Disability Claims. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if a claim for benefits is based on Disability, the following claims procedures shall apply The Committee shall maintain a procedure under which any Participant or Beneficiary can file a claim for benefits under this Plan based on Disability. 
 16.6.1 After receiving a claim for benefits, the Committee will notify the Participant or Beneficiary of its claim determination within 45 days of the receipt of the claim. This period may be extended by 30 days if an extension is necessary to process the claim due to matters beyond the control of the Committee. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and when the Committee expects to decide the claim, will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 45-day period. This period may be extended for an additional 30 days beyond the original extension. A written notice of the additional extension, the reason for the additional extension and when the Committee expects to decide the claim, will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the first 30-day extension period if an additional extension of time is needed. However, if a period of time is extended due to a Participant or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide a claim, the period for making the benefit determination by the Committee will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent to the Participant or Beneficiary until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 16.6.2 If a claim for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, a Participant or Beneficiary or an authorized representative, will receive a written notice of the denial. The notice will follow the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Participant or Beneficiary. The notice will include 
 
 28 

(i) the specific reason(s) for the denial, 
 
 (ii) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the benefit determination was based, 
 
 (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect a claim and an explanation of why such information is necessary, 
 
 (iv) a description of the Committee s appeals procedures and applicable time limits, including, to the extent applicable, a statement of the right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review, 
 
 (v) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (i) the views presented by the claimant to the Committee of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant (ii) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Committee in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination and (iii) a disability determination regarding the claimant presented by the claimant to the Committee made by the Social Security Administration, 
 
 (vi) if the determination is based on medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Plan to the relevant medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request, 
 
 (vii) either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon in making the adverse benefit determination, or a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist, and 
 
 (viii) a statement that the Participant or Beneficiary is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim for benefits. 
 
 16.6.3 If a claim for benefits is denied, a Participant, Beneficiary, or representative, may appeal the denied claim in writing within 180 days of receipt of the written notice of denial. The Participant or Beneficiary may submit any written comments, documents, records and any other information relating to the claim. Upon request, the Participant or Beneficiary will also have access to, and the right to obtain copies of, all documents, records and information relevant to the claim free of charge. 
 
 29 

16.6.4 A full review of the information in the claim file and any new information submitted to support the appeal will be conducted. The claim decision will be made by a first review appeals committee appointed by the Employer. This committee will consist of individuals who were not involved in the initial benefit determination, nor will such individuals be subordinate to any person involved in the initial benefit determination. This review will not afford any deference to the initial benefit determination. 
 
 16.6.5 If the initial adverse decision was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the first review appeals committee will consult with a healthcare professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment, was not consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination and is not a subordinate of the healthcare professional who was consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination. 
 
 16.6.6 Before an adverse benefit determination on review is issued, the first review appeals committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the committee or other person making the benefit determination (or at the direction of the committee or such other person) in connection with the claim. Such evidence will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.7 Before the first review appeals committee issues an adverse benefit determination on review based on a new or additional rationale, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with the rationale. The rationale will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.8 The first review appeals committee will make a determination on an appealed claim within 45 days of the receipt of an appeal request. This period may be extended for an additional 45 days if the committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and the date that the committee expects to render a decision will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 45-day period. However, if the period of time is extended due to a Participant s or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide the appeal, the period for making the benefit determination will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 16.6.9 If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part, a Participant or Beneficiary will receive a written notification of the denial. The notice will follow 
 30 

the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. The notice will include 
 
 (i) the specific reason(s) for the adverse determination, 
 
 (ii) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the determination was based, 
 
 (iii) a statement regarding the right to receive upon request and free of charge reasonable access to, and copies of, all records, documents and other information relevant to the benefit claim, 
 
 (iv) a description of the first review appeals committee s review procedures and applicable time limits, including a statement of the right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review, 
 
 (v) a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (i) the views presented by the claimant to the committee of health care professionals treating the claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the claimant (ii) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained by or on behalf of the committee in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination and (iii) a disability determination regarding the claimant presented by the claimant to the committee made by the Social Security Administration, 
 
 (vi) if the determination is based on medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the determination, applying the terms of the Plan to the relevant medical circumstances, or a statement that such explanation will be provided free of charge upon request, and 
 
 (vii) either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon in making the adverse benefit determination, or a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist. 
 
 16.6.10 If the appeal of the benefit claim denial is denied, a Participant, Beneficiary, or representative, may make a second appeal of the denial in writing to the Committee within 180 days of the receipt of the written notice of denial. The Participant or Beneficiary may submit with the second appeal any written comments, documents, records and any other information relating to the claim. Upon request, the Participant or Beneficiary will also have access to, and the right to obtain copies of, all documents, records and information relevant to the claim free of charge. 
 
 31 

16.6.11 Upon receipt of the second appeal, a full review of the information in the claim file and any new information submitted to support the appeal will be conducted. The claim decision will be made by a second review appeals committee appointed by the Employer. This committee will consist of individuals who were not involved in the initial benefit determination or the first review appeals committee, nor will such individuals be subordinate to any person involved in the initial benefit or first appeal determination. 
 
 16.6.12 If the first appeal was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the second appeals review committee will consult with a healthcare professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment, was not consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination nor in the first appeal and is not a subordinate of the healthcare professional(s) consulted in the initial adverse benefit determination and first appeal. 
 
 16.6.13 Before the second appeals review committee issues a denial of the second claim appeal, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the committee or other person making the benefit determination (or at the direction of the committee or such other person) in connection with the claim. Such evidence will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.14 Before the second review appeals committee issues a denial of the second claim appeal based on a new or additional rationale, the committee will provide the Participant or Beneficiary, free of charge, with the rationale. The rationale will be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant or Beneficiary a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 
 
 16.6.15 The second appeals review committee will make a determination on the second claim appeal within 45 days of the receipt of the appeal request. This period may be extended for an additional 45 days if the committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, the reason for the extension and the date that the committee expects to render a decision will be furnished to the Participant or Beneficiary within the initial 45-day period. However, if the period of time is extended due to the Participant s or Beneficiary s failure to submit information necessary to decide the appeal, the period for making the benefit determination will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent until the date on which the Participant or Beneficiary responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 32 

16.6.16 If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part for a second time, the Participant or Beneficiary will receive a written notification of the denial. The notice will follow the rules of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1(o) for culturally and linguistically appropriate notices and will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the applicant. The notice will include the same information that was included in the first adverse determination letter and will identify the contractual limitations period that applies to the Participant s or Beneficiary s right to bring an action under section 502(a) of ERISA including the calendar date on which the contractual limitations period expires for the claim. 
 
 16.6.17A claimant may not commence a judicial proceeding against any person, including the Committee, the Employer, the Board, the first or second appeals review committee(s), or any other person or committee, with respect to a claim for benefits without first exhausting the claims procedures set forth in the preceding paragraphs. No suit or legal action contesting in whole or in part any denial of benefits under the Plan shall be commenced later than the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of (A) the date of the notice of the Committee s final decision on appeal, or (B) if the claimant fails to request any level of administrative review within the timeframe permitted under this Section 16.6, the deadline for requesting the next level of administrative review, and (ii) the last date on which such legal action could be commenced under the applicable statute of limitations under ERISA (including, for this purpose, any applicable state statute of limitations that applies under ERISA to such legal action). 
 
 16.6.18 A claimant has the right to request a written explanation of any violation of these claims procedures. The Committee will provide an explanation within 10 days of the request. 
 
 Section 17. Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 17.1 Set off. The Employer may at any time offset a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account by an amount up to 5,000 to collect the amount of any loan, cash advance, extension of other credit or other obligation of the Participant to the Employer that is then due and payable in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 17.2 Notices. Each Participant who is not in Service and each Beneficiary shall be responsible for furnishing the Committee or its designee with the current address, and direct deposit information if desired, for the mailing of notices and benefit payments. Any notice required or permitted to be given to such Participant or Beneficiary shall be deemed given if directed to such address and mailed by regular United States mail, first class, postage prepaid. If 
 33 

any benefit distribution is rejected or returned to the Employer, benefit payments will be suspended until the Participant or Beneficiary furnishes the proper information. This provision shall not be construed as requiring the mailing of any notice or notification otherwise permitted to be given by posting or by other publication. 
 17.3 Lost Distributees. A benefit shall be deemed forfeited if the Committee is unable 
 to locate the Participant or Beneficiary to whom payment is due by the fifth anniversary of the 34 date payment is to be made or commence provided, that the deemed investment rate of return pursuant to Section 8.2 shall cease to be applied to the Participant's account following the first anniversary of such date provided further, however, that such benefit shall be reinstated if a valid claim is made by or on behalf of the Participant or Beneficiary for all or part of the forfeited benefit. The Employer and Committee will be responsible for determining whether unclaimed property laws are applicable to forfeited benefits. 
 17.4 Reliance on Data. The Employer and the Committee shall have the right to rely on any data provided by the Participant or by any Beneficiary. Representations of such data shall be binding upon any party seeking to claim a benefit through a Participant, and the Employer and the Committee shall have no obligation to inquire into the accuracy of any representation made at any time by a Participant or Beneficiary. 
 17.5 Headings. The headings and subheadings of the Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference and are to be ignored in any construction of the provisions hereof. 
 17.6 Continuation of Employment. The establishment of the Plan shall not be construed as conferring any legal or other rights upon any Employee or any persons for continuation of employment, nor shall it interfere with the right of the Employer to discharge any Employee without regard to the effect thereof under the Plan. 
 34 

17.7 Merger or Consolidation Assumption of Plan. No Employer shall consolidate or merge into or with another corporation or entity, or transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, partnership, trust or other entity (a Successor Entity unless such Successor Entity shall assume the rights, obligations and liabilities of the Employer under the Plan and upon such assumption, the Successor Entity shall become obligated to perform the terms and conditions of the Plan. Nothing herein shall prohibit the assumption of the obligations and liabilities of the Employer under the Plan by any Successor Entity. 
 17.8 Construction. The Employer shall designate in the Adoption Agreement the state or commonwealth according to whose laws the provisions of the Plan shall be construed and enforced, except to the extent that such laws are superseded by ERISA and the applicable requirements of the Code. 
 17.9 Taxes. The Employer or other payor may withhold a benefit payment under the Plan or a Participant's wages, or the Employer may reduce a Participant's Deferred Compensation Account balance, in order to meet any federal, state, or local or employment tax withholding obligations with respect to Plan benefits, as permitted under Section 409A of the Code. The Employer or other payor shall report Plan payments and other Plan-related information to the appropriate governmental agencies as required under applicable laws. 
 17.10 Administration Fees. Any Plan or Plan related fees related to the administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Employer. 
 17.11 Savings Clause. To the extent that any of the provisions of the Plan are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such 
 provision shall be deleted, and the balance of the Plan shall not be affected. 
 
 35 

NOTE Execution of this Adoption Agreement creates a legal liability of the Employer with significant tax consequences to the Employer and Participants. Principal Life Insurance Company disclaims all liability for the legal and tax consequences which result from the elections made by the Employer in this Adoption Agreement. Nothing set forth in this agreement or related documents may be taken or relied upon as legal, tax, investment, or accounting advice, nor as any investment recommendation. You should consult with appropriate counsel or other advisors on all matters pertaining to legal, tax, or accounting obligations and requirements. 
 
 Principal Life Insurance Company, Raleigh, NC 27612 
 A member of the Principal Financial Group 
 
 THE NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 ADOPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT is the adoption of the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Plan by HF Sinclair Corporation the Company with an EIN of 87-2092143 . 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to adopt the Plan as an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan for members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees and under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(l) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA or independent contractors and 
 
 WHEREAS, the provisions of the Plan are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder and shall apply to amounts subject to Section 409A and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has been advised by Principal Life Insurance Company the Recordkeeper to obtain legal and tax advice from its professional advisors before adopting the Plan, 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby adopts the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Adoption Agreement 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Terms used in this Adoption Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan, unless some other meaning is expressly herein set forth. The Company hereby represents and warrants that the Plan has been adopted by the Company upon proper authorization and the Company hereby elects to adopt the Plan for the benefit of its Participants as referred to in the Plan. By the execution of this Adoption Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 The Company hereby makes the following designations or elections for the purpose of the Plan 

2.13 Effective Date This is an amendment of a plan named HollyFrontier Corp Directors Stock Compensation Deferral Plan dated October 1, 2021 and governing all contributions to the plan through March 14, 2022 . The Effective Date of this amended Plan is March 15, 2022 . 
 
 2.26 Plan The name of the Plan is 
 
 HF Sinclair Corporation Directors Stock Compensation Deferral Plan . 

4.1 Participant Deferral Credits Subject to the limitations in Section 4.1 of the Plan, a Participant may elect to have their Compensation, as elected below, deferred within the annual limits below by the following percentage or amount as designated in writing to the Committee 
 
 Base Salary 
 
 (a) Base Salary 
 
 maximum deferral 80 
 
 (b) Base salary deferral in an amount equal to a 401(k) refund 401(k) Refund 
 Offset as defined in Section 2.0 of the Plan 
 
 mandatory deferral 100 

Bonus 
 
 (c) Service Bonus 
 
 Service Bonus earned from 1 1-12 31, paid on or around first quarter of the following Plan Year . 
 
 maximum deferral 80 
 
 (d) Performance-Based Compensation 
 
 Performance Based Bonus earned from 1 1-12 31, paid on or around the first quarter of the following Plan Year and whose election must be no later than six months prior to the end of the earnings period. 
 
 maximum deferral 80 
 
 (e) Participant deferrals not allowed. 

4.1.2 Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits Election Period (Evergreen Elections) 
 
 An election made by the Participant shall continue in effect for subsequent years until modified by the Participant as permitted in Section 4.1 and Section 4.2 of the Plan. 

4.2 Employer Credits (Section 4.2 of the Plan) and Vesting (Section 6 of the Plan) Employer Credits will be made in the following manner 
 
 (a) Employer Credits not allowed. 
 
 (b) Employer Discretionary Credits The Employer may make discretionary credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 
 
 (i) Immediate 100 vesting. 
 
 (ii) Number of Years Vested 
 of Service Percentage 
 
 Less than 1 0 1 100 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 or more 

For this purpose, Years of Service of a Participant shall be calculated from the date designated below 
 
 (1) First day the Participant begins to provide services to the Employer and all Participating Employers 

(2) Each Crediting Date. Under this option (2), each Employer Credit shall vest based on the Years of Service of a Participant from the Crediting Date on which each Employer Discretionary Credit is made to the Deferred Compensation Account. 
 
 Further, an Active Participant shall be fully vested in ALL Employer Credits, as noted above, upon the first to occur of the following events 
 
 (a) Full Vesting Age (as defined in Section 2.20 of the Plan) shall mean age __. 
 
 (b) Death. 
 
 (c) Disability. 
 
 (d) Change in Control Event. 
 
 If Change in Control or Disability is not a Vesting event, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 Forfeited 
 Distributed upon a Qualifying Distribution Event if vested at that time 
 
 4.3 Deferred Compensation Account A Participant may establish only one account to be distributed upon Separation from Service. One set of payment options for that account is allowed as permitted in Section 7.1 of the Plan. Additional In-Service accounts may be established as permitted in Section 5.4 of the Plan. 
 
 5.2 Disability of a Participant A Participant's becoming Disabled shall be a Qualifying Distribution Event and the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid by the Employer as provided in Section 7.1 of the Plan. 

5.3 Death of a Participant A Participant's death shall be a Qualifying Distribution Event and the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid by the Employer as provided in Section 7.1 of the Plan. 

5.4 In-Service Distributions In-Service Accounts are permitted under the Plan 
 
 (a) In-Service Accounts are allowed with respect to 
 Participant Deferral Credits only. 
 Employer Credits only. 
 Participant Deferral and Employer Credits. 

In-service distributions may be made in the following manner 
 Single lump sum payment. 
 Annual installments over a term certain not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 If applicable, amounts not vested at the time in-service payments are distributed will be distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time. 
 
 (b) No In-Service Distributions permitted. 

5.5 Change in Control Event 
 
 (a) A Change in Control shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 
 
 (b) Participants may elect upon initial enrollment to have accounts distributed upon a Change in Control Event. 

5.6 Upon an Unforeseeable Emergency (as defined in Section 2.36 of the Plan Participants may apply to cancel deferral elections and or have vested accounts distributed upon an Unforeseeable Emergency event. 

7.1 Payment Options If permitted by the plan design, any benefit payable under the Plan upon a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event may be made to the Participant or the Beneficiary (as applicable) in any of the following payment forms, as selected by the Participant, or mandated by the plan provisions in the Participation Agreement 
 
 (a) Separation from Service 
 
 (i) A lump sum. 
 
 (ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed __ years. 
 
 (b) Death shall be paid in a lump sum 
 
 (c) Disability shall be paid in a lump sum 
 
 (d) Unforeseeable Emergency shall be paid in a lump sum 

7.4 De Minimis Amounts. The Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant at any time, whether or not a Qualifying Distribution Event has occurred if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan and any other Employer plan subject to aggregation under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 Notwithstanding any payment election made by the Participant, the vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant shall be distributed in a single lump sum payment if at the time of a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event that is either a Separation from Service, death, Disability, or Change in Control Event the vested balance does not exceed 
 
 150,000 . 
 
 Not Applicable 

14. Amendment and Termination of Plan Notwithstanding any provision in this Adoption Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, Section ______ of the Plan shall be amended to read as provided in attached Exhibit _____________ 
 
 There are no amendments to the Plan. 

17.8 Construction The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State Commonwealth of Texas , except to the extent that such laws are superseded by ERISA and the applicable provisions of the Code. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the day and year stated below. 
 
 HF Sinclair Corporation 
 Name of Company 
 
 By _ s Dale Kunneman ________ 
 Authorized Person 
 Date _ 12 1 22 ______________ 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 hfsex211subsidiariesofregi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 HF SINCLAIR CORPORATION 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 State or Country of Name of Entity Incorporation or Organization 7037619 Canada Inc. Canada Artesia PTU LLC Delaware Artesia Renewable Diesel Company LLC Delaware Black Eagle LLC Delaware Cheyenne Logistics LLC (1) 
 Delaware Cheyenne Pipeline LLC (joint venture) Texas Cheyenne Renewable Diesel Company LLC Delaware Cushing Connect Pipeline & Terminal LLC (joint venture) (1) 
 Delaware Cushing Connect Pipeline Holdings LLC (joint venture subsidiary) (1) 
 Delaware Cushing Connect Terminal Holdings LLC (joint venture subsidiary) (1) 
 Delaware Eagle Consolidation LLC Delaware El Dorado Logistics LLC (1) 
 Delaware El Dorado Operating LLC (1) 
 Delaware El Dorado Osage LLC (1) 
 Delaware El Paso Operating LLC Delaware Ethanol Management Company LLC Delaware Frontier Aspen LLC (f k a HEP Casper SLC LLC) (1) 
 Delaware Frontier Pipeline LLC Delaware Frontier Refining & Marketing LLC Delaware HEP Cheyenne LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP Cushing LLC (f k a HEP Cheyenne Shortline LLC) (1) 
 Delaware HEP El Dorado LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP Fin-Tex Trust-River, L.P. (1) 
 Texas HEP Logistics GP, L.L.C (1) 
 Delaware HEP Logistics Holdings, L.P. Delaware HEP Mountain Home, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Navajo Southern, L.P. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Oklahoma LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP Pipeline Assets, Limited Partnership (1) 
 Delaware HEP Pipeline GP, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Pipeline, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Refining Assets, L.P. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Refining GP, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Refining, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HEP Tulsa LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP UNEV Holdings LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP UNEV Pipeline LLC (1) 
 Delaware HEP Woods Cross, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware HF Sinclair Asphalt Company LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Asphalt Company LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Casper Refining LLC (f k a Sinclair Casper Refining Company LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Cheyenne Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Cheyenne Refining LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair El Dorado Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier El Dorado Refining LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Field Services LLC (f k a Sinclair Field Services LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Golf Course LLC (f k a Sinclair Golf Course LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Navajo Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Navajo Refining LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Parco Refining LLC (f k a Sinclair Wyoming Refining Company LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Payroll Services, Inc. (f k a HollyFrontier Payroll Services, Inc.) Delaware HF Sinclair Puget Sound Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Puget Sound Refining LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Refining & Marketing LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Refining & Marketing LLC) Delaware 

HF Sinclair Renewables Holding Company LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Renewables Holding Company LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Renewables Marketing LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Renewables Marketing LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Transportation LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Transportation LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Tulsa Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Tulsa Refining LLC) Delaware HF Sinclair Woods Cross Refining LLC (f k a HollyFrontier Woods Refining LLC) Delaware Holly Energy Finance Corp. (1) 
 Delaware Holly Energy Holdings LLC (1) 
 Delaware Holly Energy Partners Operating, L.P. (1) 
 Delaware Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (1) 
 Delaware Holly Energy Storage Lovington LLC (1) 
 Delaware Holly Logistic Services, L.L.C. Delaware Holly Logistics Limited LLC Delaware Holly Petroleum, Inc. Delaware Holly Refining Communications, Inc. Delaware HollyFrontier Corporation Delaware HollyFrontier Cyprus Limited Cyprus HollyFrontier Holdings LLC Delaware HollyFrontier LSP Brand Strategies LLC Delaware HollyFrontier LSP Europe B. V. (f k a Petro-Canada Lubricants Netherlands B.V.) Netherlands HollyFrontier LSP Holdings LLC Delaware HollyFrontier LSP Latin America Holdings LLC Delaware HollyFrontier LSP Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico HollyFrontier LSP Services LLC Delaware HollyFrontier LSP US Holdings LLC Delaware HollyFrontier Luxembourg Holding Company Luxembourg HollyFrontier Netherlands B.V. Netherlands HollyFrontier Services LLC Delaware Hollymarks, LLC Delaware HRM Realty, LLC Delaware Jia Shi Lubricants Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Lea Refining Company Delaware Lovington-Artesia, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware Navajo Holdings, Inc. New Mexico Navajo Pipeline Co., L.P. Delaware Navajo Pipeline GP, L.L.C. Delaware Navajo Pipeline LP, L.L.C. Delaware NWNAL LLC (1) 
 Delaware Osage Pipe Line Company, LLC (joint venture) (1) 
 Delaware Petro-Canada America Lubricants LLC (2) 
 Delaware Petro-Canada Europe Lubricants Limited U.K. Petro-Canada Lubricants Inc. Canada Qingdao Sonneborn Refined Products Co., Ltd. China Rawlins PTU LLC Delaware Red Giant Oil Company LLC Delaware Roadrunner Pipeline, L.L.C. (1) 
 Delaware Sinclair Crude Company LLC Delaware Sinclair Holding LLC (f k a Hippo Holding LLC) Delaware Sinclair Logistics LLC (1) 
 Delaware Sinclair Oil LLC (f k a Sinclair Oil Corporation) Delaware Sinclair Pipeline Company LLC (1) 
 Delaware Sinclair Transportation Company LLC (1)(3) 
 Delaware Sinclair Trucking Company LLC Delaware Sinclair Tulsa Refining Company LLC Wyoming SLC Pipeline LLC (f k a HEP SLC, LLC) (1) 
 Delaware Sonneborn do Brasil Reprecentacoes Comerciais LTDA Brazil Sonneborn Refined Products B.V. Netherlands Sonneborn US Holdings LLC Delaware Sonneborn, LLC Delaware 

UNEV Pipeline, LLC (1) 
 Delaware Wainoco Oil and Gas Company Delaware Wainoco Resources, Inc. Delaware Woods Cross Operating LLC (1) 
 Delaware Wyoming Renewable Diesel Company LLC Delaware 
 
 (1) Represents a subsidiary of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. We have presented these entities in our list of subsidiaries as a result of our reconsolidation of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. on March 1, 2008. 
 (2) Petro-Canada America Lubricants LLC also does business as Intelligro. 
 (3) Sinclair Transportation Company LLC also does business as Sinclair Pipeline Company and Sinclair Terminal Company. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 hfsex231-consent12x31x2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-264186) of HF Sinclair Corporation, and in the related prospectus, 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-263722) of HF Sinclair Corporation, and in the related prospectus, and 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-263721) pertaining to the HF Sinclair Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan and HF Sinclair Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of HF Sinclair Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of HF Sinclair Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 hfsex31112-31x202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael C. Jennings, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HF Sinclair Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

Date February 28, 2023 s Michael C. Jennings Michael C. Jennings Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 hfsex31212-31x202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Atanas H. Atanasov, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HF Sinclair Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 s Atanas H. Atanasov Atanas H. Atanasov Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 hfsex32112-31x202210k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
 OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 

In connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael C. Jennings, Chief Executive Officer of HF Sinclair Corporation (the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 28, 2023 s Michael C. Jennings Michael C. Jennings Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 hfsex32212-31x202210k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL 
 OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 

In connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Atanas H. Atanasov, Chief Financial Officer of HF Sinclair Corporation (the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 28, 2023 s Atanas H. Atanasov Atanas H. Atanasov Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 dino-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 dino-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 dino-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 dino-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 dino-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

