<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_933136_0000933136-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16688786</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>377074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2509890</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6627372</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3489851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3357169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000933136-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216160736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000933136-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mr. Cooper Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				911653725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14667
		FILM NUMBER:		23638582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD.
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2146874958

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD.
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WMIH CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WMI HOLDINGS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120320

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000933136-23-000009.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 coop-20221231.htm
 10-K

coop-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of February 9, 2023 was . 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registran t was based on the closing sales price of 36.74 a s repo rted on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 32 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 107 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 107 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 107 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 Signatures 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by Item 1A. Risk Factors and the section within Item 1, captioned Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report and other cautionary statements are set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc., including our consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, Mr. Cooper, the Company, we, us or our ), is t he largest n on-bank servicer of residential mortgage loans in the U.S. according to the latest publications from Inside Mortgage Finance as of the third quarter of 2022 , and a major mortgage originator. We also provide real estate owned REO disposition services through our Xome subsidiary. 
 
 Our success depends on working with residential mortgage borrowers (our customers), government sponsored and private investors, and business partners, to help customers achieve home ownership and manage what is typically their largest and most important financial asset. Investors primarily include government sponsored enterprises GSE such as the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae or FNMA and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp Freddie Mac or FHLMC ), investors in private-label securitizations, the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae or GNMA ), as well as organizations owning mortgage servicing rights MSR ), which engage us to subservice. We are regulated both at the Federal and individual state levels. 
 
 We have provided a glossary of terms, which defines certain industry-specific and other terms that are used herein, in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A , of this Form 10-K. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, we completed the sale of certain assets and liabilities associated with our servicing and subservicing technology platform for performing and non-performing mortgage loans. Refer to Note 3, Dispositions , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 We conduct our operations through two operating segments: Servicing and Originations. 
 
 See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 20, Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, for additional financial information about our segments. 
 
 Servicing 
 As of December 31, 2022, we served 4.1 million customers with an aggregate unpaid principal balance UPB of 870 billion, consisting of 411 billion in owned servicing and 459 billion in subservicing and other. According to the latest publication by Inside Mortgage Finance as of the third quarter of 2022, we were the largest non-bank servicer and third largest residential mortgage servicer in the United States. During 2022, we acquired 346 billion UPB of loans, with 217 billion of UPB related to subservicing. 
 
 We service loans on behalf of investors or owners of the underlying mortgages. Servicing consists of collecting loan payments, remitting principal and interest payments to investors, managing escrow funds for the payment of mortgage-related expenses, such as taxes and insurance, performing loss mitigation activities on behalf of investors and otherwise administering our mortgage loan servicing portfolio. 
 
 Servicing 
 Where we own the right to service loans, we recognize MSR assets in our consolidated financial statements and have elected to mark this portfolio to fair value each quarter. We primarily generate recurring revenue through contractual servicing fees, which include late payment, modification, and other ancillary fees and interest income on custodial deposits. As the MSR owner, we are obligated to make servicing advances to fund scheduled principal, interest, tax and insurance payments when the mortgage loan borrower has failed to make the scheduled payments and to cover foreclosure costs and various other items that are required to preserve the assets being serviced. As the MSR owner, we generally have the right to solicit our customers for refinance opportunities, which are processed through our direct-to-consumer channel in our Originations segment. Additionally, we may be able to modify or refinance loans pursuant to government programs and earn incentive fees or gain-on-sale revenues from redelivering modified loans to existing securitizations. 

Table of Contents 

 Subservicing 
 We service loans on behalf of clients who own the underlying servicing rights. Since we do not own the right to service the loan, we do not recognize an MSR asset in our consolidated financial statements. We primarily generate revenue based upon a stated fee per loan per month that varies based on the loan s delinquency status. As a subservicer, we may be obligated to make servicing advances; however, advances are generally limited, with recoveries typically following within 30 days. Additionally, our exposure to foreclosure-related costs and losses is generally limited in our subservicing relationships as those risks are retained by the owner of the MSR. Capital requirements for subservicing arrangements are substantially lower than for owned MSRs. 
 
 In 2022, we continued to expand our subservicing portfolio, which grew from 371 billion to 459 billion in UPB and accounted for 53 of the total servicing portfolio as of December 31, 2022. We believe the expansion of subservicing operations allows us to leverage the scale of our technology and labor capital to provide cost effective servicing to customers while limiting the use of cash resources, thereby producing a higher return on equity. 
 
 Focus on the Customer 
 We are focused on providing quality service to our customers and building strong, lasting relationships. We have developed a culture of customer advocacy and celebrate and reward our team members for providing excellent service that helps our customers achieve their goal of homeownership and manage what is for many of them their largest financial asset. Additionally, we have invested significantly in technology solutions to improve the customer experience. 
 
 For each loan we service or subservice, we utilize a customer-centric model designed to increase borrower performance and to decrease borrower delinquencies. Keys to this model include frequent borrower interactions and utilization of multiple loss mitigation strategies, particularly in the early stages of default. We train our customer service representatives to find solutions that work for homeowners when circumstances allow. We believe this commitment to continued home ownership helps preserve neighborhoods and home values and improves asset performance for our investors. 
 
 Originations 
 Our Originations segment originates residential mortgage loans and provides refinance opportunities to our existing servicing customers through our direct-to-consumer channel and purchases loans from originators through our correspondent channel. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we launched our non-agency Jumbo loan product. According to the latest publication by Inside Mortgage Finance as of the third quarter of 2022, we were the 16th largest overall mortgage loan originator. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded 28 billion. We generate revenue through gains related to the selling of mortgage loans sourced through our direct-to-consumer and correspondent channels and fees associated with originating loans. We originate and purchase conventional mortgage loans conforming to the underwriting standards of the GSEs. We also originate and purchase government-insured mortgage loans, which are insured by the Federal Housing Administration FHA ), Department of Veterans Affairs VA and U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ). 
 
 We utilize warehouse facilities to fund originated loans. When we sell originated mortgage loans to secondary market investors, we generally retain the servicing rights on mortgage loans sold. The mortgage loans are typically sold within 30 days of origination in order to both mitigate credit risk and minimize the capital required. The majority of our mortgage loans were sold to, or were sold pursuant to, programs sponsored by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. 
 
 In 2022, we completed actions to realign capacity in the Originations segment, consistent with reduced customer demand in a higher mortgage-rate environment. These actions resulted in the elimination of approximately 1,200 positions. 
 
 Direct-to-Consumer Channel 
 We originate loans directly with borrowers through our direct-to-consumer channel. This channel utilizes our call centers, website and mobile apps, specially-trained teams of licensed mortgage originators, predictive analytics and modeling utilizing proprietary data from our servicing portfolio to reach those of our existing 4.1 million servicing customers who may benefit from a new mortgage. Depending on borrower eligibility, we will refinance existing loans into conventional, government or non-agency products. Through lead campaigns and direct marketing, the direct-to-consumer channel seeks to convert leads into loans in a cost-efficient manner. We earn gain-on-sale revenues from securitizing newly-originated loans. 
 
 Our direct-to-consumer channel represented 63 and 48 of our mortgage originations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on funded volume. Pull through adjusted lock volume for this channel was 14.8 billion in 2022 and 36.6 billion in 2021. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 4 

Table of Contents 

 Correspondent Channel 
 We purchase closed mortgage loans from community banks, credit unions, mortgage brokers and independent mortgage bankers. We primarily generate revenue from the receipt of underwriting fees from correspondents earned on a per loan basis, as well as the gain on sale of loans sold into the secondary market. The correspondent channel serves as a cost-effective means of acquiring new customer relationships for our servicing portfolio. 
 
 Our correspondent channel represented 37 and 52 of our mortgage originations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on funded volume. Pull through adjusted lock volume for this channel was 10.1 billion in 2022 and 39.8 billion in 2021. 
 
 Competition 
 Our Servicing segment primarily competes against large financial institutions and non-bank servicers. The subservicing market in which we operate is also highly competitive and we face competition related to subservicing pricing and service delivery. Our competitive position is also dependent on our ability to provide excellent customer service, manage delinquent loans and mitigate investor losses, demonstrate compliance with local, state, federal and investor regulations, and improve technology and processes while controlling our costs. 
 
 Our Originations segment competes based on product offerings, rates, fees and customer service. Many of our competitors consist of large banks or other financial institutions with greater financial resources, more diverse funding sources with lower funding costs, and less reliant on the sale of mortgage loans into the secondary markets to maintain their liquidity. Additionally, newer competitors are reinventing aspects of the mortgage loan industry and capturing profit pools historically collected by existing market participants. 
 
 Our primary competitive strength flows from our ability to market our products to our servicing portfolio customers. We believe our origination capabilities provide a significant advantage compared to other servicers and subservicers. Our Originations segment is highly dependent on our customer relationships. Many smaller and mid-sized financial institutions may find it difficult to compete in the mortgage industry due to the significant market share of the largest competitors, along with the continual need to invest in technology in order to reduce operating costs while maintaining compliance with underwriting standards and regulatory requirements. Our ability to win new clients and maintain existing customers is largely driven by the level of customer service we provide and our ability to comply and adapt to an increasingly complex regulatory environment. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 The residential mortgage industry is highly regulated. We are required to comply with a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which we conduct our servicing, originations and ancillary business and the fees we may charge. These regulations directly impact our business and require constant compliance. 
 
 Cyclicality and Seasonality 
 The U.S. residential real estate industry is seasonal, cyclical and affected by changes in general economic conditions. Industry demand is affected by consumer demand for home loans and the market for buying, selling, financing and/or refinancing residential real estate, which in turn, is affected by the national and global economy, regional trends, property valuations, interest rates, and socio-economic trends by state and federal regulations and programs which may accelerate or slow certain real estate trends. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Over the last few years, we have cultivated a people-first culture, utilizing team member feedback to drive new initiatives. Mr. Cooper had approximately 6,600 employees as of December 31, 2022 across the U.S. and India. 
 
 As a company, Mr. Cooper is grounded in a set of intangible values - being challengers of convention, champions for our customers and cheerleaders for our team. Our most recent engagement survey, which led to our fourth Great Place to Work certification and inclusion on the 2022 Great Place to Work and Fortune Best in Financial Services and Best Workplaces in Texas lists, shows how these intentional efforts are making a difference, with 88 of survey participants having said that Mr. Cooper is a great place to work. 
 
 5 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives: Our success as a business is directly tied to our ongoing efforts to attract and retain diverse talent, promote fairness and equity, and maintain an inclusive and progressive environment where each team member can thrive. We established our internal Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion to serve as a driver and a resource for our team members and the community. The Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion has spearheaded numerous programs and had 12 Employee Resource Teams as of December 31, 2022. In 2022, the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion facilitated more than 60 hours of programming for team members, comprised of speaking engagements, career development workshops, and community service. Our efforts also extended to the community through housing education and outreach, resulting in over 100 million in governmental funding secured to support homeowners in need. 
 
 Talent Management: We invest in attracting, developing and retaining the best talent, and we know that focusing on a holistic experience will continue to be key in our journey from better to best, so we operate an overarching Talent Management function, which combines our Training, Leadership Development and Talent Acquisition teams into one group. Over the past year, we offered our employees 325,000 hours of training across a broad range of categories, including leadership, inclusion, professional skills, and performance management. 
 
 Performance Management and Compensation: We abide by a pay for performance philosophy that links rewards to a team member s performance. Rewards are differentiated, which results in top performers receiving higher rewards, showing team members they are being compensated based on their individual contributions. To ensure our compensation practices are fair and market competitive, we evaluate our pay ranges every year using data from several industry surveys. 
 
 Additional Information 
 To learn more about Mr. Cooper Group Inc., please visit our website at www. mrcoopergroup.com . From time to time, we use our website as a channel of distribution of material Company information. We make our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act available free of charge under the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the reports with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically with the SEC can also be accessed at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors, executive officers and certain significant stockholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics, and charters for the standing committees of our Board of Directors are available on our website. Any information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 6 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, projections, strategies, core initiatives, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are not statements of historical facts. When used in this discussion, the words anticipate, appears, believe, foresee, intend, should, expect, estimate, project, plan, may, could, will, are likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve predictions of our future financial condition, performance, plans and strategies, and are thus dependent on a number of factors including, without limitation, assumptions and data that may be imprecise or incorrect. Specific factors that may impact performance or other predictions of future actions have, in many but not all cases, been identified in connection with specific forward-looking statements. As with any projection or forecast, forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances, and we are under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 A number of important factors exist that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: 
 
 macroeconomic and U.S. residential real estate market conditions; 
 changes in prevailing interest rates and/or changes in home prices; 
 our ability to maintain or grow the size of our servicing portfolio; 
 our ability to maintain or grow our originations volume and profitability; 
 our ability to recapture voluntary prepayments related to our existing servicing portfolio; 
 our shift in the mix of our servicing portfolio to subservicing, which is highly concentrated; 
 delays in our ability to collect or be reimbursed for servicing advances; 
 our ability to obtain sufficient liquidity and capital to operate our business; 
 disruptions in the secondary home loans market; 
 our ability to successfully implement our strategic initiatives and hedging strategies; 
 our ability to realize anticipated benefits of our previous acquisitions; 
 our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes; 
 changes in our business relationships or changes in servicing guidelines with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae; 
 third-party credit, servicer and correspondent risks; 
 our ability to pay down debt; 
 our ability to manage legal and regulatory examinations and enforcement investigations and proceedings, compliance requirements and related costs; 
 health pandemics, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events; 
 our ability to prevent cyber intrusions and mitigate cyber risks; and 
 our ability to maintain our licenses and other regulatory approvals. 
 
 All of these factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and may be beyond our control. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all such factors or to assess the effect of each such factor on our business. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and any of these statements included herein may prove to be inaccurate. Given the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, sections of this report for further information on these and other factors affecting our business. 

7 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors together with all of the other information included in this report, including the financial statements and related notes, when deciding to invest in us. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods and are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Market, Financial Reporting, Credit and Liquidity Risks 
 
 Our revenues in Originations and Servicing are highly dependent on macroeconomic and U.S. residential real estate market conditions. 
 Our earnings may decrease because of changes in prevailing interest rates and/or declines in home prices. 
 We may be unable to obtain sufficient capital to operate our business, and our substantial indebtedness may limit our financial and operating activities and our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. 
 A disruption in the secondary home loan market, including the MBS market, could have a detrimental effect on our business. 
 If our estimates or assumptions in our financial models prove to be incorrect, it may affect our earnings. 
 We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of previous or potential acquisitions and dispositions. 
 Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates. 
 We have third-party credit, servicer and correspondent risks. 
 We may not be able to fully utilize our net operating loss NOL ), the IRS could challenge our NOL carry forwards and changes in legislation could negatively affect our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOL carry forwards. 
 
 Business Operational Risks 
 
 Servicing 
 A significant increase in delinquencies for the loans that we own and service could have a material impact on our revenues, expenses and liquidity and on the valuation of our MSRs. 
 We may not maintain or grow our business if we do not acquire MSRs or enter into favorable subservicing agreements. 
 We service higher risk loans which are more expensive to service than conventional mortgage loans. 
 We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable. 
 Our counterparties may terminate our servicing rights and subservicing contracts. 
 We could have a downgrade in our servicer ratings. 
 
 Originations 
 We may not be able to maintain the volumes in our loan originations business. 
 We may be required to indemnify or repurchase loans we sold, or will sell, if these loans fail to meet certain criteria. 
 We are highly dependent upon loan programs administered by the Agencies to generate revenues. 
 
 Corporate/Other 
 Our REO exchange business could be further impacted by delays in FHA foreclosure sales, as well as economic slowdowns and recessions. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 8 

Table of Contents 

 General Business Operational Risks 
 
 We may not be successful in implementing certain strategic initiatives. 
 Technology failures or cyber-attacks against us or our vendors could damage our business operations, and new laws and regulations could increase our costs. 
 Our capital investments in technology may not achieve anticipated returns. 
 We and our vendors have operations in India that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or by government policies. 
 Our vendor relationships subject us to a variety of risks. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may not be effective. 
 We could have, appear to have or be alleged to have conflicts of interest with Xome. 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to attract, or retain, highly skilled employees and changes in our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. 
 Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 We may have lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of natural catastrophic events and health pandemics. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 We operate within a highly regulated industry on federal, state and local levels. 
 We are subject to numerous legal proceedings, federal, state or local governmental examinations and enforcement investigations. 
 We are subject to state licensing and operational requirements that result in substantial compliance costs. 
 Our business would be adversely affected if we lose our licenses. 
 We may incur increased litigation costs and related losses if a court overturns a foreclosure or if a loan we are servicing becomes subordinate to a Home Owners Association lien. 
 Delays in residential mortgage foreclosure proceedings could have a negative effect on our ability to liquidate loans timely and slow the recovery of advances and thus impact our earnings or liquidity. 
 
 Risks Related to Owning our Stock 
 
 Our common stock is subject to transfer restrictions. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and under Delaware law could limit certain stockholder actions. 
 The market price of our common stock may decrease, resulting in a loss for investors. 
 
 9 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors 
 
 Market, Financial Reporting, Credit and Liquidity Risks 
 
 Our revenues in Originations and Servicing are highly dependent on macroeconomic and U.S. residential real estate market conditions. 
 Our success depends largely on the health of the U.S. residential real estate industry, which is seasonal, cyclical and affected by changes in general economic conditions beyond our control. Economic factors such as increased interest rates, inflation, slow economic growth or recessionary conditions, the pace of home price appreciation or the lack of it, changes in household debt levels, and increased unemployment or stagnant or declining wages affect our customers income and thus their ability and willingness to make loan payments. Further, inflation remains high despite U.S. Federal Reserve continued increases in interest rates to temper inflation, and leading economic indicators are signaling an economic recession on the horizon, which may have an adverse effect on our operations. Additionally, global events affect all such macroeconomic conditions. For example, the U.S. Federal Reserve s interest rate increases have resulted in increased global instability, leading to the largest sovereign drawdowns on record, as foreign central banks have attempted to defend their currencies. Global instability, compounded by the situation in Ukraine, has contributed to high levels of volatility in both equity and fixed-income markets. Weak, or a significant deterioration in economic conditions, reduces the amount of disposable income consumers have, which in turn reduces consumer spending and the willingness of qualified potential customers to take out loans. As a result, such economic factors affect loan origination volume. Additional macroeconomic factors including, but not limited to, rising government debt levels, the withdrawal or augmentation of government interventions into the financial markets, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, changing expectations for inflation and deflation, and weak credit markets may create low consumer confidence in the U.S. economy or the U.S. residential real estate industry. Excessive home building or high foreclosure rates resulting in an oversupply of housing in a particular area may also increase the amount of losses incurred on defaulted mortgage loans. Any or all of the circumstances described above may lead to further volatility in or disruption of the credit markets at any time and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 Any uncertainty or deterioration in market conditions that leads to a decrease in loan originations will result in lower revenue on loans sold into the secondary market. Lower loan origination volumes generally place downward pressure on margins, thus compounding the effect of the deteriorating market conditions. Companies focusing on mortgage originations may experience severe financial distress and this may result in numerous companies exiting the mortgage business or filing bankruptcy. This could cause a contagion effect resulting in the banks which provide us financing lines to reduce the lines or increase financing costs. Such events could be detrimental to our business. Moreover, any deterioration in market conditions that leads to an increase in loan delinquencies will result in lower revenue for loans we service for the GSEs and Ginnie Mae as servicing fees are collected only for current performing loans. While increased delinquencies generate higher ancillary revenues, including late fees, these fees are sometimes unrecoverable if the related loan is liquidated. Increased delinquencies may also increase the cost of servicing the loans for all market participants. The decreased cash flow from lower servicing fees or higher cost to service could decrease the estimated value of our MSRs, resulting in recognition of losses when we write down those values. In addition, an increase in delinquencies lowers the interest income we receive on cash held in collection and increases our obligation to advance certain principal, interest, tax and insurance obligations owed by the delinquent mortgage loan borrower. An increase in delinquencies could therefore be detrimental to our business. 
 
 Our earnings may decrease because of changes in prevailing interest rates and/or declines in home prices. 
 Our profitability is directly impacted by changes in prevailing interest rates. Interest rates have risen further and faster than any time in modern history. The following are certain material risks we face related to changes in interest rates: 
 
 Servicing: 
 
 a decrease in interest rates may increase prepayment speeds which lead to (i) increased amortization expense; (ii) decreased servicing fees; and (iii) decreased fair value of our MSRs; 
 
 an increase in interest rates, together with an increase in monthly payments when an adjustable mortgage loan s interest rate adjusts upward from an initial fixed rate or a low introductory rate, may cause increased delinquency, default and foreclosure. Increased mortgage defaults and foreclosures may adversely affect our business as they increase our expenses and reduce the number of mortgages service fees that are collected. Additionally, payment savings on modifications are directly tied to market interest rates, and increasing interest rates may reduce the number of customers eligible to receive modifications or increase the likelihood of re-default for those who receive a modification. Loan modifications for government insured mortgages are more difficult in a high-rate environment, which may result in higher delinquency levels for loans in Ginnie Mae securities. An increase in interest rates also lowers unhedged early buyout EBO revenues; 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 10 

Table of Contents 

Originations: 
 
 an increase in interest rates could adversely affect our loan originations volume because refinancing an existing loan would be less attractive for homeowners and qualifying for a purchase money loan may be more difficult for consumers; 
 
 an increase in interest rates could also adversely affect our production margins due to increased competition among originators; 
 
 Other: 
 
 an increase in interest rates could adversely affect Xome s REO exchange property sales, particularly non-distressed sales, as financing may become less attractive to borrowers; 
 
 an increase in interest rates could increase the cost of servicing our outstanding debt, including our ability to finance servicing advances and loan originations and for borrowing for acquisitions; and 
 
 a decrease in interest rates could reduce our earnings from our custodial deposit accounts. 
 
 Home prices in many areas of the country have risen dramatically. Forecasters are predicting nationwide home price declines in 2023, with home values deflating significantly, especially in those areas with the highest rates of increase. Falling home prices may result in higher defaults, greater loss severity, increased foreclosures and losses to investors and stakeholders. The decrease in housing values may greatly affect mortgage loan originations for years, with dramatic decreases in volume due in part from borrowers inability to sell or refinance their properties as a result of the lower values. In addition, as investors take losses and liquidity in capital markets evaporates, investors and originators may tighten underwriting criteria and scrutiny of loan production. These events could decrease our revenue from loan originations or loan purchases, and increase our expenses due to repurchases, the resources needed to validate claims, and servicing costs to manage higher defaults and foreclosures. 
 
 Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A disruption in the secondary home loan market, including the MBS market, could have a detrimental effect on our business. 
 Demand in the secondary market and our ability to complete the sale or securitization of our mortgage loans depends on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. This includes general economic conditions, general conditions in the banking system, the willingness of lenders to provide funding for mortgage loans, the willingness of investors to purchase mortgage loans and MBS, and changes in regulatory requirements. In September 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve withdrew from the mortgage securities market and ceased purchasing MBS. Additionally, the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds, often referred to as one of the primary market indicator rates, has increased sharply, and the spread between mortgage rates and 10-year Treasury yield has widened to 2008 financial crisis levels. Customers have little to no rate incentive to refinance and there is minimal demand from buyers of MBS. Any continued significant disruption or period of illiquidity in the general MBS market could directly affect our liquidity because no existing alternative secondary market would likely be able to accommodate on a timely basis the volume of loans that we typically sell in any given period. Accordingly, if the MBS market experiences a period of illiquidity, we may be prevented from selling the loans that we produce into the secondary market in a timely manner or at favorable prices, which could be detrimental to our business. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain sufficient capital to operate our business. 
 Our financing strategy includes the use of significant leverage because, to make servicing advances and fund originations, we require liquidity in excess of the capital generated by our operations. Accordingly, our ability to finance our operations depends on our ability to secure financing on acceptable terms and to renew and/or replace existing financings as they expire. These financings may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Currently, credit default swaps for money center banks are now at levels last seen in late 2012, which could result in reduced availability and less favorable terms for liquidity facilities, especially for the mortgage industry. If we are unable to obtain these financings, we may need to raise the funds we require in the capital markets or through other means, any of which may increase our cost of funds. 
 
 We are generally required to renew a significant portion of our debt financing arrangements each year, which exposes us to refinancing and interest rate risks. Our ability to refinance existing debt and borrow additional funds is affected by a variety of factors including: 
 
 11 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 the available liquidity in the credit markets; 
 
 prevailing interest rates; 
 
 an event of default, a negative ratings action by a rating agency and limitations imposed on us under the indentures governing our current debt that contain restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions that may limit our ability to raise additional debt; 
 
 the strength of the lenders from which we borrow; and 
 
 limitations on borrowings on advance facilities imposed by the amount of eligible collateral pledged, which may be less than the borrowing capacity of the advance facility. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain sufficient capital on acceptable terms for any of the foregoing reasons, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness may limit our financial and operating activities and our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal amount of our unsecured senior notes was 2,700 million. Although we and our subsidiaries have substantial indebtedness, we believe we have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. These agreements generally restrict us and our restricted subsidiaries from incurring additional indebtedness; however, these restrictions are subject to important exceptions and qualifications. If we incur additional debt, the related risks could be magnified and could limit our financial and operating activities. 
 
 Our current and any future indebtedness could: 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our current indebtedness and any indebtedness we may incur in the future, thereby reducing the funds available for other purposes; 
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy and comply with our obligations with respect to the unsecured senior notes; 
 
 subject us to increased sensitivity to increases in prevailing interest rates; 
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with relatively less debt in economic downturns, adverse industry conditions or catastrophic external events; or 
 
 reduce our flexibility in planning for or responding to changing business, industry and economic conditions. 
 
 In addition, our substantial level of indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain financing or additional financing on acceptable terms to fund future acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, and/or general corporate and other purposes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our liquidity needs could vary significantly and may be affected by general economic conditions, industry trends, performance and many other factors outside of our control. Our substantial obligations could have other important consequences. For example, our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, which limit our ability to incur liens, to incur debt and to sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could harm our business or prospects and could result in our bankruptcy. 
 
 We use financial models that rely heavily on estimates in determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, such as MSRs and MSR financing liabilities, and if our estimates or assumptions prove to be incorrect, it may affect our earnings. 
 We use internal financial models that utilize, wherever possible, market participant data to value certain of our assets, including our MSRs and MSR financing liabilities and for purposes of financial reporting. These models are complex and use asset-specific collateral data and market inputs for interest and discount rates. In addition, the modeling requirements of MSRs are complex because of the high number of variables that drive cash flows associated with MSRs. Even if the general accuracy of our valuation models is validated, valuations are highly dependent upon the reasonableness of our assumptions and the predictability of the relationships that drive the results of the models. In determining value for MSRs, we make certain assumptions, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things: 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 12 

Table of Contents 

 the rates of prepayment and repayment within the underlying pools of mortgage loans and our ability to recapture mortgage prepayments through the origination platform; 
 
 projected rates of delinquencies, defaults and liquidations; 
 
 future interest rates; 
 
 cost to service the loans; 
 
 ancillary revenues; and 
 
 amounts of future servicing advances. 
 
 If these assumptions or relationships prove to be inaccurate, if market conditions change or if errors are found in our models, the value of certain assets and liabilities could materially vary, which could impact our ability to satisfy minimum net worth covenants and borrowing conditions in our debt agreements and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of previous or potential acquisitions and dispositions. 
 Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of previous or potential acquisitions, including the acquisition of assets, will depend, in part, on our ability to scale-up to appropriately service these assets and integrate the businesses of the acquired companies with our business. 
 
 The risks associated with acquisitions include, among others: 
 
 unknown or contingent liabilities; 
 
 unanticipated issues in integrating information, management style, controls and procedures, servicing practices, communications and other systems including information technology systems; 
 
 the value of non-cash consideration received and its potential change in value; 
 
 unanticipated incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing and administration methods; 
 
 not retaining key employees or clients; and 
 
 inaccuracy of valuation and/or operating assumptions supporting our purchase price. 
 
 In the event that we acquire a platform, we may elect to operate this platform in addition to our current platform for a period of time or indefinitely. Individually or collectively, these transactions could substantially increase the UPB, or alter the composition of our portfolio of mortgage loans that we service or have an otherwise significant impact on our business. Additionally, we may make potentially significant acquisitions which could expose us to greater risks than we currently experience in servicing our current portfolio and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 13 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The risks associated with disposition include, among other things: 
 
 difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner; 
 
 destabilization of the applicable operations; 
 
 loss of key personnel; 
 
 ability to obtain necessary governmental or regulatory approvals; 
 
 post-disposal disputes and indemnification obligations; 
 
 access by purchasers to certain of our systems and tools during transition periods; 
 
 the migration of data and separation of systems; and 
 
 data privacy matters. 
 
 We can provide no assurances that we will enter into any such agreements or as to the timing of any potential strategic transactions. The strategic transaction process may disrupt our business including diverting management s attention from ongoing business concerns. We also may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of potential future strategic transactions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates. 
 In our Originations segment, we use various derivative financial instruments to provide a level of protection against interest rate risks, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. We also hedge MSRs in the current rate environments. The nature and timing of hedging transactions influence the effectiveness of these strategies. Poorly designed strategies, improperly executed and documented transactions or inaccurate assumptions could increase our risks and losses. In addition, hedging strategies involve transaction and other costs. Our hedging strategies and the derivatives that we use may not be able to adequately offset the risks of interest rate volatility, and our hedging transactions may result in or magnify losses. Furthermore, interest rate derivatives may not be available on favorable terms or at all, particularly during periods of heightened volatility or economic downturns. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have third-party credit, servicer and correspondent risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Consumer Credit Risk: We provide representations and warranties to purchasers and insurers of the loans that we sell that range between three years and the life of the loan. In the event of a breach of these representations and warranties, we may be required to repurchase a mortgage loan or indemnify the purchaser, and any subsequent loss on the mortgage loan may be borne by us. Our loss estimates are affected by factors both internal and external in nature, including, level of loan sales, as well as to whom the loans are sold, the expectation of credit loss on repurchases and indemnifications, our success rate at appealing repurchase demands, our ability to recover any losses from third parties, the overall economic condition in the housing market, the economic condition of borrowers, the political environment at investor agencies and the overall U.S. and world economies. Many of the factors are beyond our control and may lead to judgments that are susceptible to change. In adverse market conditions, loans may decrease in value due to an increase in delinquencies, borrower defaults and non-payments. In addition, property values may experience losses at liquidation due to extensions in foreclosure and REO sales timelines, as well as home price depreciation. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk: We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to various agreements. Although certain credit facilities and warehouse lines are committed, we may experience a disruption in operations due to a lender withholding funds of a borrowing request on the respective credit facility. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 14 

Table of Contents 

 Prior Servicer Risk: We service mortgage loans under guidelines set forth by regulatory agencies and GSEs. Failure to meet stipulations of the servicing guidelines can result in the assessment of fines and loss of reimbursement of loan related advances, expenses, interest and servicing fees. When the servicing of a portfolio is assumed either through purchase of servicing rights or through a subservicing arrangement, various loans in the acquired portfolio may have been previously serviced in a manner that will contribute towards our not meeting certain servicing guidelines. If not recovered from a prior servicer, such events frequently lead to the eventual realization of a loss to us. The recovery process against a prior servicer can be prolonged based upon the time required by us to meet minimum loss deductibles under the indemnification provisions in our agreements with the prior servicer and for the time requirements by the prior servicer to review underlying loss events and our request for indemnification. The amounts ultimately recovered from prior servicers may differ from our estimated recoveries recorded based on the prior servicer s interpretation of responsibility for loss, which could lead to our realization of additional losses. 
 
 Correspondent Risk: We purchase closed loans from correspondent lenders. The failure of these correspondent lenders to comply with any applicable laws, regulations and rules may subject us to monetary penalties or other losses. Although we have controls and procedures designed to assess areas of risk with respect to these acquired loans, including, without limitation, diligence regarding compliance with underwriting guidelines and applicable laws or regulations, we may not detect every violation of law by these correspondent lenders. In an economic downturn, a number of these correspondent lenders may not be financially viable, and any issues with respect to loans purchased from them and sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would transfer any manufacturing defect risk of origination to us. Additionally, we expect occupancy fraud and income fraud in the correspondent channel to increase. As housing prices and interest rates increase, loan terms become less favorable, and affordability becomes more challenging. As a result, borrowers may be more inclined to either inflate their income or misrepresent their occupancy intentions. 
 
 Any of the above could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to fully utilize our NOL and other tax carry forwards. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had U.S. federal NOLs of approximately 7.5 billion, of which approximately 6.0 billion was allocated to the portion of 2012 after the ownership change described below, that, if unused, will begin to expire in 2031. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal NOLs of approximately 0.5 billion, of which 0.3 billion were not subject to limitation under Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Our ability to utilize NOLs and other tax carry forwards to reduce taxable income in future years could be limited for various reasons, including if projected future taxable income is insufficient to recognize the full benefit of such NOL carry forwards prior to their expiration and/or the Internal Revenue Service IRS challenges that a transaction or transactions were concluded with the principal purpose of evasion or avoidance of Federal income tax. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient taxable income in later years to enable us to use the NOLs before they expire, or that the IRS will not challenge the use of all or any portion of the NOLs. Although we have certain transfer restrictions in place under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board could issue additional shares of stock or permit or effect future conversions, amendments or redemptions of our stock, which, depending on their magnitude, could result in ownership changes that would trigger the imposition of additional limitations on the utilization of our NOLs under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. In an attempt to minimize the likelihood of an additional ownership change occurring, our Certificate of Incorporation contains transfer restrictions limiting the acquisition (and disposition) of our stock or any other instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382 by persons or group of persons treated as a single entity under Treasury Regulation Section 1.382-3 owning (actually or constructively), or who would own as a result of the transaction, 4.75 of the total value of our stock (including any other interests treated as stock for purposes of Section 382). Nevertheless, it is possible that we could undergo an ownership change, either by events within or outside of the control of our Board, e.g., indirect changes in the ownership of persons owning 5 of our stock. In the event of a subsequent ownership change, all or part of the NOLs from 2012 and subsequent years that were not previously subject to limitations under Section 382 could also become subject to an annual limitation. Section 384 may also apply in the event of an ownership change resulting from an acquisition, which would limit the utilization of our NOLs to only certain income or gains generated from assets owned subsequent to the acquisition. 
 
 The IRS could challenge the amount, timing and/or use of our NOL carry forwards. 
 The amount of our NOL carry forwards has not been audited or otherwise validated by the IRS. Among other things, the IRS could challenge whether an ownership change occurred with the merger with Nationstar, as well as the amount, the timing and/or our use of our NOLs. Any such challenge, if successful, could significantly limit our ability to utilize a portion or all of our NOL carry forwards. In addition, calculating whether an ownership change has occurred within the meaning of Section 382 is subject to inherent uncertainty, both because of the complexity of applying Section 382 and because of limitations on a publicly traded Company s knowledge as to the ownership of, and transactions in, its securities. Therefore, the calculation of the amount of our utilizable NOL carry forwards could be changed as a result of a successful challenge by the IRS or as a result of new information about the ownership of, and transactions in, our securities. 
 
 15 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Possible changes in legislation could negatively affect our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOL carry forwards. 
 The rules relating to U.S. federal income taxation are periodically under review by persons involved in the legislative and administrative rulemaking processes, by the IRS and by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes, including decreases in the tax rate. Future revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely impact our ability to use some or all of the tax benefits associated with our NOL carry forwards. 
 
 Business Operational Risks 
 
 Servicing 
 A significant increase in delinquencies for the loans that we own and service could have a material impact on our revenues, expenses and liquidity and on the valuation of our MSRs. 
 
 Revenue. An increase in delinquencies will result in lower revenue for loans we service for GSEs and Ginnie Mae as servicing fees are collected only for current performing loans. Additionally, while increased delinquencies generate higher ancillary revenues, including late fees, these fees do not offset the higher cost to service a delinquent loan and are sometimes unrecoverable if the loan is liquidated. In addition, an increase in delinquencies reduces cash held in collections and other accounts and lowers the interest income we receive. 
 
 Expenses. An increase in delinquencies will result in a higher cost to service due to the increased time and effort required to collect payments from delinquent borrowers and an increase in interest expense as a result of an increase in our advancing obligations. 
 
 Liquidity. An increase in delinquencies could also negatively impact our liquidity because of an increase in servicing advances resulting in an increase in borrowings under advance facilities and/or insufficient financing capacity to fund increases in advances. 
 
 Valuation of MSRs. We base the price we pay for MSRs on, among other things, our projections of the cash flows from the related pool of mortgage loans based on market participant assumptions. Expectation of delinquencies is a significant assumption underlying those cash flow projections. If delinquencies were significantly greater than expected, the estimated fair value of our MSRs could be diminished. If the estimated fair value of MSRs is reduced, we would record a loss which would adversely impact our ability to satisfy borrowing conditions in our debt agreements which could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 An increase in delinquency rates could therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain or grow our business if we do not acquire MSRs or enter into additional subservicing agreements on favorable terms. 
 Our servicing portfolio is subject to run off, meaning that mortgage loans serviced by us may be prepaid prior to maturity or repaid through standard amortization of principal. As a result, our ability to maintain the size of our servicing portfolio depends on our ability to acquire the right to service additional pools of residential mortgages, enter into additional subservicing agreements or to retain the servicing rights on newly originated mortgages. We have also shifted the mix of our servicing portfolio to a greater mix of subserviced loans. While we expect this strategy to have longer-term benefits, in the short-term, since subservicing revenues are earned on a fee per loan basis, this shift in our servicing portfolio to subservicing could reduce our revenue and earnings. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our pipeline of subservicing opportunities. 
 
 The Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA could enact more stringent requirements on the GSEs, or other federal or state agencies may enact additional requirements that are more stringent regarding the purchase or sale of MSRs. Additionally, if we do not comply with our seller/servicer obligations, the investors may not consent to approve future transfers of MSRs. 
 
 If we do not acquire MSRs or enter into additional subservicing agreements on terms favorable to us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 16 

Table of Contents 

 Some of the loans we service are higher risk loans, which are more expensive to service than conventional mortgage loans and may lead to liquidity challenges. 
 Some of the mortgage loans we service are higher risk loans, meaning that the loans are to less credit worthy borrowers, delinquent or for properties the value of which has decreased. These loans are more expensive to service because they require more frequent interaction with customers and greater monitoring and oversight. Additionally, in connection with the ongoing mortgage market reform and regulatory developments, servicers of higher risk loans are subject to increased scrutiny by state and federal regulators and will experience higher compliance and regulatory costs, which could result in a further increase in servicing costs. We may not be able to pass along any of the additional expenses we incur in servicing higher risk loans to our servicing clients. The greater cost of servicing higher risk loans, which may be further increased through regulatory reform, consent decrees or enforcement, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have a portfolio of higher risk loans guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. In an adverse economic scenario or a pandemic similar to COVID-19, where defaults rise rapidly and unexpectedly, we may have funding challenges since Ginnie Mae does not allow the separate utilization of advances as a form of collateral, and we may not be able to secure financing for advances on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain these financings, we may need to raise the funds we require in the capital markets or through other means, any of which may increase our cost of funds. Additionally, Ginnie Mae issued new guidelines on early buyouts of reperforming loans which could affect our liquidity. 
 
 As a result of the COVID pandemic, most investors have changed their loss mitigation program procedures and requirements. New program interpretation, implementation, and testing are time intensive and are subject to operational risk. While we have extensive validation in place to ensure timeliness and accuracy of these updated loss mitigation programs, the multitude of changes and differences in programs announced by each investor creates risk of error. The risk subjects us to loss indemnification requirements. 
 
 We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable in certain circumstances. 
 During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, we are required under most of our servicing agreements to advance our own funds to meet contractual principal and interest remittance requirements for investors, pay property taxes and insurance premiums, legal expenses and other protective advances. We also advance funds to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors. As home values change, we may have to reconsider certain of the assumptions underlying our decisions to make advances, and in certain situations our contractual obligations may require us to make certain advances for which we may not be reimbursed. In addition, when a mortgage loan serviced by us defaults or becomes delinquent, the repayment to us of the advance may be delayed until the mortgage loan is repaid or refinanced or liquidation occurs. Market disruptions such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the response by the CARES Act and the GSEs, through which a temporary period of forbearance is being offered for customers unable to pay on certain mortgage loans may also increase the number of defaults, delinquencies or forbearances related to the loans we service, increasing the advances we make for such loans. 
 
 We have sold to a joint venture capitalized by certain entities formed and managed by New Residential Investment Corp. New Residential and certain third-party investors the rights to mortgage servicing rights and servicer advances related to certain loan pools. In connection with these transactions, New Residential purchased the equity of wholly owned special purpose subsidiaries of Mr. Cooper Group that issued limited recourse funding to finance the advances. We continue to service these loans. In the event that New Residential receives requests for advances in excess of amounts that they or their co-investors are willing or able to fund, we are obligated to fund these advance requests. Since we have transferred the related advance facilities to New Residential, we may have to obtain other sources of financing which may not be available. Our inability to fund these advances could result in a termination event under the applicable servicing agreement, an event of default under the advance facilities and a breach of our purchase agreement with New Residential. Our inability to fund these advance requests could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our counterparties may terminate our servicing rights and subservicing contracts. 
 The owners of the loans we service and the primary servicers of the loans we subservice may, under certain circumstances, terminate our MSRs or subservicing contracts, respectively. 
 
 Agency Servicing : We are party to seller/servicer agreements and/or subject to guidelines and regulations (collectively, seller/servicer obligations) with both of the GSEs, FHA and Ginnie Mae. As is standard in the industry, under the terms of these seller/servicer agreements, the agencies have the right to terminate us as servicer of the loans we service on their behalf at any time and also have the right to cause us to sell the MSRs to a third party. 
 
 17 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to minimum financial eligibility requirements established by the Agencies. These minimum financial requirements, include net worth, capital ratio and/or liquidity criteria in order to set a minimum level of capital needed to adequately absorb potential losses and a minimum amount of liquidly needed to service Agency mortgage loans and MBS and cover the associated financial obligations and risks. To meet these minimum financial requirements, we are required to maintain cash and cash equivalents in amounts that could impede us from growing our business and place us at a competitive disadvantage in relation to federally chartered banks and certain other financial institutions. These seller/servicer obligations include financial covenants that include capital requirements related to tangible net worth. On August 17, 2022, the FHFA and Ginnie Mae announced updated minimum financial eligibility requirements for GSE seller/servicers and Ginnie Mae issuers. The updated minimum financial eligibility requirements modify the definitions of tangible net worth and eligible liquidity, modify their minimum standard measurement and include a new risk-based capital ratio, among other changes. The majority of the updated requirements will become effective on September 30, 2023. On October 21, 2022, Ginnie Mae extended the compliance date for its risk-based capital requirements to December 31, 2024. Although we believe that we will be in compliance with these updated requirements, to the extent that these capital and liquidity requirements are not met, the applicable agency may suspend or terminate these agreements, which would prohibit us from further servicing these specific types of mortgage loans or being an approved servicer. If we are unable to meet these capital and liquidity requirements, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Subservicing : Our subservicing portfolio is highly concentrated with a small number of parties who may elect to transfer their subservicing relationship to other counterparties or may go out of business. As of December 31, 2022, 88 of our subservicing portfolio is with seven counterparties. Under our subservicing contracts, the primary servicers for which we conduct subservicing activities have the right to terminate our subservicing contracts with or without cause, with limited notice and with no termination fee upon a change of control. Entering into additional subservicing contracts will expose us to similar risks with new counterparties. 
 
 If our servicing rights or subservicing contracts are terminated on a material portion of our servicing portfolio, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We could have a downgrade in our servicer ratings. 
 Standard Poor s and Fitch rate us as a residential loan servicer. Favorable ratings from these agencies are important to the conduct of our loan servicing business. Downgrades in servicer ratings could: 
 
 adversely affect our ability to finance servicing advances and maintain our status as an approved servicer by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, and other investors; 
 
 lead to the early termination of existing advance facilities and affect the terms and availability of advance facilities that we may seek in the future; 
 
 cause our termination as servicer in our servicing agreements that require that we maintain specified servicer ratings; and 
 
 further impair our ability to consummate future servicing transactions. 
 
 Any of the above could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 18 

Table of Contents 

 Originations 
 We may not be able to maintain the volumes in our loan originations business, which would adversely affect our ability to replenish our servicing business. 
 The volume of loans funded within our loan originations business is subject to multiple factors, including changes in interest rates and availability of government programs. Volume in our originations business is based on the refinancing of existing mortgage loans that we service, which is highly dependent on interest rates and other macroeconomic factors, and originations through our Correspondent channel. Our loan origination volume may decline if interest rates increase, if government programs terminate and are not replaced with similar programs or if we cannot replace this volume with other loan origination channels such as Correspondent, new customer acquisitions or purchase money loans. Any such slowdown may materially decrease the number and volume of mortgages we originate. As interest rates have rapidly risen, our refinancing volumes have significantly decreased as fewer consumers are incentivized to refinance their mortgages. As a result, our Originations revenues have decreased substantially. In addition, consumers are increasingly completing the mortgage process using online and/or digital tools. The proliferation of these tools and their ease of use may present challenges in retaining and attracting new loan applicants if we are unable to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services as quickly as competitors or be successful in marketing these products and services to consumers. Additionally, newer market participants, often called disruptors, are reinventing aspects of the mortgage loan industry and capturing profit pools historically collected by existing market participants. As a result, the lending industry could become even more competitive if new market participants are successful in capturing market share from existing market participants such as ourselves. If we are unable to maintain our loan originations volume, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be required to indemnify or repurchase loans we sold, or will sell, if these loans fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances . 
 The indentures governing our securitized pools of loans and our contracts with purchasers of our whole loans contain provisions that require us to indemnify or repurchase the related loans under certain circumstances. While our contracts vary, they contain provisions that require us to repurchase loans if: 
 
 our representations and warranties concerning loan quality and loan circumstances are inaccurate, including representations concerning the licensing of a mortgage broker; 
 
 we fail to secure adequate mortgage insurance within a certain period after closing; 
 
 a mortgage insurance provider denies coverage; 
 
 we fail to comply, at the individual loan level or otherwise, with regulatory requirements in the current dynamic regulatory environment; or 
 
 the borrower fails to make certain initial loan payments due to the purchaser, or terminates employment between the time validation is performed and the time the loan funds. 
 
 We are subject to repurchase claims and may continue to receive claims in the future. If we are required to indemnify or repurchase loans that we originate or have previously originated and sell or securitize that result in losses that exceed our reserve, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon loan programs administered by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, the Federal Housing Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the US Department of Agriculture and Ginnie Mae (collectively, the Agencies to generate revenues through mortgage loan sales to institutional investors. 
 There are various proposals which deal with GSE reform, including winding down the GSEs and reducing or eliminating over time the role of the GSEs in guaranteeing mortgages and providing funding for mortgage loans, as well as proposals to implement reforms relating to borrowers, lenders and investors in the mortgage market, including reducing the maximum size of loans that the GSEs can guarantee, phasing in a minimum down payment requirement for borrowers, improving underwriting standards and increasing accountability and transparency in the securitization process. In September 2019, the Trump Administration s Treasury Department released its report on mortgage finance reform that commits to move the GSEs out of conservatorship and shrink their role and that of any possible additional chartered guarantors in the overall housing finance market. The Biden Administration has replaced the director of the FHFA, is rolling back GSE reforms and is expected to reverse the Trump Administration s plans to end the conservatorship of the GSEs. Thus, the long-term future of the GSEs is still uncertain. 
 
 19 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to generate revenues through mortgage loan sales to institutional investors depends to a significant degree on programs administered by the Agencies that facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market. These Agencies play a critical role in the residential mortgage industry, and we have significant business relationships with many of them. Almost all of the conforming loans we originate qualify under existing standards for inclusion in guaranteed mortgage securities backed by one of these Agencies. We also derive other material financial benefits from these relationships, including the assumption of credit risk on loans included in such mortgage securities in exchange for our payment of guarantee fees and the ability to avoid certain loan inventory finance costs through streamlined loan funding and sale procedures. If it is not possible for us to complete the sale or securitization of certain of our mortgage loans due to changes in Agency programs, we may lack liquidity under our mortgage financing facilities to continue to fund mortgage loans, and our revenues and margins on new loan originations would be materially and negatively impacted. 
 
 Our GNMA loan portfolio may experience higher default risk as these loans typically have high Loan to Value Ratios (LTV). In case of default, we may not recover all servicing expenses and experience losses due to limited collateral value. The loss can be higher if there is any structural damage to the property due to natural disasters such as floods, fire, hurricanes and other environmental factors from climate change. A requirement of FHA is to convey property in habitable condition, and damage from natural hazards may require us to repair properties to conveyable condition. Our loan originations business may not be able to sell these loans, and we may not recover all our capital which leads to higher losses. Additionally, we may not be able to recover all expenses related to damage caused by water and wind. Inflationary pressures may limit a borrower s disposable income which may lead to additional incumbrances on title, impeding our foreclosure efforts. Our REO portfolio from foreclosed government loans, may experience higher losses due to declines in market value and extended sale timelines. This may occur due to multiple factors beyond our control, such as higher interest rates, which would limit a potential buyer s capacity to purchase, inflationary pressure limiting surplus cash or economic deterioration of local neighborhoods where properties are located. Our servicing business may experience higher advance requirements, increasing our interest expense cost from credit lines. 
 
 We are largely reliant on Agency MBS issuances to sell the loans that we originate. In recent years, the Agencies have instituted periodic limits on products such as investor properties, second homes, and products with multiple risk characteristics such as borrowers with below average credit scores and high LTV. If these periodic limits for purchasing these loans become permanent, we must find other investors for loans within our pipeline, which may be at a material discount to the expected pricing. 
 
 Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the operation of these Agencies or any significant adverse change in the level of activity in the secondary mortgage market or the underwriting criteria of these Agencies could materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Corporate/Other 
 Our REO exchange business could be further impacted by delays in FHA foreclosure sales, as well as economic slowdowns and recessions. 
 The foreclosure moratoriums instituted during the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted and are continuing to impact our REO exchange business. The Exchange business consists of the Xome.com auction platform that provides efficient execution for sales of foreclosed properties. States, agencies and regulators have previously issued forbearance programs and placed a moratorium on foreclosures and evictions. Many of the measures have been lifted; however, there has been a delay in the selling of FHA foreclosed properties, which adversely impacts our REO exchange revenues. A continued economic slowdown, recession, or declining consumer confidence in the economy could have a material adverse effect on values of residential real estate properties. The volume of residential real estate transactions is highly variable which is primarily affected by the average price of real estate sales, the availability of funds to finance purchases, mortgage interest rates, consumer confidence in the economy and general economic factors affecting the real estate markets. A decline in real estate transactions could materially and adversely affect our REO exchange business. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 20 

Table of Contents 

 General Business Operational Risks 
 
 We may not be successful in implementing certain strategic initiatives. 
 Certain strategic initiatives, which are designed to improve our results of operations and drive long-term stockholder value, include: 
 
 Strengthen our balance sheet by building capital and liquidity, and managing interest rate and other forms of risk; 
 Improve efficiency by driving continuous improvement in unit costs for Servicing and Originations segments, as well as by taking corporate actions to eliminate costs throughout the organization; 
 Grow our servicing portfolio to 1 trillion in UPB by acquiring new customers and retaining existing customers; 
 Achieve and sustain a refinance recapture rate of 60 ; 
 Delight our customers and keep Mr. Cooper a great place for our team members to work; 
 Reinvent the customer experience by acting as the customer s advocate and by harnessing technology to deliver digital solutions that are personalized and friction-less; 
 Sustain the talent of our people and the culture of our organization; and 
 Maintain strong relationships with agencies, investors, regulators, and other counterparties and a strong reputation for compliance and customer service. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives, that we will be able to realize all of the projected benefits of our plans or that we will be able to compete successfully in new markets and our efforts may be more expensive and time consuming than we expect, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Technology failures or cyber-attacks against us or our vendors could damage our business operations, and new laws and regulations could increase our costs. 
 The business industry as a whole is characterized by rapidly changing technologies, system disruptions and failures caused by fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, system misuse, unauthorized intrusion (cyber-attack), computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters, health pandemics and other similar events that may interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our borrowers. As a part of conducting business, we receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information and other user data. Additionally, Xome is highly dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store sensitive electronic information. Cybersecurity risks for the financial services industry have increased significantly in recent years due to new technologies, the reliance on technology to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication of organized crime and hackers. Those parties also may attempt to misrepresent personal or financial information to obtain loans or other financial products from us or attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose confidential information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. Additionally, cyberattacks on financial institutions are increasingly becoming a tactical risk of modern warfare. Cyberattacks performed as an act of war are typically excluded from insurance coverage and could result in material financial loss to the organization with limited recourse from insurance providers. We and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by attackers to gain unauthorized access to our networks, systems, and data, or to obtain, change, or destroy confidential data (including personal identifying information of individuals) through a variety of means, including computer viruses, malware, phishing, ransomware and other attack vectors. These attacks may result in unauthorized individuals obtaining access to our confidential information or that of our customers, or otherwise accessing, damaging, or disrupting our systems or infrastructure. In addition, to access our products and services, including our Home Intelligence app, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablet PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations could also be sources of operational risk and information security risk to us, including from cyber-attacks, information breaches or loss, breakdowns, disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. Security breaches, acts of vandalism and developments in computer intrusion capabilities could cause our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities to fail to operate properly or become disabled and could result in a compromise or breach of the technology that we or our vendors use to protect our borrowers personal information and transaction data. 
 
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all internal and external security breaches, especially because the techniques used change frequently, are becoming more sophisticated and are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. This is especially applicable in the shift to having most of our team members work in a home-centric environment, as our team members access our secure networks through their home networks. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our reliance on telecommunication technologies (including mobile devices), the internet and use of web-based product offerings. 
 21 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

While we have implemented policies and procedures designed to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, there can be no assurance that any such cyber intrusions, whether external or internal, will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our or our vendors systems or a defect in the integrity of our or our vendors systems or cybersecurity could cause serious negative consequences for our business, including significant disruption of our operations, misappropriation of our confidential information or that of our customers, or damage to our computers or operating systems and to those of our customers and counterparties. Any of the foregoing events could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure and harm to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions with stringent data privacy laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 which went into effect in January 2020, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, which went into effect in January 2023 (collectively, the Privacy Acts ), provides data privacy rights for consumers and operational requirements for us. The Privacy Acts include a statutory damages framework and private rights of action against businesses that fail to comply with certain Privacy Acts terms or implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. Several other states, including Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, have enacted or are considering similar legislation. Additionally, while we have obtained insurance to cover us against certain cybersecurity risks and information theft, there can be no guarantee that all losses will be covered or that the insurance limits will be sufficient to cover such losses. 
 
 In addition, increasing attention is being paid by the media, regulators and legislators to matters relating to cybersecurity, and regulators and legislators may enact laws or regulations regarding cybersecurity. For example, the New York Department of Financial Services has adopted regulations that are far-ranging in scope, including not only specific technical safeguards but also requirements regarding governance, incident planning, data management and system testing. New laws and regulations could result in significant compliance costs, which may adversely affect our cash flows and net income. 
 
 Our capital investments in technology may not achieve anticipated returns. 
 Our business is becoming increasingly reliant on technology investments, and the returns on these investments are less predictable. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to support our originations and servicing offerings by implementing improvements to our customer-facing technology and evolving our information processes and computer systems to run our business more efficiently and remain competitive and relevant to our customers. Additionally, we have sold certain intellectual property rights related to our proprietary, cloud-based technology platform for mortgage servicing and received an equity stake in the buyer. These technology initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. Failing to make the best investments or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We and our vendors have operations in India that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or by government policies. 
 We currently have operations located in India, which is subject to relatively higher degrees of political and social instability and may lack the infrastructure to withstand political unrest or natural disasters. The political or regulatory climate in the United States, or elsewhere, also could change so that it would not be lawful or practical for us to use international operations in the manner in which we currently use them. If we or our vendors had to curtail or cease operations in these countries and transfer some or all of these operations to another geographic area, we would incur significant transition costs as well as higher future overhead costs that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ). Any violations of the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws by us, our subsidiaries or our local agents could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation and result in substantial financial penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our vendor relationships subject us to a variety of risks. 
 We have significant vendors that, among other things, provide us with financial, technology and other services to support our businesses. With respect to vendors engaged to perform activities required by the applicable servicing criteria, we assess compliance with the applicable servicing criteria for the applicable vendor (or in certain cases require vendors to provide their own assessments and attestations) and are required to have procedures in place to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with servicing criteria applicable to the vendor. In the event that a vendor s activities do not comply with the servicing criteria, it could negatively impact our servicing agreements. Additionally, key vendors may misuse our data which could expose our customers to unauthorized transactions or other potential adverse events, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. In addition, if our current vendors were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, including as a result of one or more vendor bankruptcies, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. Further, we may incur significant costs to resolve any such disruptions in service and this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We could have, appear to have or be alleged to have conflicts of interest with Xome. 
 Xome provides services to us which could create, appear to create or be alleged to create conflicts of interest. By obtaining services from a subsidiary, there is risk of possible claims of collusion or claims that such services are not provided by Xome upon market terms. We have adopted policies, procedures and practices that are designed to identify and address conflicts of interest. In addition, we undertake practices to identify and deal with potential conflicts. Further, we have engaged an independent third party to conduct a pricing study in an attempt to ensure that the fees charged are customary and reasonable. However, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in eliminating all conflicts of interest or that third parties will refrain from making such allegations. Appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of counterparties to enter into transactions with us may be affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. 
 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may not be effective. 
 Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market and interest rate risk, liquidity risk, cyber risk, regulatory, legal and reputational risk. Although we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future, these policies and procedures, as well as our risk management techniques such as our hedging strategies, may not be fully effective. There may also be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. As regulations and markets in which we operate continue to evolve, our risk management framework may not always keep sufficient pace with those changes. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to attract, or retain, highly skilled employees and changes in our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees are large banks who have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. In addition, we invest significant time and expense in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. We may not be able to attract, develop and maintain an adequate skilled workforce necessary to operate our businesses and labor expenses may increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain such personnel, we may not be able to take advantage of acquisitions and other growth opportunities that may be presented to us and this could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In 2022, we had staffing reductions of approximately 1,400 team members, including 1,200 team members in our Originations segment. We may be exposed to unanticipated consequences of our staffing reductions, including attrition beyond the planned reductions, increased difficulties in our day-to-day operations, including a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or efficiency, reduced employee morale and reduced ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Employees who were not affected by our planned staffing reductions may seek alternate employment, which may harm our productivity. 
 
 Additionally, the experience of our executive management team is a valuable asset to us. Our executive management team has significant experience in the residential loan originations and servicing industry and would be difficult to replace. Disruptions in management continuity could result in operational or administrative inefficiencies and added costs, which could adversely impact our results of operations and stock price, and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult or costly. 
 23 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending and debt collection practices, technology failures, corporate governance, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can also result from media coverage, whether accurate or not. Additionally, the proliferation of social media websites as well as the personal use of social media by our employees and others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our employees interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, trading counterparties and employees and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. 
 
 Lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect our operations, profitability or reputation . 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not be effective in every circumstance. Similarly, we may experience a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting. Any lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to spend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies, expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, health pandemics and other natural catastrophic events. 
 Earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, health pandemics, such as COVID-19, and similar events could have a material adverse effect on the macro economy and affect our loan servicing costs, increase our servicing advances, increase servicing defaults and negatively affect the value of our MSRs. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 We operate within a highly regulated industry on federal, state and local levels and our business results are significantly impacted by the laws and regulations to which we are subject, as well as scrutiny from governmental or regulatory agencies. 
 As a national mortgage services firm, we are subject to extensive, complex and comprehensive regulation under federal, state and local laws in the United States, as well as governmental scrutiny from regulators and law enforcement agencies. These laws, regulations and governmental inquiries can significantly affect the way that we do business, can restrict the scope of our existing businesses, limit our ability to expand our product offerings or to pursue acquisitions, or can make our costs to service or originate loans higher, which could impact our financial results. 
 
 Federal, state and local governments have proposed or enacted numerous laws, regulations and rules related to mortgage loans. Due to the highly regulated nature of the residential mortgage industry, we are required to comply with a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which we conduct our servicing, originations and ancillary business and the fees we may charge. These regulations directly impact our business and require constant compliance, which includes enhancing our compliance program, procedures and controls, monitoring and internal and external audits. A failure in maintaining an effective compliance program or a material failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could subject us to lawsuits or governmental actions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there continue to be changes in legislation and licensing, which require technology changes and additional implementation costs for loan originators and new state and federal privacy legislation could impact mortgage operations, marketing, and data governance. We expect legislative changes will continue in the foreseeable future, which may increase our operating expenses. For example, on December 30, 2022 the state of New York signed into law a new measure which limits the time a servicer has to foreclose on a customer without losing rights to the underlying property. The law has not yet had sufficient time to be tested or challenged, but could subject the company to direct credit losses on VA loans and substantial losses for investors in properties in New York which could increase the potential of losses to the company. Furthermore, there continue to be changes in state laws that are adverse to mortgage servicers that increase costs and operational complexity of our business and impose significant penalties for violation. Any of these changes in law could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 24 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements that the CFPB or other federal or state agencies, including HUD and the FCC, could require changes in our business, result in increased compliance and operational costs and impair the profitability of such business. For example, Regulation C of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA requires us to collect and report certain mortgage data for every loan application. These requirements for gathering and submitting large amounts of data regarding loan applications to regulators and the public are complex. Thus, any inadvertent errors in our gathering or reporting the data could result in fines or penalties being levied by the CFPB or other regulators against us. In addition, the authority of state attorneys general to bring actions to enforce federal consumer protection legislation, as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank Act ), could be expanded and we could be subject to additional state lawsuits and enforcement actions, thereby further increasing our legal and compliance costs. The cumulative effect of these changes could result in a material impact on our earnings. The implementation of the originations and servicing rules by the CFPB and the CFPB s continuing examinations of our business, which we expect to increase and intensify under new CFPB leadership, could increase our regulatory compliance burden and associated costs and place restrictions on our operations, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our sub-servicing of loans for federally regulated depositories creates indirect regulatory risk with the OCC, FDIC, and the U.S. Federal Reserve. Recent enforcement actions by these regulators over competitors in the mortgage servicing business increases our risks with both the CFPB and indirectly through our subservicing business partners. 
 
 We could be subject to additional regulatory requirements or changes under the Dodd-Frank Act beyond those currently proposed, adopted or contemplated. There also continues to be discussion of potential GSE reform which would likely affect markets for mortgages and mortgage securities in ways that cannot be predicted. In addition, FHFA initiatives may be implemented by the GSEs that could materially affect the market for conventional and/or government insured loans. 
 
 Individual states have also been active, as have other regulatory organizations such as the Multi-State Mortgage Committee, as well as various state Attorneys General. We also believe there has been a shift among certain regulators towards a broader view of the scope of regulatory oversight responsibilities with respect to mortgage originators and servicers. In addition to their traditional focus on consumer protection laws, licensing and examination matters, certain regulators have begun to make observations, recommendations or demands with respect to such areas as corporate governance, low-to-moderate income lending requirements, safety and soundness, and risk and compliance management. 
 
 Certain regulators took steps to block the acquisition of MSRs by one of our competitors. It is possible that we could become subject to similar actions with respect to our acquisition of MSRs or other key business operations such as entering into subservicing contracts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The influx of new laws, regulations, and other directives adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic exemplifies the ever-changing and increasingly complex regulatory landscape we operate in. While some regulatory reactions to COVID-19 may have relaxed certain compliance obligations (e.g., relaxing work location requirements for loan personnel working remotely during COVID-19 emergency declarations) the forbearance requirements imposed on mortgages servicers in the CARES Act added new regulatory responsibilities. While some regulators have granted permanent ability to work away from a licensed location, those that have not may determine that prior leniency surrounding work locations may no longer apply. The GSEs and the FHFA, Ginnie Mae, HUD, various investors and others have also issued guidance relating to COVID-19. We have received, and may continue to receive, inquiries from various federal and state lawmakers, attorneys general and regulators seeking information on our COVID-19 response and its impact on our business, team members, and clients. Future regulatory scrutiny and enforcement resulting from COVID-19 is unknown. 
 
 Additionally, the CFPB iteratively adopted rules over the course of several years regarding mortgage servicing practices that required us to make modifications and enhancements to our mortgage servicing processes and systems. While the CFPB announced its flexible supervisory and enforcement approach during the COVID-19 pandemic on certain consumer communications required by the mortgage servicing rules, managing to the CFPB's loss mitigation rules with CARES Act forbearance requests is challenging. If we are unable to comply with, or face allegations that we are in breach of, applicable laws, regulations or other requirements, we may face regulatory action, including fines, penalties, and restrictions on our business. In addition, we could face increased litigation, including class action lawsuits, and reputational damage. 
 
 25 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to numerous legal proceedings, federal, state or local governmental examinations and enforcement investigations. Some of these matters are highly complex and slow to develop, and results are difficult to predict or estimate. 
 Legal Proceedings : We are routinely and currently involved in a significant number of legal proceedings concerning matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There is no assurance that the number of legal proceedings will not increase in the future, including certified class or mass actions. These legal proceedings range from actions involving a single plaintiff to putative class action lawsuits. These actions and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of consumer protection, securities, employment, contract, tort, common law fraud and numerous other laws, including, but not limited to, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, National Housing Act, Homeowners Protection Act, Servicemember s Civil Relief Act, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, Truth in Lending Act, Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in violation of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Bankruptcy Code, False Claims Act, the CARES Act and Making Home Affordable loan modification programs (while MHA programs have ended, claims may continue to arise). Additionally, along with others in our industry, we are subject to repurchase and indemnification claims and may continue to receive claims in the future, regarding alleged breaches of representations and warranties relating to the sale of mortgage loans, the placement of mortgage loans into securitization trusts or the servicing of mortgage loan securitizations. We are also subject to legal actions or proceedings related to loss sharing and indemnification provisions of our various acquisitions. Additionally, third parties may assert claims against us that our content, website processes or software applications infringe their intellectual property rights. Certain of the pending or threatened legal proceedings include claims for substantial compensatory, punitive and/or, statutory damages or claims for an indeterminate amount of damages. 
 
 In 2022, we had staffing reductions of approximately 1,400 team members, including 1,200 team members in our Originations segment. These reductions could create an additional risk of claims being made on behalf of affected employees. Any alleged violation of applicable wage laws or other labor-or employment-related laws could result in complaints by current or former employees, adverse media coverage, investigations and damages or penalties, which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results and prospects. In addition, responding to any such proceeding may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources, significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 
 Litigation and other proceedings may require that we pay settlement costs, legal fees, damages, including punitive damages, penalties or other charges, or be subject to injunctive relief affecting our business practices, any or all of which could adversely affect our financial results. In particular, ongoing and other legal proceedings brought under federal or state consumer protection statutes may result in a separate fine for each violation of the statute, which, particularly in the case of class action lawsuits, could result in damages substantially in excess of the amounts we earned from the underlying activities and that could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position and results of operations. The costs of responding to the investigations can be substantial. 
 
 Regulatory Matter s: We operate within highly regulated industries on a federal, state and local level. In the normal and ordinary course of our business, we are routinely subject to extensive examinations, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries and reviews by various federal, state and local governmental, regulatory and enforcement agencies, including CFPB, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Justice, the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, various State mortgage banking regulators and various State Attorneys General, related to our residential loan servicing and origination practices, our financial reporting and other aspects of our businesses. For example, in 2020, we resolved certain legacy regulatory matters with the CFPB, the multi-state committee of mortgage banking regulators and various State Attorneys General, and the Executive Office of the United States Trustee, all of which involved findings from examinations and discussions that were completed in 2014 and 2015, and related to certain loan servicing practices which occurred during 2010 through 2015. Several large mortgage originators or servicers have been subject to similar matters, which have resulted in the payment of fines and penalties, changes to business practices and the entry of consent decrees or settlements. The trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other financial institutions, including us. We continue to manage our response to each matter, but it is not possible for us to confidently or reliably predict the outcome of any of them, including predicting any possible losses resulting from any judgments or fines, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent settlements or penalties. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 26 

Table of Contents 

 Responding to these matters requires us to devote substantial legal and regulatory resources, resulting in higher costs and lower net cash flows. Adverse results in any of these matters could further increase our operating expenses and reduce our revenues, require us to change business practices, limit our ability to grow and otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation. To the extent that an examination or other regulatory engagement reveals a failure by us to comply with applicable law, regulation or licensing requirement this could lead to (i) loss of our licenses and approvals to engage in our businesses, (ii) damage to our reputation in the industry and loss of client relationships, (iii) governmental investigations and enforcement actions, (iv) administrative fines and penalties and litigation, (v) civil and criminal liability, including class action lawsuits, and actions to recover incentive and other payments made by governmental entities, (vi) enhanced compliance requirements, (vii) breaches of covenants and representations under our servicing, debt or other agreements, (viii) inability to raise capital and (ix) inability to execute on our business strategy. Any of these occurrences could further increase our operating expenses and reduce our revenues, require us to change business practices and procedures and limit our ability to grow or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Moreover, regulatory changes established under the Dodd-Frank Act, which continue to be expanded, other regulatory changes such as the CFPB having its own examination and enforcement authority and the whistleblower provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and guidance on whistleblowing programs issued by the NYDFS could further increase the number of legal and regulatory enforcement proceedings against us. In addition, while we take numerous steps to prevent and detect employee misconduct, such as fraud, employee misconduct cannot always be deterred or prevented and could subject us to additional liability. 
 
 We establish reserves for pending or threatened legal proceedings when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and our estimates of loss are based on judgments and information available at that time. Our estimates may change from time to time for various reasons, including factual or legal developments in these matters. There cannot be any assurance that the ultimate resolution of our litigation and regulatory matters will not involve losses, which may be material, in excess of our recorded accruals or estimates of reasonably possible losses. 
 
 Unlike competitors that are national banks, we are subject to state licensing and operational requirements that result in substantial compliance costs. 
 Because we are not a depository institution, we do not benefit from a federal exemption to state mortgage banking, loan servicing or debt collection licensing and regulatory requirements. We must comply with state licensing requirements and varying compliance requirements in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and other U.S. territories, and we are sensitive to regulatory changes that may increase our costs through stricter licensing laws, disclosure laws or increased fees or that may impose conditions to licensing that we or our personnel are unable to meet. In addition, we are subject to periodic examinations by state regulators, which can result in refunds to borrowers of certain fees earned by us, and we may be required to pay substantial penalties imposed by state regulators due to compliance errors. Future state legislation and changes in existing regulation may significantly increase our compliance costs or reduce the amount of ancillary revenues, including late fees that we may charge to borrowers. This could make our business cost-prohibitive in the affected state or states and could materially affect our business. 
 
 Our business would be adversely affected if we lose our licenses. 
 Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision and licensing under numerous federal, state and local statutes, ordinances and regulations. In most states in which we operate, a regulatory agency regulates and enforces laws relating to mortgage servicing companies, mortgage originations companies and real estate brokers and auctioneers. These rules and regulations generally provide for licensing as a mortgage servicing Company, mortgage originations Company or third-party debt default specialist, licensed auctioneer, and other similar types of requirements as to the form and content of contracts and other documentation, licensing of our employees and employee hiring background checks, licensing of independent contractors with which we contract, restrictions on certain practices, disclosure and record-keeping requirements and enforcement of borrowers rights. We are subject to periodic examination by state regulatory authorities. 
 
 We believe that we maintain all material licenses and permits required for our current operations and are in substantial compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances. We may not be able to maintain all requisite licenses and permits, and the failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could result in a default under our servicing or other agreements and have a material adverse effect on our operations. The states that currently do not provide extensive regulation of our businesses may later choose to do so, and if such states so act, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all requisite licenses and permits. The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could result in a default under our servicing agreements and have a material adverse effect on our operations. Furthermore, the adoption of additional, or the revision of existing, rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

We may incur increased litigation costs and related losses if a court overturns a foreclosure or if a loan we are servicing becomes subordinate to a Home Owners Association lien. 
 We may incur costs if we are required to, or if we elect to, execute or re-file documents or take other action in our capacity as a servicer in connection with pending or completed foreclosures. In addition, if a court rules that the lien of a Home Owners Association takes priority over the lien we service, we may incur legal liabilities and costs to defend such actions. If a court dismisses or overturns a foreclosure because of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process, we may have liability to the loan owner, a borrower, title insurer or the purchaser of the property sold in foreclosure. These costs and liabilities may not be legally or otherwise reimbursable to us, particularly to the extent they relate to securitized mortgage loans. A significant increase in litigation costs could adversely affect our liquidity, and our inability to be reimbursed for an advance could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Residential mortgage foreclosure proceedings in certain states have been delayed due to lack of judicial resources and legislation, all of which could have a negative effect on our ability to liquidate loans timely and slow the recovery of advances and thus impact our earnings or liquidity. 
 In some states, such as New York, our industry has faced, and may continue to face, increased delays and costs caused by state law and local court rules and processes. In addition, California and Nevada have enacted Homeowner s Bill of Rights legislation to establish complex mandatory loss mitigation practices for homeowners which cause delays in foreclosure proceedings. Delays in foreclosure proceedings could also require us to make additional servicing advances by drawing on our servicing advance facilities, or delay the recovery of advances, all or any of which could materially affect our earnings and liquidity and increase our need for capital. 
 
 Risks Related to Owning our Stock 
 
 Our common stock, and any other instruments treated as stock for purposes of Section 382, is subject to transfer restrictions under our Certificate of Incorporation which, if not complied with, could result in the forfeiture of such stock and related distributions. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation contains significant transfer restrictions in relation to the transfer of our common stock and any other instruments treated as stock for purposes of Section 382. These transfer restrictions have been adopted in order to minimize the likelihood that we will be deemed to have an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 that could limit our ability to utilize our NOLs under and in accordance with regulations promulgated by the IRS. 
 
 In particular, without the approval of our Board, (i) no person or group of persons treated as a single entity under Treasury Regulation Section 1.382-3 will be permitted to acquire, whether directly or indirectly, and whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any of our common stock or any other instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382, to the extent that after giving effect to such purported acquisition (a) the purported acquirer or any other person by reason of the purported acquirer s acquisition would become a Substantial Holder (as defined below), or (b) the percentage stock ownership of a person that, prior to giving effect to the purported acquisition, is already a Substantial Holder would be increased; and (ii) no Substantial Holder may dispose, directly or indirectly, of any class of stock or any other instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382. A Substantial Holder is a person that owns (as determined for purposes of Section 382) at least 4.75 of the total value of our stock, including any instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382. 
 
 Because of the complexity of applying Section 382, and because the determination of ownership for purposes of Section 382 does not correspond to SEC beneficial ownership reporting on Schedules 13D and 13G, holders and potential acquirers of our securities should consult with their legal and tax advisors prior to making any acquisition or disposition of our securities. Pursuant to Article VIII of our Certificate of Incorporation, the Board has the sole power to determine compliance with the transfer restrictions, and we cannot assure you that the Board will concur with any conclusions reached by any holder of our securities or their respective advisors, and/or approve or ratify any proposed acquisitions or dispositions of our securities. Under Article VIII, Section 3(b), of our Certificate of Incorporation, if the Board determines that a Prohibited Transfer (as defined in our Certificate of Incorporation) has occurred, such Prohibited Transfer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be void ab initio and have no legal effect, and upon written demand by us, the Purported Transferee (as defined in our Certificate of Incorporation) shall disgorge or cause to be disgorged our securities, together with any dividends or distributions received, with respect to such securities. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws and under Delaware law, as well as certain existing contractual arrangements, make a third-party acquisition of us difficult. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation, including Article VIII thereof, and Bylaws contain provisions that make it difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be deemed beneficial by our stockholders. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 28 

Table of Contents 

The market price of our common stock may decrease, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock could decrease, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price at which your shares were acquired. Those fluctuations could be based on various factors, including: 
 
 our operating performance and the performance of our competitors and fluctuations in our operating results; 
 
 macro-economic trends, including changes in interest rates and economic growth and unemployment; 
 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 
 changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by research analysts who follow us or other companies in our industry; 
 
 global, national or local economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 
 announcements of negative news by us or our competitors, such as announcements of poorer than expected results of operations, data breaches or significant litigation; 
 
 actual or anticipated variations in our or our competitors operating results, and our or our competitors growth rates; 
 
 failure by us or our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance we or our competitors may give the market; 
 
 changes in laws or regulations, or new interpretations or applications of laws and regulations, that are applicable to our business; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 
 the departure of key personnel; 
 
 the number of shares publicly traded; and 
 
 other developments affecting us, our industry or our competitors. 
 
 In addition, in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may cause declines in the market price of our common stock, and you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We lease and maintain our principal executive office in one building totaling approximately 176,000 square feet in Coppell, Texas. Our business operations and support offices are in leased facilities in various other locations in the United States, as well as locations in India. Our locations in the United States include (i) Texas, which houses our Servicing and Originations segments, (ii) Arizona, Oregon, Florida and Colorado, which house our Servicing segment and (iii) California, which houses our Originations segment. Our India locations include Chennai and Bengaluru, which both support our Servicing and Originations segments. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current requirements and are being appropriately utilized. We periodically review our space requirements, and we believe we will be able to acquire new space and facilities as and when needed on reasonable terms. We also look to consolidate and dispose of facilities we no longer need, as and when appropriate. 

29 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a description of our material legal proceedings, see Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements within Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information and Stockholders 
 Our common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol COOP since October 10, 2018. Prior to October 10, 2018, our common stock traded under the ticker symbol WMIH . 
 
 As of February 9, 2023, there were 1,763 stockholders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we currently do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The timing and amount of any future dividends, if any, will be determined by the Board of Directors and will depend, among other factors, upon our earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, the capital requirements of subsidiaries and investment opportunities at the time any such transaction is considered. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 700 million of our outstanding common stock. In October 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 200 million of our outstanding common stock. The stock repurchase program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at our discretion. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock at a total cost of 54 million under our share repurchase program. The number and average price of shares purchased are set forth in the table below: 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program (in thousands) (d) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program (in millions) (1) 
 October 2022 302 39.75 302 255 November 2022 896 42.43 896 217 December 2022 100 41.84 100 213 Total 1,298 1,298 

Stockholder Return Performance 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return for our common stock, as adjusted for the 1-for-12 reverse stock split that occurred in October 2018, our peer group index, the S P 500 Index and the S P Composite 1500 Financials Index from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. In 2022, we changed from the peer group index to S P Composite 1500 Financials Index to better align the shareholder return performance graph with the index used to evaluate relative Total Shareholder Return performance in our Performance Share Unit Plan. Our peer group index is composed of the following companies: PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., Ocwen Financial Corporation, Flagstar Bancorp, Inc., Rithm Capital Corp (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), and Rocket Companies, Inc. This data assumes an investment of 100 o n December 31, 2017. 
 
 31 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Comparative results for Mr. Cooper (COOP, formerly WMIH) common stock, the S P 500 Index, S P Composite 1500 Financials Index and our peer group index are presented below: 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Mr. Cooper (COOP, formerly WMIH) 100 115 123 305 408 394 S P 500 Index 100 94 121 140 178 144 S P Composite 1500 Financials Index 100 85 109 105 138 121 Peer Group Index (1) 
 100 66 87 133 146 82 
 
 (1) Rocket Companies, Inc. is included in the peer group index for 2020, 2021 and 2022 data only. Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. is included in the peer group Index for the period from December 31, 2017 through November 30, 2022 as its stocks are no longer publicly traded. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto. The following discussion contains, in addition to the historical information, forward-looking statements that include risks and uncertainties (see discussion of Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those factors set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All dollar amounts presented herein are in millions, except per share data and other key metrics, unless otherwise noted. 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 The below presentation discusses the results of the operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading servicer and a major originator of residential mortgage loans. Our purpose is to keep the dream of homeownership alive, and we do this by helping mortgage borrowers (our customers) manage what is typically their largest financial asset, and by helping our investors maximize the returns from their portfolios of residential mortgages. We have a track record of significant growth, having expanded our servicing portfolio UPB from 10 billion in 2009 to 870 billion as of December 31, 2022. We believe this track record reflects our strong operating capabilities, strong loss mitigation skills, a commitment to compliance, a customer-centric culture, a demonstrated ability to retain customers, growing origination capabilities, and significant investment in technology. 
 
 Our strategy to position the Company for continued, sustainable long-term growth includes initiatives to improve profitability and generate a return on tangible equity of 12 or higher. Key strategic initiatives include the following: 
 
 Strengthen our balance sheet by building capital and liquidity, and managing interest rate and other forms of risk; 
 Improve efficiency by driving continuous improvement in unit costs for Servicing and Originations segments, as well as by taking corporate actions to eliminate costs throughout the organization; 
 Grow our servicing portfolio to 1 trillion in UPB by acquiring new customers and retaining existing customers; 
 Achieve and sustain a refinance recapture rate of 60 ; 
 Delight our customers and keep Mr. Cooper a great place for our team members to work; 
 Reinvent the customer experience by acting as the customer s advocate and by harnessing technology to deliver digital solutions that are personalized and friction-less; 
 Sustain the talent of our people and the culture of our organization; and 
 Maintain strong relationships with agencies, investors, regulators, and other counterparties and a strong reputation for compliance and customer service. 
 
 Anticipated Trends 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, our servicing portfolio grew 16 billion to 870 billion, primarily due to MSR acquisitions of 23 billion in UPB, partially offset by runoff of the existing portfolio. For 2023, we expect to generate strong earnings from lower amortization and higher interest income as we anticipate continued increases in the Federal Funds rate and in turn, elevation in mortgage rates. In the fourth quarter of 2022, our Originations segment roughly broke even as we rightsized capacity. For 2023, we expect Originations to operate above break-even although profitability will be constrained by interest rates. 
 
 In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate in response to the significant inflationary pressures, and is expected to further increase interest rates in the near term to combat the growth in inflation. Inflationary pressures may limit a borrower's disposable income, which can decrease customers' ability to enter into mortgage transactions. Inflationary pressures, along with supply chain disruptions, may also increase our operating costs. Historically changes in interest rates have a greater impact on our financial results than sustained inflation. While the increase in interest rates have been greatly influenced by changes in the inflation rate during 2022, interest rate fluctuations have not correlated directly in timing or extent to inflationary pressures. 
 
 33 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Table 1. Consolidated Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenues - operational (1) 
 1,643 2,897 (1,254) Revenues - mark-to-market 821 421 400 Total revenues 2,464 3,318 (854) Total expenses 1,274 1,662 (388) Total other income, net 24 281 (257) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense 1,214 1,937 (723) Less: Income tax expense 291 471 (180) Net income from continuing operations 923 1,466 (543) 
 
 (1) Revenues - operational consists of total revenues, excluding mark-to-market. 
 
 Income from continuing operations before income tax expense decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in total revenues, partially offset by lower total expenses. The decrease in total revenues was primarily attributable to a decline in revenues from our Originations segment due to lower origination volumes driven by higher mortgage rates in 2022. The decrease in total expenses was primarily driven by lower salaries, wages and benefits in our Originations segment due to lower headcount and lower origination volumes in both the direct-to-consumer and correspondent channels. In 2022, we rightsized our business and eliminated approximately 1,400 positions, including 1,200 positions in our Originations segment, due to the rising interest rate environment and declining demand for originations. The change in total other income, net in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to a 223 gain recorded in the first quarter of 2022 upon completion of the Sagent Transaction compared to a 528 gain recorded upon completion of the sale of our title, valuations and field Services businesses in 2021. See further discussions in Note 3, Dispositions, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Segment Results section of the MD A. 
 
 Income tax expense on continuing operations decreased in the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. The effective tax rate for continuing operations for 2022 decreased to 24.0 from 24.3 in 2021, primarily attributable to a decrease in income from continuing operations before income tax expense. 

Segment Results 
 
 Our operations are conducted through two segments: Servicing and Originations. 
 
 The Servicing segment performs operational activities on behalf of investors or owners of the underlying mortgages and mortgage servicing rights, including collecting and disbursing borrower payments, investor reporting, customer service, modifying loans where appropriate to help borrowers stay current, and, when necessary, performing collections, foreclosures, and the sale of REO. 
 
 The Originations segment originates residential mortgage loans through our direct-to-consumer channel, which provides refinance options for our existing customers, and through our correspondent channel, which purchases or originates loans from mortgage bankers. 
 
 Refer to Note 20, Segment Information , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of segment results. 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 34 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing Segment 
 
 The Servicing segment s strategy is to generate income by growing the portfolio and maximizing servicing operating income. We believe several competitive strengths have been critical to our long-term growth as a servicer, including our low-cost servicing and subservicing platform that creates operating leverage, our skill in mitigating losses for investors, our commitment to strong customer service and regulatory compliance, our history of successfully boarding new loans, and the ability to retain existing customers by offering attractive refinance options. We believe that our operational capabilities are reflected in our most recent, servicer ratings, which are reflected below. 
 
 Table 2. Servicer Ratings 
 
 Fitch (1) 
 Moody s (2) 
 S P (3) 
 Rating date August 2022 April 2022 June 2022 Residential RPS2 SQ2- Above Average Master Servicer RMS2+ SQ2+ Above Average Special Servicer RSS2 SQ2- Above Average Subprime Servicer RPS2 SQ2- Above Average 
 
 (1) Fitch Rating Scale of 1 (Highest Performance) to 5 (Low/No Proficiency) 
 (2) Moody s Rating Scale of SQ1 (Strong Ability/Stability) to SQ5 (Weak Ability/Stability) 
 (3) S P Rating Scale of Strong to Weak 
 
 35 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the results of operations for the Servicing segment: 
 Table 3. Servicing Segment Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amt bps (1) 
 Amt bps (1) 
 Amt bps Revenues Operational 1,530 19 1,605 25 (75) (6) Amortization, net of accretion (693) (9) (753) (12) 60 3 Mark-to-market adjustments - Servicing 821 10 421 7 400 3 Total revenues 1,658 20 1,273 20 385 Expenses Salaries, wages and benefits 324 4 271 4 53 General and administrative Servicing support fees 76 1 86 1 (10) Corporate and other general and administrative expenses 125 2 116 2 9 Foreclosure and other liquidation related expenses (recoveries), net 16 (3) 19 Depreciation and amortization 18 32 1 (14) (1) Total general and administrative expenses 235 3 231 4 4 (1) Total expenses 559 7 502 8 57 (1) Other income (expense) Other interest income 208 3 129 2 79 1 Advance interest expense (31) (1) (31) (1) Other interest expense (190) (2) (231) (4) 41 2 Interest expense (221) (3) (262) (4) 41 1 Total other (expenses), net (13) (133) (2) 120 2 Income from continuing operations before income tax expense 1,086 13 638 10 448 3 Weighted average cost - advance and MSR facilities 4.6 2.8 1.8 Weighted average cost - excess spread financing 8.8 9.0 (0.2) 
 
 (1) Calculated basis points bps are as follows: Annual dollar amount/Total average UPB X 10000. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 36 

Table of Contents 

 Table 4. Servicing - Revenues 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amt bps (1) 
 Amt bps (1) 
 Amt bps MSR Operational Revenue Base servicing fees 1,227 15 919 14 308 1 Modification fees (2) 
 13 26 (13) Incentive fees (2) 
 1 (1) Late payment fees (2) 
 59 1 59 1 Other ancillary revenues (2) 
 53 1 625 10 (572) (9) Total MSR operational revenue 1,352 17 1,630 25 (278) (8) Base subservicing fees and other subservicing revenue (2) 
 283 3 254 4 29 (1) Total servicing fee revenue 1,635 20 1,884 29 (249) (9) MSR financing liability costs (19) (24) 5 Excess spread payments and portfolio runoff (86) (1) (255) (4) 169 3 Total operational revenue 1,530 19 1,605 25 (75) (6) Amortization, Net of Accretion MSR amortization (779) (10) (1,008) (16) 229 6 Excess spread accretion 86 1 255 4 (169) (3) Total amortization, net of accretion (693) (9) (753) (12) 60 3 Mark-to-Market Adjustments - Servicing MSR MTM 1,328 17 502 8 826 9 MTM Adjustments (3)(4) 
 (365) (5) (114) (2) (251) (3) Excess spread / financing MTM (142) (2) 33 1 (175) (3) Total MTM adjustments - Servicing 821 10 421 7 400 3 Total revenues - Servicing 1,658 20 1,273 20 385 
 
 (1) Calculated basis points bps are as follows: Annual dollar amount/Total average UPB X 10000. 
 (2) Certain ancillary and other non-base fees related to subservicing operations are separately presented as other subservicing revenues. 
 (3) MTM Adjustments include the impact of negative modeled cash flows which have been transferred to reserves on advances and other receivables. The negative modeled cash flows relate to advances and other receivables associated with inactive and liquidated loans that are no longer part of the MSR portfolio. The impact of negative modeled cash flows was 30 and 35 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) MTM Adjustments also include loss of 332 and 86 from MSR hedging activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Servicing Segment Revenues 
 The following provides the changes in revenues for the Servicing segment: 
 
 Servicing - Operational revenue decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in other ancillary revenue from early-buyouts driven by lower re-delivery volume and a decrease in re-delivery gain on sale margin due to the rapid rise in interest rates in 2022. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in base servicing fees primarily due to a larger servicing UPB portfolio in 2022. 
 
 MSR amortization decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to lower prepayments driven by higher mortgage rates in 2022, partially offset by higher average MSR UPB and higher average MSR fair value. 
 
 The change in MSR MTM and excess spread and financing MTM during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, was primarily due to an increase in mortgage rates in 2022 compared to 2021, which lowered prepayment speeds and resulted in an increased MSR fair value on the overall portfolio. 
 
 Subservicing - Subservicing fees increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in average subservicing loan count. 
 
 37 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing Segment Expenses 
 Total expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily driven by an increase in salaries, wages and benefits and the change in foreclosure and other liquidation related expenses (recoveries), net, partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization. The increase in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to higher headcount-related costs due to growth in our servicing portfolio. The change in foreclosure and other liquidation related expenses (recoveries), net in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily driven by non-recurring trailing expenses associated with the sale of the reverse portfolio in 2021. 
 
 Servicing Segment Other (Expenses), net 
 Total other expenses, net decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher other interest income driven by higher interest income earned on custodial balances attributable to rising interest rates and a decrease in other interest expense due to lower compensating interest expense and excess spread financing. The decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021 was partially offset by higher interest expense from MSR financing and lower interest income earned on lower early-buyout balances in mortgage loans held for sale. 
 
 Table 5. Servicing Portfolio - Unpaid Principal Balances 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average UPB MSRs 383,809 299,483 Subservicing and other (1) 
 425,255 350,365 Total average UPB 809,064 649,848 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 UPB Fair Value bps UPB Fair Value bps MSRs Agency 380,502 6,322 166 302,851 3,859 127 Non-agency 30,880 332 108 36,357 364 100 Total MSRs 411,382 6,654 162 339,208 4,223 124 Subservicing and other (1) 
 Agency 437,491 N/A 353,660 N/A Non-agency 21,562 N/A 16,860 N/A Total subservicing and other 459,053 N/A 370,520 N/A Total ending balance 870,435 6,654 709,728 4,223 MSRs UPB Encumbrance December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 MSRs - unencumbered 327,598 212,472 MSRs - encumbered (2) 
 83,784 126,736 Total MSRs UPB 411,382 339,208 
 
 (1) Subservicing and other includes (i) loans we service for others, (ii) residential mortgage loans originated but have yet to be sold, and (iii) agency REO balances for which we own the mortgage servicing rights. 
 (2) The encumbered MSRs consist of residential mortgage loans included within our excess spread financing transactions and MSR financing liability. The decrease in encumbered MSRs as of December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the fact that in June 2022, we entered into an assignment agreement with an investor to repurchase excess spread liabilities for a total purchase price of 277. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 38 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a rollforward of our MSR and subservicing and other portfolio UPB: 
 Table 6. Servicing and Subservicing and Other Portfolio UPB Rollforward 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 MSR Subservicing and Other Total MSR Subservicing and Other Total Balance - beginning of year 339,208 370,520 709,728 271,189 336,513 607,702 Additions: Originations 27,381 27,381 79,599 4,996 84,595 Acquisitions / Increase in subservicing (1) 
 101,654 216,576 318,230 76,594 170,258 246,852 Deductions: Dispositions (1,085) (76,944) (78,029) (1,226) (16,075) (17,301) Principal reductions and other (16,525) (13,132) (29,657) (11,718) (13,608) (25,326) Voluntary reductions (2) 
 (38,444) (37,754) (76,198) (74,500) (111,457) (185,957) Involuntary reductions (3) 
 (608) (213) (821) (437) (107) (544) Net changes in loans serviced by others (199) (199) (293) (293) Balance - end of year 411,382 459,053 870,435 339,208 370,520 709,728 
 
 (1) Includes transfers to/from Subservicing and other. 
 (2) Voluntary reductions are related to loan payoffs by customers. 
 (3) Involuntary reductions refer to loan chargeoffs. 
 
 The table below summarizes the overall performance of the servicing and subservicing portfolio: 
 Table 7. Key Performance Metrics - Servicing and Subservicing Portfolio (1) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loan count (2) 
 4,149,116 3,561,051 Average loan amount (3) 
 209,284 195,512 Average coupon - agency 3.6 3.6 Average coupon - non-agency 4.5 4.4 60+ delinquent of loans) (4) 
 2.6 3.1 90+ delinquent of loans) (4) 
 2.2 2.8 120+ delinquent of loans) (4) 
 2.0 2.6 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total prepayment speed (12-month constant prepayment rate) 9.6 25.6 
 
 (1) Characteristics and key performance metrics of our servicing portfolio exclude UPB and loan counts acquired but not yet boarded and currently serviced by others. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loan count includes 40,327 and 54,462, respectively, of loans in forbearance related to the CARES Act. 
 (3) Average loan amount is presented in whole dollar amounts. 
 (4) Loan delinquency is based on the current contractual due date of the loan. In the case of a completed loan modification, delinquency is based on the modified due date of the loan. Loan delinquency includes loans in forbearance. 
 
 Delinquency is an assumption in determining the mark-to-market adjustment and is a key indicator of MSR portfolio performance. Delinquent loans contribute to lower MSR values due to higher costs to service and increased carrying costs of advances. Delinquency rates have decreased from 2021 as the COVID-19 pandemic s effect on the macroeconomic environment declines. 
 
 39 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Table 8. MSRs Loan Modifications and Workout Units 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Modifications (1) 
 42,131 67,664 (25,533) Workouts (2) 
 47,559 70,028 (22,469) Total modification and workout units 89,690 137,692 (48,002) 
 
 (1) Modifications consist of agency programs, including forbearance options under the CARES Act, designed to adjust the terms of the loan (e.g., reduced interest rates). 
 (2) Workouts consist of other loss mitigation options designed to assist borrowers and keep them in their homes, but do not adjust the terms of the loan. Workouts exclude loans that did not miss a contractual payment during forbearance related to the CARES Act. 
 
 Total modifications during the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in modifications related to loans impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and rising mortgage rates. Total workouts during the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in customers who were exiting forbearance plans, as there were fewer customers in forbearance. 

Servicing Portfolio and Liabilities 
 
 The following table sets forth the activities of MSRs: 
 Table 9. MSRs - Fair Value Rollforward 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Fair value - beginning of year 4,223 2,703 Additions: Servicing retained from mortgage loans sold 554 1,077 Purchases of servicing rights 1,595 948 Dispositions: Sales of servicing assets (294) (55) Changes in fair value: Due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model (MSR MTM): Agency 1,316 342 Non-agency 12 160 Changes in valuation due to amortization: Scheduled principal payments (176) (123) Prepayments Voluntary prepayments Agency (556) (818) Non-agency (38) (63) Involuntary prepayments Agency (9) (4) Non-agency Other changes (1) 
 27 56 Fair value - end of year 6,654 4,223 
 
 (1) Amounts primarily represent negative fair values reclassified from the MSR asset to reserves as underlying loans are removed from the MSR and other reclassification adjustments. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 40 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 4, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities and Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional information regarding the range of assumptions and sensitivities related to the fair value measurement of MSRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Excess Spread Financing 
 
 As further disclosed in Note 4, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we have entered into sale and assignment agreements treated as financing arrangements whereby the acquirer has the right to receive a specified percentage of the excess cash flow generated from an MSR. During 2022, the Company entered into an assignment agreement to repurchase excess spread liabilities for a total purchase price of 277, which is included in the repayments line in the rollforward below. 
 
 The servicing fees associated with an MSR can be segregated into (i) a base servicing fee and (ii) an excess servicing fee. The base servicing fee, along with ancillary income and other revenues, is designed to cover costs incurred to service the specified pool plus a reasonable margin. The remaining servicing fee is considered excess. We sell a percentage of the excess fee, as a method for efficiently financing acquired MSRs and the purchase of loans. We do not currently utilize these transactions as a primary source of financing due to the availability of lower cost sources of funding. 
 
 Excess spread financings are recorded at fair value, and the impact of fair value adjustments on future revenues and capital resources varies primarily due to prepayment speeds and discounts rates. See Note 4, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities and Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional information regarding the range of assumptions and sensitivities related to the fair value measurement of the excess spread financing liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth the change in the excess spread financing: 
 Table 10. Excess Spread Financing - Rollforward 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Fair value - beginning of year 768 934 Additions: New financings Deductions: Repayments (293) (4) Settlements (99) (152) Changes in fair value: Agency 113 (20) Non-Agency 20 10 Fair value - end of year 509 768 

41 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Originations Segment 
 
 The strategy of our Originations segment is to originate or acquire new loans for the servicing portfolio at a more attractive cost than purchasing MSRs in bulk transactions and to retain or recapture our existing customers by providing them with attractive refinance and purchase options. The Originations segment plays a strategically important role because its profitability is typically counter cyclical to that of the Servicing segment. Furthermore, by originating or acquiring loans at a more attractive cost than bulk MSR acquisitions, the Originations segment improves our overall profitability and cash flow. Our Originations segment is one way that we help underserved consumers access the financial markets. In 2022, our total originations included loans for 42,283 customers with low FICOs 
 The Originations segment includes two channels: 
 
 Our direct-to-consumer DTC lending channel relies on our call centers, website and mobile apps, specially trained teams of licensed mortgage originators, predictive analytics and modeling utilizing proprietary data from our servicing portfolio to reach our existing customers who may benefit from a new mortgage. Depending on borrower needs and eligibility, purchase and refinance loans are available in conventional, government or non-agency products. Through lead campaigns and direct marketing, the direct-to-consumer channel seeks to convert leads into loans in a cost-efficient manner. 
 
 Our correspondent lending channel acquires newly originated residential mortgage loans that have been underwritten to investor guidelines. This includes both conventional and government-insured loans that qualify for inclusion in securitizations that are guaranteed by the GSEs. Our correspondent lending channel enables us to replenish servicing portfolio run-off typically at a better rate of return than traditional bulk or flow acquisitions. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the results of operations for the Originations segment: 
 Table 11. Originations Segment Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues Service related, net - Originations (1) 
 98 176 (78) (44) Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale Net gain on loans originated and sold (2) 
 139 731 (592) (81) Capitalized servicing rights (3) 
 493 952 (459) (48) Total net gain on mortgage loans held for sale 632 1,683 (1,051) (62) Total revenues 730 1,859 (1,129) (61) Expenses Salaries, wages and benefits 329 608 (279) (46) General and administrative Loan origination expenses 59 100 (41) (41) Corporate and other general and administrative expenses 54 65 (11) (17) Marketing and professional service fees 33 52 (19) (37) Depreciation and amortization 16 24 (8) (33) Total general and administrative 162 241 (79) (33) Total expenses 491 849 (358) (42) Other income (expenses) Interest income 53 102 (49) (48) Interest expense (43) (88) 45 (51) Total other income, net 10 14 (4) (29) Income before income tax expense 249 1,024 (775) (76) Weighted average note rate - mortgage loans held for sale 4.2 3.0 1.2 40 Weighted average cost of funds - warehouse facilities (excluding facility fees) 3.6 1.9 1.7 89 
 
 (1) Service related, net - Originations refers to fees collected from customers for originated loans and from other lenders for loans purchased through the correspondent channel, and includes loan application, underwriting, and other similar fees. 
 (2) Net gain on loans originated and sold represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses from the origination, purchase, and sale of loans as well as the unrealized and realized gains and losses from related derivative instruments. Gains from the origination and sale of loans are affected by the volume and margin of our originations activity which can vary based upon mortgage interest rates. 
 (3) Capitalized servicing rights represent the fair value attributed to mortgage servicing rights at the time in which they are retained in connection with the sale of loans during the period. 
 
 43 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Table 12. Originations - Key Metrics 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Key Metrics Consumer direct lock pull through adjusted volume (1) 
 14,823 36,624 (21,801) (60) Other locked pull through adjusted volume (1) 
 10,067 39,810 (29,743) (75) Total pull through adjusted lock volume 24,890 76,434 (51,544) (67) Funded volume (2) 
 28,250 84,463 (56,213) (67) Volume of loans sold 33,138 93,549 (60,411) (65) Recapture percentage (3) 
 31.8 31.4 0.4 1 Refinance recapture percentage (4) 
 58.7 40.0 18.7 47 Purchase as a percentage of funded volume 33.0 23.3 9.7 42 Value of capitalized servicing on retained settlements 191 bps 132 bps 59 bps 45 Originations Margin Revenue 730 1,859 (1,129) (61) Pull through adjusted lock volume 24,890 76,434 (51,544) (67) Revenue as a percentage of pull through adjusted lock volume (5) 
 2.93 2.43 0.50 21 Expenses (6) 
 481 835 (354) (42) Funded volume 28,250 84,463 (56,213) (67) Expenses as a percentage of funded volume (7) 
 1.70 0.99 0.71 72 Originations Margin 1.23 1.44 (0.21) (15) 
 
 (1) Pull through adjusted volume represents the expected funding from locks taken during the period. 
 (2) Funded volume for the period could include pull through adjusted lock volume from prior periods. 
 (3) Recapture percentage includes new loan originations from both purchase and refinance transactions where borrower retention and/or property retention occurs as a result of a loan payoff from our servicing portfolio. Excludes loans we are contractually unable to solicit. 
 (4) Refinance recapture percentage includes new loan originations from refinance transactions where borrower retention and property retention occurs as a result of a loan payoff from our servicing portfolio. Excludes loans we are contractually unable to solicit. 
 (5) Calculated on pull-through adjusted lock volume as revenue is recognized at the time of loan lock. 
 (6) Expenses include total expense and total other income (expenses), net. 
 (7) Calculated on funded volume as expenses are incurred based on closing of the loan. 
 
 Originations Segment Revenues 
 Total revenues decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by a decline in net gain on loans originated and sold and a decrease in capitalized servicing rights. Revenues from net gain on loans originated and sold decreased in connection with lower funded volume and total pull through adjusted lock volume due to a higher interest rate environment in 2022. Additionally, the decrease in capitalized servicing rights was primarily driven by lower originations volumes, partially offset by an increase in value of capitalized servicing retained on settlements due to higher mortgage rates in 2022. Revenues in 2022 also decreased as compared to 2021, due to unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments on mortgage derivative instruments and hedges, partially offset by a lower unfavorable mark-to-market on interest rate locks and loan commitments and fair value adjustment on loans held for sale. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 44 

Table of Contents 

 Originations Segment Expenses 
 Total expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased when compared to 2021 primarily due to a decline in salaries, wages and benefits expense, and loan origination expenses. Salaries, wages and benefits expense declined in 2022 primarily due to decreased headcount and lower origination volumes in both the direct-to-consumer and correspondent channels. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we rightsized our Originations business, and eliminated approximately 1,200 positions due to rising interest rate environment and lower demand for originations. Loan origination expenses declined in 2022 primarily due to cost reduction initiatives in connection with decreased origination volumes. 
 
 Originations Segment Other Income, Net 
 Interest income relates primarily to mortgage loans held for sale. Interest expense is associated with the warehouse facilities utilized to finance newly originated loans. Due to decreased originations volume, both interest income and interest expense declined, partially offset by higher interest rates, resulting in immaterial changes for total other income, net, during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Originations Margin 
 The Originations Margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased as compared to 2021 primarily due to a higher ratio of expenses as a percentage of funded volume driven by lower funded volume due to higher mortgage rates in 2022, partially offset by a shift in channel mix from correspondent to direct-to-consumer. Direct-to-consumer channel mix was 60 and 48 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Corporate/Other 
 
 Corporate/Other includes the results of Xome s operations, the Company s unallocated overhead expenses (which include the costs of executive management and other corporate functions that are not directly attributable to our operating segments), changes in equity investments and interest expense on our unsecured senior notes. In addition, Corporate/Other includes eliminations related to intersegment hedge fair value changes. 
 
 The following tables set forth the selected financial results for Corporate/Other: 
 Table 13. Corporate/Other Selected Financial Results 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Corporate/Other - Operations Total revenues 76 186 (110) (59) Total expenses 224 311 (87) (28) Interest expense 160 128 32 25 Other income (expense), net 187 528 (341) (65) Key Metrics Average exchange inventory under management 
 19,663 15,039 4,624 31 
 
 Total revenues and total expenses decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the sale of our title, valuations and field services businesses in 2021. 
 
 Interest expense increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the issuance of the unsecured senior notes due 2031 in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 The change in other income (expense), net, in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to a gain of 223 that was recorded in 2022 upon completion of the Sagent Transaction as compared to a gain of 528 that was recorded in 2021 upon completion of the sale of our title, valuations and field services businesses. 

45 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We measure liquidity by unrestricted cash and availability of borrowings on our MSR and other facilities. We held cash and cash equivalents on hand of 527 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 895 as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated net cash of 3,767 from operating activities and bought back 5.4 million shares of our outstanding common stock for a total cost of 239 as part of our stock repurchase program. We have sufficient borrowing capacity to support our operations. As of December 31, 2022, total available borrowing capacity for advance, warehouse, and MSR facilities was 10,600 of which 7,704 was immediately available. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased capacity on our MSR facilities by 1,590. For more information on our advance and warehouse facilities, see Note 12, Indebtedness , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our primary sources of funds for liquidity include: (i) servicing fees and ancillary revenues; (ii) advance and warehouse facilities, other secured borrowings and unsecured senior notes; (iii) payments received in connection with the sale of excess spread. 
 
 Our primary uses of funds for liquidity include: (i) funding of servicing advances; (ii) originations of loans; (iii) payment of interest expenses; (iv) payment of operating expenses; (v) repayment of borrowings and repurchases or redemptions of outstanding indebtedness; (vi) payments for acquisitions of MSRs; (vii) payment of our technology expenses. 
 
 We believe that our cash flows from operating activities, as well as capacity through existing facilities, provide adequate resources to fund our anticipated ongoing cash requirements. We rely on these facilities to fund operating activities. As the facilities mature, we anticipate renewal of these facilities will be achieved. Future debt maturities will be funded with cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities and, if necessary, future access to capital markets. We continue to optimize the use of balance sheet cash to avoid unnecessary interest carrying costs. 
 
 In addition, derivative instruments are used as part of the overall strategy to manage exposure to market risks primarily associated with fluctuations in interest rates related to originations and servicing. As part of the Company s economic hedging strategy, the Company hedges interest rate risk related to the pipeline in Originations (comprised of IRLCs and newly originated mortgage loans held for sale) and MSR portfolio in Servicing primarily using third-party derivative instruments. See Note 11, Derivative Financial Instruments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein for a summary of our derivative transactions. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various types of on- and off-balance sheet transactions with special purpose entities SPEs determined to be variable interest entities VIEs ), which primarily consist of securitization trusts established for a limited purpose. Generally, these SPEs are formed for the purpose of securitization transactions in which we transfer assets to an SPE, which then issues to investors various forms of debt obligations supported by those assets. In these securitization transactions, we typically receive cash and/or other interests in the SPE as proceeds for the transferred assets. See Note 13, Securitizations and Financings , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein for a summary of our transactions with VIEs and unconsolidated balances, and details of their impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The table below presents cash flows information: 
 Table 14. Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Net cash attributable to: Operating activities 3,767 2,632 1,135 43 Investing activities (1,322) 1,192 (2,514) (211) Financing activities (2,784) (3,696) 912 (25) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (339) 128 (467) (365) 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 46 

Table of Contents 

 Operating activities 
 Cash generated from operating activities increased to 3,767 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,632 in 2021. The increase was primarily related to continuing operations, driven by cash generated from changes in working capital of 201 in 2022 compared to cash used of 353 in 2021, and by the decrease of 7,089 in cash used for the repurchases of loan assets out of Ginnie Mae securitizations, partially offset by a decrease of 6,615 in cash generated from originations net sales activities. 
 
 Investing activities 
 Our investing activities used cash of 1,322 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash generated of 1,192 in 2021. The change was primarily related to discontinued operations and the sale of businesses in 2021, driven by 1,629 of proceeds from sale of the reverse servicing portfolio and 465 in cash proceeds from the sale of our title, valuations, and field services businesses, net of cash divested. Additionally, cash used for the purchase of mortgage servicing rights increased by 673 in 2022. 
 
 Financing activities 
 Cash used from financing activities decreased to 2,784 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3,696 in 2021. The decrease was driven by 2,226 in financing activities from discontinued operations in 2021, partially offset by an increase of 841 in cash used for repayment on our advance and warehouse facilities related to continuing operations in 2022. 

Capital Resources 
 
 Capital Structure and Debt 
 We require access to external financing resources from time to time depending on our cash requirements, assessments of current and anticipated market conditions and after-tax cost of capital. If needed, we believe additional capital could be raised through a combination of issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness, asset-backed acquisition financing and/or cash from operations. Our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 Our credit facilities contain various financial covenants which primarily relate to required tangible net worth amounts, liquidity reserves, leverage requirements, and profitability requirements, which are measured at our operating subsidiary, Nationstar Mortgage, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our required financial covenants. 
 
 Seller/Servicer Financial Requirements 
 We are also subject to net worth, liquidity and capital ratio requirements established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Enterprises Seller/Servicers, and Ginnie Mae for single family issuers, as summarized below. These requirements apply to our operating subsidiary, Nationstar Mortgage, LLC. 
 
 Minimum Net Worth 
 FHFA - a net worth base of 2.5 plus 25 basis points of outstanding UPB for total loans serviced. 
 Ginnie Mae - a net worth equal to the sum of base of 2.5 plus 35 basis points of the issuer s total single-family effective outstanding obligations. 
 
 Minimum Liquidity 
 FHFA - 3.5 basis points of total Agency Mortgage Servicing UPB plus incremental 200 basis points of total nonperforming Agency, measured at 90+ delinquencies, servicing in excess of 6 total Agency servicing UPB. 
 Ginnie Mae - the greater of 1 or 10 basis points of our outstanding single-family MBS. 
 
 Minimum Capital Ratio 
 FHFA and Ginnie Mae - a ratio of Tangible Net Worth to Total Assets greater than 6 . 
 
 Secured Debt to Gross Tangible Asset Ratio 
 Ginnie Mae - a secured debt to gross tangible asset ratios no greater than 60 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our seller/servicer financial requirements for FHFA and Ginnie Mae. 
 
 In 2022, the FHFA and Ginnie Mae revised its Seller/Servicers and single-family issuers minimum financial eligibility requirements. All revisions are effective in 2023 or 2024, as summarized below. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the revised requirements. 
 47 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Minimum Net Worth (effective September 30, 2023) 
 FHFA a net worth base of 2.5 plus a dollar amount equal to or exceeding the sum of (i) 25 basis points of the sellers/servicer s residential first lien mortgage servicing UPB, serviced for the Enterprises, plus (ii) 25 basis points of non-agency serviced UPB, plus (iii) 35 basis points of the sellers/servicer s residential first lien mortgage servicing UPB serviced for Ginnie Mae. 
 Ginnie Mae a net worth equal to the sum of 2.5, plus (i) 35 basis points of the issuer s total effective Ginnie Mae single-family outstanding obligations, plus (ii) 25 basis points of the issuer s total Enterprises single family outstanding servicing portfolio balance, plus (iii) 25 basis points of the issuer s total non-agency single family servicing portfolio. 
 
 Minimum Liquidity Requirements (effective September 30, 2023) 
 FHFA - a base Liquidity of eligible assets equal to or exceeding : 
 7 basis points of sellers/servicer s residential first lien mortgage servicing UPB serviced for the Enterprises, if the seller/servicer remits (or an Enterprise draws) interest or principal, or both, as scheduled, regardless of whether principal or interest has been collected from the borrower, plus 
 3.5 basis points of the sellers/servicer s residential first lien mortgage servicing UPB serviced for the Enterprises, if the seller/servicer remits (or an Enterprise draws) the interest and principal only as actually collected from the borrower, plus 
 3.5 basis points of the seller/servicer s non-agency servicing UPB, plus 
 10 basis points of the seller/servicer s residential first lien mortgage servicing UPB serviced for Ginnie Mae. 
 In addition, an origination liquidity equal to or exceeding 50 basis points of the sum of the following effective December 31, 2023 ): 
 i. Residential first lien mortgages held for sale, at lower of cost or market 
 ii. Residential first lien mortgages held for sale, at fair value, plus 
 iii. UPB of interest rate lock commitments after fallout adjustments 
 Supplemental liquidity at all time equal to or exceeding the sum of effective December 31, 2023 ): 
 i. 2 basis points of the sellers/servicer s residential mortgage servicing UPB serviced for the Enterprises, plus 
 ii. 5 basis points of the sellers/servicer s residential mortgage servicing UPB serviced for Ginnie Mae 
 Ginnie Mae the greater of 1 or the sum of: 
 10 basis points of the issuer s outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family servicing UPB, plus 
 3.5 basis points of the issuer s outstanding Enterprises single family servicing UPB, if the issuer remits (or the Enterprise draws) the principal and interest only as actually collected from the borrower, plus 
 7 basis points of the Issuer s outstanding Enterprises single-family servicing UPB, if the issuer remits (or the Enterprise draws) the principal or interest, or both, as scheduled, regardless of whether principal or interest has been collected from the borrower, plus 
 3.5 basis points of the issuer s outstanding non-agency single-family servicing UPB. 
 Ginnie Mae - issuers that originated more than 1 billion in UPB of any residential first mortgage in the recent four-quarter period must have liquid assets equal to the greater of at least 1 or the sum of the points listed immediately above, plus effective December 31, 2023 ): 
 50 basis points of loans held for sale, plus 
 50 basis points of the issuer s UPB of IRLCs after fallout adjustments 
 
 Capital Requirements (effective December 31, 2024) 
 Ginnie Mae a Risk-based Capital Ratio RBCR of at least 6 . RBCR is adjusted net worth less excess MSRs divided by total risked-based assets. 
 
 Financial Reporting Requirements (effective December 31, 2023) 
 FHFA must obtain an assessment of the seller/servicer s performance and creditworthiness by a qualified, independent third party on an annual basis and meet the following criteria: 
 One primary servicer rating or master servicer rating, as applicable for large non-depository institutions that have greater than or equal to 50 billion in servicing UPB, and 
 One primary servicer rating or master servicer rating, as applicable, and one third party long-term senior unsecured debt rating or long-term corporate family rating, for large non-depository institutions that have greater than 100 billion in servicing UPB, and 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 48 

Table of Contents 

 One primary servicer rating or master servicer rating, as applicable, and issued by two rating agencies, each of which must issue either a third party long-term unsecured debt rating or long-term corporate family rating for large non-depository institutions that have greater than or equal to 150 billion in servicing UPB. 
 
 Since our Ginnie Mae single-family servicing portfolio exceeds 75 billion in UPB, we are also required to obtain an external primary servicer rating and issuer credit ratings from two different rating agencies and receive a minimum rating of a B or its equivalent. We met this requirement for all financial periods presented. 
 
 In addition, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac may require capital ratios in excess of stated requirements. Refer to Note 18, Capital Requirements , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Table 15. Debt 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Advance facilities principal amount 669 614 Warehouse facilities principal amount 817 4,125 MSR facilities principal amount 1,410 270 Unsecured senior notes principal amount 2,700 2,700 
 
 Advance Facilities 
 As part of our normal course of business, we borrow money to fund servicing advances. Our servicing agreements require that we advance our own funds to meet contractual principal and interest payments for certain investors, and to pay taxes, insurance, foreclosure costs and various other items that are required to preserve the assets being serviced. Delinquency rates and prepayment speeds affect the size of servicing advance balances, and we exercise our ability to stop advancing principal and interest where the pooling and servicing agreements permit, where the advance is deemed to be non-recoverable from future proceeds. These servicing requirements affect our liquidity. We rely upon several counterparties to provide us with financing facilities to fund a portion of our servicing advances. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total borrowing capacity of 1,125, of which we could borrow an additional 456. The maturity dates of our advance facilities range from December 2023 to November 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had 40 of borrowings outstanding under facilities maturing within less than one year and 629 of borrowings outstanding under facilities maturing within the next three years. 
 
 Warehouse and MSR Facilities 
 Loan origination activities generally require short-term l iquidity in excess of amounts generated by our operations. The loans we originate are financed through several warehouse lines on a short-term basis. We typically hold the loans for approximately 30 days and then sell or place the loans in government securitizations in order to repay the borrowings under the warehouse lines. Our ability to fund current operations depends upon our ability to secure these types of short-term financings on acceptable terms and to renew or replace the financings as they expire. As of December 31, 2022 , we had a total borrowing capacity of 6,775 and 2,700 for warehouse and MSR facilities, of which we could borrow an additional 5,958 and 1,290, respectively. The maturity dates for our warehouse facilities range from April 2023 to September 2024 . As of December 31, 2022 , we had 803 of borrowings outstanding under warehouse facilities maturing within less than one year and 14 of borrowings outstanding under warehouse facilities maturing within the next three years. Our MSR facilities provide financing for our servicing portfolio and investments. The maturity dates for our MSR facilities range from April 2023 to November 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had 405 of borrowings under MSR facilities maturing within less than one year and 1,005 of borrowings outstanding under MSR facilities maturing within the next two years. 
 
 Unsecured Senior Notes 
 In 2020 and 2021, we completed offerings of unsecured senior notes with maturity dates ranging from 2027 to 2031. We pay interest semi-annually to the holders of these notes at interest rates ranging from 5.125 to 6.000 . We are scheduled to pay a total of 1,029 of interest payments from these notes over the next nine years, of which 151 is due within less than one year. 
 
 49 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the expected maturities of our unsecured senior notes based on contractual maturities are presented below: 
 Table 16. Contractual Maturities - Unsecured Senior Notes 
 
 Year Ending December 31, Amount 2023 through 2026 2027 600 Thereafter 2,100 Unsecured senior notes principal amount 2,700 Unamortized debt issuance costs (27) Unsecured senior notes, net 2,673 
 
 Other contractual obligations 
 Our operating lease obligations were primarily incurred for office space and equipment. The average lease terms are generally for 1 to 8 years. As of December 31, 2022, the total future minimum lease payments for our operating lease obligations was 124, of which 22 is due within less than a year. For more information regarding lease obligations, see Note 8, Leases, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 50 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, valuation assumptions and other subjective assessments. In particular, we have identified the following policies that, due to the judgment, estimates and assumptions inherent in those policies, are critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements. These policies relate to fair value measurements, particularly those determined to be Level 3 as discussed in Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and valuation and realization of deferred tax assets. We believe that the judgment, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are appropriate given the factual circumstances at the time. However, given the sensitivity of our consolidated financial statements to these critical accounting policies, the use of other judgments, estimates and assumptions could result in material differences in our results of operations or financial condition. Fair value measurements considered to be Level 3 representing estimated values based on significant unobservable inputs include (i) the valuation of MSRs, (ii) the valuation of excess spread financing and (iii) the valuation of interest rate lock commitments IRLCs ). 
 
 MSRs at Fair Value 
 We generally retain the servicing rights for existing residential mortgage loans transferred to a third party. We recognize MSRs recorded on the balance sheet in such transfers that meet the accounting requirements for sale treatment at fair value. Additionally, we may acquire the rights to service residential mortgage loans from third parties. We have elected to measure all MSRs at fair value subsequent to capitalization or acquisition, with all changes in fair value recorded within revenues - service related, net in the consolidated statements of operations. We estimate the fair value of these MSRs using a discounted cash flow model, which incorporates prepayment speeds, discount rate, costs to service, delinquencies, ancillary revenues, recapture rates and other assumptions that management believes are consistent with the assumptions that other similar market participants use in valuing the MSRs. The key assumptions to determine fair value include prepayment speeds, discount rate and cost to service. However, the discounted cash flow model is complex and uses asset-specific collateral data and market inputs for interest and discount rates. In addition, the modeling requirements of MSRs are complex because of the high number of variables that drive cash flows associated with MSRs. We obtain third-party valuations, industry surveys and other available market data quarterly to assess the reasonableness of the fair value calculated by the cash flow model. For the impact of changes in estimates on MSRs at fair value, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and Note 4, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Excess Spread Financing 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of certain MSRs on various pools of residential mortgage loans (the Portfolios ), we have entered into sale and assignment agreements related to its right to servicing fees, under which we sell to third parties the right to receive a portion of the excess cash flow generated from the Portfolios after receipt of a fixed base servicing fee per loan. We measure these financing arrangements at fair value to accurately represent the future performance of the acquired MSRs and related excess servicing financing, with all changes in fair value recorded as a charge or credit to revenues - service related, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value on excess spread financing is based on the present value of future expected discounted cash flows. The cash flow assumptions used in the model are based on various factors, with the key assumptions being mortgage prepayment speeds and discount rate. However, the discounted cash flow model is complex and uses asset-specific collateral data and market inputs. In addition, our total market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors including market volatility and liquidity of the markets. We obtain a third-party valuation, industry surveys and other available market data quarterly to assess the reasonableness of the fair value calculated by the cash flow model. For the impact of changes in estimates on excess spread financing, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and Note 4, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 51 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Lock Commitments 
 IRLCs represent an agreement to extend credit to a mortgage loan applicant, or an agreement to purchase a loan from a third-party originator, whereby the interest rate and loan amount are set prior to funding. The fair values of interest rate lock commitments are subject to changes in mortgage interest rates from the date of the commitment through the sale of the loan into the secondary market. As a result, we are exposed to interest rate risk during the period from the date of the lock commitment through the lock commitment cancellation or expiration date or the date of sale into the secondary mortgage market. IRLCs are considered freestanding derivatives and are recorded at fair value at inception, which includes the inherent value of servicing. Loan commitments generally range between 30 days and 90 days, and we typically sell mortgage loans within 30 days of origination. IRLCs are subsequently recorded at fair value primarily based on secondary market prices for underlying mortgage loans, which is observable data, with adjustments made to such observable data for the inherent value of servicing, which is an unobservable input. The fair value is also subject to adjustments for the estimated pull-through rate. Any changes in fair value are recorded in earnings as a component of revenues - net gain on mortgage loans held for sale in the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows. For the impact of changes in estimates on IRLCs, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Realization of Deferred Tax Assets 
 Our provision for income taxes is calculated using the balance sheet method, which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and certain changes in the valuation allowance. We provide a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the adequacy of the valuation allowance, we consider all forms of evidence, including: (1) historic earnings or losses; (2) anticipated taxable income resulting from the reversal of taxable temporary differences; (3) tax planning strategies; and (4) anticipated future earnings exclusive of the reversal of taxable temporary differences. Of all of the sources of taxable income, we generally rely upon reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, tax planning strategies, and future taxable income excluding reversing differences. In determining the appropriate amount of valuation allowance required, we consider (1) internal forecasts of our future pre-tax income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, (2) the nature and timing of future reversals of existing deferred tax assets and liabilities, (3) future originating temporary and permanent differences, and (4) NOL carryforward expiration dates, among others. 

Other Matters 
 
 Recent Accounting Developments 
 
 Below provides recently issued accounting pronouncements applicable to us but not yet effective. 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 2020-04, 2021-01 and 2022-06, collectively implemented as Accounting Standards Codification Topic 848 ASC 848 ), Reference Rate Reform provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contract modifications, hedge accounting and other transactions affected by the transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, such as interbank offered rates and the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR ). If LIBOR ceases to exist or if the methods of calculating LIBOR change from current methods for any reasons, interest rates on our floating rate loans, obligation derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, may be affected and need renegotiation with its lenders. In January 2021, ASU 2021-01 was issued to clarify that all derivative instruments affected by changes to the interest rates used for discounting, margining alignment due to reference rate reform are in scope of ASC 848. In December 2022, ASU 2022-06 was issued to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The guidance was effective upon issuance and may be applied prospectively to contract modifications, existing hedging relationships and other impacted transactions through December 31, 2024. The guidance in ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. At present, the Company has limited exposure to LIBOR based index rates. Due to the short-term maturities of the Company s advance and warehouse facilities, substantially all the Company s facilities have matured and transitioned away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates in 2022 when renewed. The Company does not expect ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 to have material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 See Note 1, Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information on recent accounting guidance adopted in 2022. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 52 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 
 This Glossary of Terms defines some of the terms that are used throughout this report and does not represent a complete list of all defined terms used. 
 
 Advance Facility. A secured financing facility to fund advance receivables which is backed by a pool of mortgage servicing advance receivables made by a servicer to a certain pool of mortgage loans. 
 
 Agency. Government entities guaranteeing the mortgage investors that the principal amount of the loan will be repaid; the Federal Housing Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the US Department of Agriculture and Ginnie Mae (and collectively, the Agencies ). 
 
 Agency Conforming Loan. A mortgage loan that meets all requirements (loan type, maximum amount, LTV ratio and credit quality) for purchase by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or insured by the FHA, USDA or guaranteed by the VA or sold into Ginnie Mae. 
 
 Asset-Backed Securities ABS ). A financial security whose income payments and value is derived from and collateralized (or backed by a specified pool of underlying receivables or other financial assets. 
 
 Bulk acquisitions or purchases. MSR portfolio acquired on non-retained basis through an open market bidding process. 
 
 Base Servicing Fee. The servicing fee retained by the servicer, expressed in basis points, in an excess MSR arrangement in exchange for the provision of servicing functions on a portfolio of mortgage loans, after which the servicer and the co-investment partner share the excess fees on a pro rata basis. 
 
 Client . Owner of the underlying mortgage servicing rights on behalf of whom we service loans. 
 
 Conventional Mortgage Loans. A mortgage loan that is not guaranteed or insured by the FHA, the VA or any other government agency. Although a conventional loan is not insured or guaranteed by the government, it can still follow the guidelines of GSEs and be sold to the GSEs. 
 
 Correspondent lender, lending channel or relationship. A correspondent lender is a lender that funds loans in their own name and then sells them off to larger mortgage lenders. A correspondent lender underwrites the loans to the standards of an investor and provides the funds at close. 
 
 Customer . Residential mortgage borrower. 
 
 Delinquent Loan. A mortgage loan that is 30 or more days past due from its contractual due date. 
 
 Department of Veterans Affairs VA ). The VA is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government, which guarantees certain home loans for qualified borrowers eligible for securitization with GNMA. 
 
 Direct-to-consumer originations DTC ). A type of mortgage loan origination pursuant to which a lender markets refinancing and purchase money mortgage loans directly to selected consumers through telephone call centers, the Internet or other means. 
 
 Excess Servicing Fees. In an excess MSR arrangement, the servicing fee cash flows on a portfolio of mortgage loans after payment of the base servicing fee. 
 
 Excess Spread. MSRs with a co-investment partner where the servicer receives a base servicing fee and the servicer and co-investment partner share the excess servicing fees. This co-investment strategy reduces the required upfront capital from the servicer when purchasing or investing in MSRs. 
 
 Exchange inventory. Consists of Xome s residential real estate inventory ranging from pre-foreclosure to bank-owned properties. 
 
 Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae or FNMA ). FNMA was federally chartered by the U.S. Congress in 1938 to support liquidity, stability, and affordability in the secondary mortgage market, where existing mortgage-related assets are purchased and sold. Fannie Mae buys mortgage loans from lenders and resells them as mortgage-backed securities in the secondary mortgage market. 
 53 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Federal Housing Administration FHA ). The FHA is a U.S. federal government agency within the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). It provides mortgage insurance on loans made by FHA-approved lenders in compliance with FHA guidelines throughout the United States. 
 
 Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA ). A U.S. federal government agency that is the regulator and conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the regulator of the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac or FHLMC ). Freddie Mac was chartered by Congress in 1970 to stabilize the nation s residential mortgage markets and expand opportunities for homeownership and affordable rental housing. Freddie Mac participates in the secondary mortgage market by purchasing mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities for investment and by issuing guaranteed mortgage-related securities. 
 
 Forbearance. An agreement between the mortgage servicer or lender and borrower for a temporary postponement of mortgage payments. It is a form of repayment relief granted by the lender or creditor in lieu of forcing a property into foreclosure. 
 
 Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae or GNMA ). GNMA is a self-financing, wholly owned U.S. Government corporation within HUD. Ginnie Mae guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on MBS backed by federally insured or guaranteed loans - mainly loans insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. Ginnie Mae securities are the only MBS to carry the full faith and credit guarantee of the U.S. federal government. 
 
 Government-Sponsored Enterprise GSE ). Certain entities established by the U.S. Congress to provide liquidity, stability and affordability in residential housing. These agencies are Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks. 
 
 Interest Rate Lock Commitments IRLC ). Agreements under which the interest rate and the maximum amount of the mortgage loan are set prior to funding the mortgage loan. 
 
 Investors. Our investors include agency investors and non-agency investors. Agency investors primarily consist of Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae or GNMA and the GSEs, Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae or FNMA and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp Freddie Mac or FHLMC ). Non-agency investors consist of investors in private-label securitizations. 
 
 Loan Modification. Temporary or permanent modifications to loan terms with the borrower, including the interest rate, amortization period and term of the borrower s original mortgage loan. Loan modifications are usually made to loans that are in default, or in imminent danger of defaulting. 
 
 Loan-to-Value Ratio LTV ). The unpaid principal balance of a mortgage loan as a percentage of the total appraised or market value of the property that secures the loan. An LTV over 100 indicates that the UPB of the mortgage loan exceeds the value of the property. 
 
 Lock period. A set of periods of time that a lender will guarantee a specific rate is set prior to funding the mortgage loan. 
 
 Loss Mitigation. The range of servicing activities provided by a servicer in an attempt to minimize the losses suffered by the owner of a defaulted mortgage loan. Loss mitigation techniques include short-sales, deed-in-lieu of foreclosures and loan modifications, among other options. 
 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities MBS ). A type of asset-backed security that is secured by a group of mortgage loans. 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Right MSRs ). The right and obligation to service a loan or pool of loans and to receive a servicing fee as well as certain ancillary income. MSRs may be bought and sold, resulting in the transfer of loan servicing obligations. MSRs are designated as such when the benefits of servicing the loans are expected to more than adequately compensate the servicer for performing the servicing. 
 
 MSR Facility. A line of credit backed by mortgage servicing rights that is used for financing purposes. In certain cases, these lines may be a sub-limit of another warehouse facility or alternatively exist on a stand-alone basis. These facilities allow for same or next day draws at the request of the borrower. 
 
 Non-Conforming Loan. A mortgage loan that does not meet the standards of eligibility for purchase or securitization by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 54 

Table of Contents 

Originations. The process through which a lender provides a mortgage loan to a borrower. 
 
 Pull through adjusted lock volume. Represents the expected funding from locks taken during the period. 
 
 Prepayment Speed. The rate at which voluntary mortgage prepayments occur or are projected to occur. The statistic is calculated on an annualized basis and expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal balance. 
 
 Primary Servicer. The servicer that owns the right to service a mortgage loan or pool of mortgage loans. This differs from a subservicer, which has a contractual agreement with the primary servicer to service a mortgage loan or pool of mortgage loans in exchange for a subservicing fee based upon portfolio volume and characteristics. 
 
 Prime Mortgage Loan. Generally, a high-quality mortgage loan that meets the underwriting standards set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and is eligible for purchase or securitization in the secondary mortgage market. Prime Mortgage loans generally have lower default risk and are made to borrowers with excellent credit records and a monthly income at least three to four times greater than their monthly housing expenses (mortgage payments plus taxes and other debt payments) as well as significant other assets. Mortgages not classified as prime mortgage loans are generally called either sub-prime or Alt-A. 
 
 Private Label Securitizations PLS ). Securitizations that do not meet the criteria set by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. 

Real Estate Owned REO ). Property acquired by the servicer on behalf of the owner of a mortgage loan or pool of mortgage loans, usually through foreclosure or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure on a defaulted loan. The servicer or a third-party real estate management firm is responsible for selling the REO. Net proceeds of the sale are returned to the owner of the related loan or loans. In most cases, the sale of REO does not generate enough to pay off the balance of the loan underlying the REO, causing a loss to the owner of the related mortgage loan. 
 
 Recapture. Voluntarily prepaid loans that are expected to be refinanced by the related servicer. 
 
 Refinancing. The process of working with existing borrowers to refinance their mortgage loans. By refinancing loans for borrowers we currently service, we retain the servicing rights, thereby extending the longevity of the servicing cash flows. 
 
 Servicing. The performance of contractually specified administrative functions with respect to a mortgage loan or pool of mortgage loans. Duties of a servicer typically include, among other things, collecting monthly payments, maintaining escrow accounts, providing periodic monthly statements to the borrower and monthly reports to the loan owners or their agents, managing insurance, monitoring delinquencies, executing foreclosures (as necessary), and remitting fees to guarantors, trustees and service providers. A servicer is generally compensated with a specific fee outlined in the contract established prior to the commencement of the servicing activities. 
 
 55 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing Advances. In the course of servicing loans, servicers are required to make advances that are reimbursable from collections on the related mortgage loan or pool of loans. There are typically three types of servicing advances: P I Advances, T I Advances and Corporate Advances. 
 
 (i) P I Advances cover scheduled payments of principal and interest that have not been timely paid by borrowers. P I Advances serve to facilitate the cash flows paid to holders of securities issued by the residential MBS trust. The servicer is not the insurer or guarantor of the MBS and thus has the right to cease the advancing of P I, when the servicer deems the next advance nonrecoverable. 
 
 (ii) T I Advances pay specified expenses associated with the preservation of a mortgaged property or the liquidation of defaulted mortgage loans, including but not limited to property taxes, insurance premiums or other property-related expenses that have not been timely paid by borrowers in order for the lien holder to maintain its interest in the property. 
 
 (iii) Corporate Advances pay costs, fees and expenses incurred in foreclosing upon, preserving defaulted loans and selling REO, including attorneys and other professional fees and expenses incurred in connection with foreclosure and liquidation or other legal proceedings arising in the course of servicing the defaulted mortgage loans. 
 
 Servicing Advances are reimbursed to the servicer if and when the borrower makes a payment on the underlying mortgage loan at the time the loan is modified or upon liquidation of the underlying mortgage loan but are primarily the responsibility of the investor/owner of the loan. The types of servicing advances that a servicer must make are set forth in its servicing agreement with the owner of the mortgage loan or pool of mortgage loans. In some instances, a servicer is allowed to cease Servicing Advances, if those advances will not be recoverable from the property securing the loan. 
 
 Subservicing. Subservicing is the process of outsourcing the duties of the primary servicer to a third-party servicer. The third-party servicer performs the servicing responsibilities for a fee and is typically not responsible for making servicing advances, which are subsequently reimbursed by the primary servicer. The primary servicer is contractually liable to the owner of the loans for the activities of the subservicer. 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance UPB ). The amount of principal outstanding on a mortgage loan or a pool of mortgage loans. UPB is used together with the servicing fees and ancillary incomes as a means of estimating the future revenue stream for a servicer. 
 
 U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ). The USDA is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government, which guarantees certain home loans for qualified borrowers. 
 
 Warehouse Facility. A type of line of credit facility used to temporarily finance mortgage loan originations to be sold in the secondary market. Pursuant to a warehouse facility, a loan originator typically agrees to transfer to a counterparty certain mortgage loans against the transfer of funds by the counterpart, with a simultaneous agreement by the counterpart to transfer the loans back to the originator at a date certain, or on demand, against the transfer of funds from the originator. 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market Risk 
 Our principal market exposure is to interest rate risk due to the impact on our mortgage-related assets and commitments. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Changes in interest rates negatively affect our operations primarily as follows: 
 
 Servicing Segment 
 
 a decrease in mortgage rates may increase prepayment speeds which may impact earnings through (i) increased amortization expense; (ii) decrease in servicing fees; and (iii) decrease in the fair value of our MSRs; 
 
 a decrease in interest rates could reduce our earnings from our custodial deposit accounts; 
 
 an increase in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our outstanding debt, including our ability to finance servicing advances and for borrowing for acquisitions; 
 
 an increase in interest rates, together with an increase in monthly payments when an adjustable mortgage loan s interest rate adjusts upward from an initial fixed rate or a low introductory rate, may cause increased delinquency, default and foreclosure. Increased mortgage defaults and foreclosures may adversely affect our business as they increase our expenses and reduce the number of mortgages we service; 
 
 an increase in interest rates could also adversely affect our redelivery margins on EBO loans and consequently reduce the volume of EBO repurchases. 
 
 Originations Segment 
 
 an increase in interest rates could adversely affect our loan originations volume because refinancing an existing loan would be less attractive for homeowners and qualifying for a purchase money loan may be more difficult for consumers; 
 
 an increase in interest rates could also adversely affect our production margins due to increased competition among originators; 
 
 Our management-level Investment Committee establishes and maintains policies that govern our risk appetite and associated hedging programs. Factors considered include such factors as market volatility, duration and interest rate sensitivity measures, limits, targeted hedge ratios, the type of hedge instruments used in our hedging activities and our liquidity risk profile. Management actively manages interest rate exposure associated with the MSR portfolio and the pipeline through the usage of hedge instruments in accordance with the Investment Committee policies, which specify that the MSR portfolio and the pipeline should be hedged separately. Hedge instruments permitted by our aggregate hedge strategy include highly liquid market instruments such as Forward MBS trades, Swap futures, and Treasury futures. See Note 11, Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our use of derivatives. 
 
 MSR Hedging Strategy 
 MSRs are measured at fair value with changes in fair value being recorded in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. The MSR hedge strategy is focused on mitigating interest-rate risk associated with the MSR portfolio excluding PLS MSRs (referred to herein as MSR portfolio exposure ). 
 
 Our MSR hedge strategy s objective is to provide partial hedge coverage of our MSR portfolio exposure, considering market and liquidity conditions. The hedge coverage ratio defined as the ratio of hedge and asset rate sensitivity (referred to as DV01) is targeted at 25 of the MSR portfolio modeled interest rate risk, subject to change at the discretion of the Investment Committee. Accordingly, the changes in fair value of our hedging instruments may not fully offset the changes in fair value of our net MSR portfolio exposure attributable to interest rate changes. We periodically evaluate the coverage ratio to determine if it warrants adjustment based on market conditions and the symmetry of interest rate risk exposure and liquidity impacts of the hedge and asset profile under shock scenarios. In addition, while DV01 measures remain within the range of our hedging strategy s objective, actual changes in fair value of the derivatives and MSR portfolio may not offset to the same extent, due to non-parallel changes in the interest rate curve and the basis risk inherent in the MSR profile and hedging instruments. We continuously evaluate the use of hedging instruments to strive to enhance the effectiveness of our interest rate hedging strategy. 
 57 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

The changes in value on the derivative instruments associated with the MSR hedging strategy are recorded in earnings as a component of revenues - service related, net on the consolidated statements of operations within the Servicing segment and in loss (gain) on MSR hedging activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Pipeline Hedging Strategy - Loans Held For Sale and IRLCs 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk and related price risk during the period from the date of the interest rate lock commitment through (i) the lock commitment cancellation or expiration date or (ii) through the date of sale of the resulting loan into the secondary mortgage market for both the Originations segment for newly originated mortgage loans and the Servicing segment related to repurchased EBO mortgage loans held for sale. IRLCs generally range to 90 days and mortgage loans held for sale are generally funded and sold within 30 days. The objective of the pipeline hedging strategy is to economically hedge the entire pipeline interest rate exposure of both IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale within certain hedge coverage tolerance levels. The net daily market risk position of net pull-though adjusted IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale is monitored daily and its tolerance is +/- 10 of the estimated base value risk. 
 
 The changes in value on the derivative instruments associated with the pipeline hedging strategy are recorded in earnings as a component of revenues - net gain on mortgage loans held for sale on the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows within the Originations and Servicing segments. 
 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 We assess our market risk based on changes in interest rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential impact on fair values based on hypothetical changes (increases and decreases) in interest rates. 
 
 We use a duration-based model in determining the impact of interest rate shifts on our loan portfolio, certain other interest-bearing liabilities measured at fair value and interest rate derivatives portfolios. The primary assumption used in these models is that an increase or decrease in the benchmark interest rate produces a parallel shift in the yield curve across all maturities. 
 
 We utilize a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of MSRs and the impact of parallel interest rate shifts on MSRs. The discounted cash flow model incorporates prepayment speeds, discount rate, costs to service, delinquencies, ancillary revenues, recapture rates and other assumptions that management believes are consistent with the assumptions that other similar market participants use in valuing the MSRs. The key assumptions to determine fair value include prepayment speed, discount rate and cost to service. However, this analysis ignores the impact of interest rate changes on certain material variables, such as the benefit or detriment on the value of future loan originations, non-parallel shifts in the spread relationships between MBS, swaps and U.S. Treasury rates and changes in primary and secondary mortgage market spreads. For mortgage loans, IRLCs, forward delivery commitments on MBS and treasury futures, we rely on a model in determining the impact of interest rate shifts. In addition, the primary assumption used for IRLCs, is the borrower s propensity to close their mortgage loans under the commitment. 
 
 Our total market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors including market volatility and the liquidity of the markets. There are certain limitations inherent in the sensitivity analysis presented, including the necessity to conduct the analysis based on a single point in time and the inability to include the complex market reactions that normally would arise from the market shifts modeled. 
 
 We used December 31, 2022 market rates on our instruments to perform the sensitivity analysis. The estimates are based on the market risk sensitive portfolios described in the preceding paragraphs and assume instantaneous, parallel shifts in interest rate yield curves. These sensitivities are hypothetical and presented for illustrative purposes only. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in fair value may not be linear. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 58 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the estimated change in the fair value of our assets and liabilities sensitive to interest rates as of December 31, 2022 given hypothetical instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve. Actual results could differ materially. 
 
 Table 17. Change in Fair Value 
 
 December 31, 2022 Down 25 bps Up 25 bps Increase (decrease) in assets Mortgage servicing rights at fair value (130) 122 Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 3 (4) Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate lock commitments 5 (6) Forward MBS trades (8) 9 Total change in assets (130) 121 Increase (decrease) in liabilities Mortgage servicing rights liabilities at fair value (2) 2 Excess spread financing at fair value (2) 2 Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate lock commitments (2) 2 Forward MBS trades (5) 5 Treasury futures (21) 21 Total change in liabilities (32) 32 Total, net change (98) 89 
 
 59 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 ,2021 and 2020. 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 ,2021, and 2020 
 66 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 
 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 68 
 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 68 
 3. D i spositions 
 77 
 4. Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities 
 78 
 5. Advances and Other Receivables 
 81 
 6. Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
 82 
 7. Property and Equipment 
 84 
 8. Leases 
 84 
 9. Loans Subject to Repurchase from Ginnie Mae 
 85 
 10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 85 
 11. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 86 
 12. Indebtedness 
 88 
 13. Securitizations and Financings 
 89 
 14. Stockholders Equity and Employee Benefit Plans 
 90 
 15. Earnings per Share 
 91 
 16. Income Taxes 
 93 
 17. Fair Value Measurements 
 94 
 18. Capital Requirements 
 100 
 19. Commitments and Contingencies 
 100 
 20. Segment Information 
 102 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 60 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 61 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Valuation of Forward Mortgage Servicing Rights and the Excess Spread Financing Liability Description of the Matter The estimated fair values of mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) and the excess spread financing liability were 6.7 billion and 0.5 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The excess spread financing liability is accounted for as a secured borrowing whereby the Company sold to third parties the right to receive a portion of excess cash flow generated from various pools of MSRs. As described in Note 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures MSRs and the excess spread financing liability at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value recorded in the statement of operations. Such fair values are based on the present value of future cash flows from servicing the underlying loans. The significant unobservable assumptions used to estimate the fair value of MSRs are prepayment speeds, discount rate, and cost to service. The significant unobservable assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the excess spread financing liability are prepayment speeds and discount rate. Auditing management s estimate of the fair value of MSRs and the excess spread financing liability is complex and required judgment due to the subjectivity of the significant unobservable assumptions utilized in the calculation of the fair value. Changes to any of these assumptions could have a material impact on the fair value of the MSRs and the excess spread financing liability. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over the development of the significant unobservable assumptions and determination of the fair value of MSRs and the excess spread financing liability. This included, among others, testing internal controls over management s review of: 1) historical results and market-based information considered in developing these assumptions; 2) comparing independent fair value ranges and assumptions obtained from third-party valuation firms to the internally developed fair value estimate and assumptions; 3) the completeness and accuracy of data used in determining the assumptions and the fair value estimate. 
 
 To test the fair value of the MSRs and the excess spread financing liability, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the reasonableness of the significant unobservable assumptions and the fair value estimate. We tested the reasonableness of the assumptions by comparing to historical Company results and independent, market-based information. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the assumptions and historical results. We utilized an internal valuation specialist to assist in testing management s assumptions and the fair value estimate and to identify potential sources of corroborating and contrary information. We also compared the significant unobservable assumptions and the fair value estimate developed by management to those from the third-party valuation firms utilized by management and evaluated the competence and objectivity of these firms. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

February 16, 2023 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 62 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (millions of dollars, except share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Mortgage servicing rights at fair value Advances and other receivables, net of reserves of and , respectively 
 Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Unsecured senior notes, net Advance and warehouse facilities, net Payables and other liabilities MSR related liabilities - nonrecourse at fair value Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Common stock at par value - million shares authorized, million shares issued 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Treasury shares at cost - million and million shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Mr. Cooper stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (millions of dollars, except for earnings per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Service related, net Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale Total revenues Expenses: Salaries, wages and benefits General and administrative Total expenses Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expenses), net ) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Less: Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Mr. Cooper Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating stockholders Less: Premium on retirement of preferred stock Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings from continuing operations per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic Diluted Earnings from discontinuing operations per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Earnings per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 64 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (millions of dollars, except share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares (in thousands) Amount Shares (in thousands) Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Shares Amount Total Mr. Cooper Stockholders Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Shares issued / (surrendered) under incentive compensation plan ) ) ) Share-based compensation Cumulative effect adjustments pursuant to the adoption of CECL - related accounting guidance Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Shares issued / (surrendered) under incentive compensation plan ) ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Retirement of preferred stock ) ) ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Shares issued / (surrendered) under incentive compensation plan ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 65 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (millions of dollars) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Less: Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash attributable to operating activities: Deferred tax expense Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Provision for servicing and non-servicing reserves Fair value changes in mortgage servicing rights ) Fair value changes in MSR related liabilities ) ) Depreciation and amortization for property and equipment and intangible assets Gain on sale of business ) Gain on disposition of assets ) Loss (gain) on MSR hedging activities ) Loss on redemption of unsecured senior notes Other operating activities Repurchases of loan assets out of Ginnie Mae securitizations ) ) ) Mortgage loans originated and purchased for sale, net of fees ) ) ) Sales proceeds and loan payment proceeds for mortgage loans held for sale Changes in assets and liabilities: Advances and other receivables ) ) Other assets Payables and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash attributable to operating activities - continuing operations ) Net cash attributable to operating activities - discontinued operations Net cash attributable to operating activities Investing Activities Sale of business, net of cash divested Property and equipment additions, net of disposals ) ) ) Purchase of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Proceeds on sale of servicing rights Other investing activities Net cash attributable to investing activities - continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash attributable to investing activities - discontinued operations Net cash attributable to investing activities ) ) Financing Activities (Decrease) increase in advance and warehouse facilities ) ) Proceeds from issuance of excess spread financing Settlements and repayment of excess spread financing ) ) ) Issuance of unsecured senior debt Redemption and repayment of unsecured senior notes and notes payable ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of preferred stock ) Other financing activities ) ) ) 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 66 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash attributable to financing activities - continuing operations ) ) Net cash attributable to financing activities - discontinued operations ) ) Net cash attributable to financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period (1) 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Activities Cash paid for interest expense Net cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing Activities Equity consideration received from disposition of assets Equity consideration received from sale of business Mortgage servicing rights sales price holdback Purchase of mortgage servicing rights 
 
 (1) 
 Restricted cash Restricted cash within assets of discontinued operations Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 67 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MR. COOPER GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (millions of dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 68 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

69 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 70 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

days and days, and the Company typically sells mortgage loans within days of origination. Changes in fair value subsequent to inception are based on changes in the fair value of the underlying loan, and adjustments for the estimated pull-through rate. Any changes in fair value are recorded in earnings as a component of revenues - net gain on mortgage loans held for sale on the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 71 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 72 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

73 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

months. Any projected remaining balance at the end of the collection period is considered a loss and factors into the overall CECL loss rate required. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 74 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

75 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, and f or the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 76 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million preferred shares authorized at , with shares issued and outstanding and aggregate liquidation preference of dollars. 
 
 Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and any dilutive securities for the period. 

ownership of Sagent, and the sale of certain tangible personal property of the Company used in the conduct of the Mortgage Servicing Platform in exchange for in cash, for total consideration of (the Sagent Transaction ). In connection with the Sagent Transaction, the Company recorded a gain of , which was included in other income, net within the consolidated statements of operations, and recorded transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. The net carrying amount of assets and liabilities transferred in connection with the Sagent Transaction was and reported under Corporate/Other. 
 
 The Company accounted for the equity interest under the equity method of accounting, as the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over Sagent s operating and financial decisions but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control the respective entity. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially stated at cost and subsequently adjusted for additional investments and the Company s proportionate share of Sagent s earnings or losses and distributions. The initial cost of the equity interest recorded was , which represented the fair value as of March 31, 2022. The Company recorded a loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Company's proportionate share of net loss of Sagent. The Company s investment in Sagent was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Sale of Reverse Servicing Portfolio 
 In 2021, the Company completed the sale of its reverse servicing portfolio, operating under Champion Mortgage brand Champion ), to Mortgage Assets Management, LLC and its affiliates MAM for total consideration of . Upon close of the transaction, MAM assumed Champion s reverse portfolio and related operations. The Company recorded total transaction costs of for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities associated with the reverse servicing operation were reported under the Servicing segment. The sale of business represents a strategic shift in the Company s operations. Therefore, the sale of the reverse servicing portfolio qualifies for reporting as discontinued operations, and the related results of operations are reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations for prior periods presented. 
 
 As part of the transaction, the Company entered into a transitional servicing agreement with MAM, under which the Company was compensated for continuing to subservice the reverse loans through the date that the loans were transferred out of Company s servicing system. The transfer of the loans out of the Company s servicing system was completed on April 1, 2022. In addition, the Company retained certain loans, primarily related to previously liquidated loans. As of December 31, 2022, the retained total assets and total liabilities were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the retained total assets and total liabilities were and , respectively. The retained assets and liabilities are included in other assets , and payables and other liabilities , respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 77 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Salaries, wages and benefits expense ) ) General and administrative expense ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Loss on classification as discontinued operations ) Loss from discontinued operations before income tax benefit ) ) Less: Income tax benefit ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) 

Excess spread financing at fair value Mortgage servicing rights financing at fair value MSR related liabilities - nonrecourse at fair value 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 The Company owns and records at fair value the rights to service traditional residential mortgage loans for others either as a result of purchase transactions or from the retained servicing associated with the sales and securitizations of loans originated. MSRs are comprised of servicing rights of both agency and non-agency loans. 
 
 Additions: Servicing retained from mortgage loans sold Purchases of servicing rights Dispositions: Sales of servicing assets ) ) Changes in fair value: Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model (MSR MTM) Changes in valuation due to amortization ) ) Other changes (1) 
 Fair value - end of year 
 
 (1) Amounts primarily represent negative fair values reclassified from the MSR asset to reserves as underlying loans are removed from the MSR and other reclassification adjustments. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 78 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and in unpaid principal balance of MSRs, of which and was retained by the Company as subservicer, respectively. 
 
 MSRs are segregated between investor type into agency and non-agency pools (referred to herein as investor pools based upon contractual servicing agreements with investors at the respective balance sheet date to evaluate the MSR portfolio and fair value of the portfolio. Agency investors primarily consist of Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae or GNMA and the GSEs, Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae or FNMA and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp Freddie Mac or FHLMC ). Non-agency investors consist of investors in private-label securitizations. 
 
 Non-agency Total 
 
 Refer to Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion on key weighted-average inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of MSRs. ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 These hypothetical sensitivities should be evaluated with care. The effect on fair value of an adverse change in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the impact of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value is calculated while holding other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. 
 
 Excess Spread Financing 
 In order to finance the acquisition of certain MSRs on various portfolios, the Company previously entered into sale and assignment agreements with third parties and sold to these entities the right to receive a specified percentage of the excess cash flow generated from the portfolios in excess of a fixed base servicing fee per loan. The Company retains all the base servicing fees, ancillary income and interest float earnings on principal along with interest payments and escrow, and also incurs costs to service the specified pool. The Company is the legal owner and the servicer of the portfolios and provides all servicing and advancing functions. 
 
 In connection with the above transactions, the Company entered into refinanced loan obligations with third parties that require the Company to transfer the new loan or a replacement loan of similar economic characteristics into the respective portfolio if the Company refinances any loan in the portfolio. The new or replacement loan will be governed by the same terms set forth in the sale and assignment agreement described above. 
 
 79 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and , with UPB of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion on key weighted-average inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of excess spread financing. In June 2022, the Company entered into an assignment agreement with an investor to repurchase excess spread liabilities for a total purchase price of . 
 
 December 31, 2021 Excess spread financing 
 
 These hypothetical sensitivities should be evaluated with care. The effect on fair value of an adverse change in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the impact of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value is calculated while holding other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. Also, a positive change in the above assumptions would not necessarily correlate with the corresponding decrease in the net carrying amount of the excess spread financing. Excess spread financing s cash flow assumptions that are utilized in determining fair value are based on the related cash flow assumptions used in the financed MSRs. Any fair value change recognized in the financed MSRs attributable to related cash flows assumptions would inherently have an inverse impact on the carrying amount of the related excess spread financing. 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights Financing 
 The Company had MSR financing liability of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies , for further discussion on MSR financing, and Note 17, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion on key weighted-average inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the MSR financing liability. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 80 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other service-related income - Servicing (1) 
 Incentive and modification income (1) 
 Servicing late fees (1) 
 Mark-to-market adjustments - Servicing (2)(3) 
 ) Amortization, net of accretion (4) 
 ) ) ) Originations service fees (5) 
 Corporate/Xome related service fees Other (6) 
 ) ) ) Total Revenues - Service Related, net 
 
 (1) The Company recognizes revenue on an earned basis for services performed. Amounts include subservicing related revenues. Amounts also include servicing fees from loans sold with servicing retained of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Mark-to-market MTM adjustments - Servicing include fair value adjustments on MSR, excess spread financing and MSR financing liabilities. The amount of MSR MTM includes the impact of negative modeled cash flows which have been transferred to reserves on advances and other receivables. The negative modeled cash flows relate to advances and other receivables associated with i nactive and liquidated loans that are no longer part of the MSR portfolio. The impact of negative modeled cash flows was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) MTM Adjustments - Servicing includes loss of , loss of and gain of from MSR hedging activities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (4) Amortization for the Company is net of excess spread accretion of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (5) Amounts include fees collected from customers for originated loans and from other lenders for loans purchased through the correspondent channel, and includes loan application, underwriting, and other similar fees. 
 (6) Other represents the excess servicing fee that the Company pays to the counterparties under the excess spread financing arrangements, portfolio runoff and the payments made associated with MSR financing arrangements. 

and purchase discount, respectively 
 Receivables from agencies, investors and prior servicers, net o f and purchase discount, respectively 
 Reserves ) ) Total advances and other receivables, net 
 
 The Company, as loan servicer, is contractually responsible to advance funds on behalf of the borrower and investor primarily for loan principal and interest, property taxes, hazard insurance, and foreclosure costs. Advances are primarily recovered through reimbursement from the investor, proceeds from sale of loan collateral, or mortgage insurance claims. Reserves for advances and other receivables on loans transferred out of the MSR portfolio are established within advances and other receivables. 
 
 81 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Provision and other additions (1) 
 Write-offs ) ) Balance - end of year 
 
 (1) The Company recorded a provision of and through the MTM adjustments in revenues - service related, net , in the consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for inactive and liquidated loans that are no longer part of the MSR portfolio. Other additions represent reclassifications of required reserves provisioned within other balance sheet accounts as associated serviced loans become inactive or liquidate. 
 
 Purchase Discount for Advances and Other Receivables 
 Utilization of purchase discounts ) ) ) ) Balance - end of year 
 
 Credit Loss for Advances and Other Receivables 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company added and to the CECL reserve, respectively. In addition, the Company wrote- off and of the CECL reserve during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total CECL reserve was , of which and were recorded in reserves and purchase discount for advances and other receivables, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the total CECL reserve was , of which and were recorded in reserves and purchase discount for advances and other receivables, respectively. 
 
 The Company determined that the credit-related risk associated with applicable financial instruments typically increase with the passage of time. The CECL reserve methodology considers these financial instruments collectible to a point in time o f months. An y projected remaining balance at the end of the collection period is considered a loss and factors into the overall CECL loss rate required. 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 82 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Mark-to-market adjustment (1) 
 ) Total mortgage loans held for sale 
 
 (1) The mark-to-market adjustment includes net change in unrealized gain/loss, premium on correspondent loans and fees on direct-to-consumer loans. The mark-to-market adjustment is recorded in revenues - net gain on mortgage loans held for sale in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The following table sets forth the activities of mortgage loans held for sale: 
 Year Ended December 31, Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 2022 2021 Balance - beginning of year Loans sold ) ) Mortgage loans originated and purchased, net of fees Repurchase of loans out of Ginnie Mae securitizations (1) 
 Net change in unrealized (loss) on retained loans held for sale ) ) Net transfers of mortgage loans held for sale (2) 
 ) Balance - end of year 
 
 (1) The Company has the right to repurchase any individual loan in a Ginnie Mae securitization pool if that loan meets certain criteria, including being delinquent greater than 90 days. The majority of Ginnie Mae repurchased loans are repurchased in connection with loan modifications and loan resolution activity, with the intent to re-pool into new Ginnie Mae securitizations upon re-performance of the loan or to otherwise sell to third-party investors. Therefore, these loans are classified as held for sale. 
 (2) Amount reflects transfers to other assets for loans transitioning into REO status and transfers to advances and other receivables, net, for claims made on certain government insurance mortgage loans. Transfers out are net of transfers in upon receipt of proceeds from an REO sale or claim filing. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received proceeds of and , respectively, on the sale of mortgage loans held for sale, resulting in loss o f a nd gain o f , re spectively. 
 
 The Company accrues interest income as earned and places loans on non-accrual status after any portion of principal or interest has been delinquent for more than 90 days. Accrued interest is recorded as interest income in the consolidated statements of operations. 

(1) Non-accrual includes and of UPB related to Ginnie Mae repurchased loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The total UPB of mortgage loans held for sale for which the Company has begun formal foreclosure proceedings w as a nd as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

83 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years 
 Capitalized software costs - years 
 Software in development and other Leasehold improvements - years 
 Long-term finance leases - computer equipment - years 
 Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense on property and equipment of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has entered into various lease agreements for computer equipment, which are classified as finance leases. See Note 8, Leases , for more information. 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

to years. Certain lease arrangements contain extension options, which typically range from to years, at the then fair market rental rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating lease ROU assets were and , respectively, and liabilities were and , respectively, which were included in other assets , and payables and other liabilities , respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not currently have any significant finance leases in which it is the lessee. 
 
 Sublease income ) ) Total net lease cost 
 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases, in years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 84 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in both other assets and payables and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included and , respectively, of l oans in forbearance related to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed a quantitative assessment of its three reporting units (Servicing, Originations and Xome) and determined that impairment of goodwill existed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, , and of the goodwill is associated with the Servicing, Originations and Xome reporting units, respectively. The goodwill associated with the Xome reporting unit is included in Corporate/Other. Goodwill is recorded in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) Technology ) Trade name ) Total intangible assets ) 
 85 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Technology (1) 
 ) Trade name ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 (1) Technology intangible assets net carrying amount as of December 31, 2021 is less than 1. 
 
 Intangible assets are recorded in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized and of amortization expense related to intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to record amortization expense for existing amortizable intangible assets of in the year ending December 31, 2023, and for each of the years ending December 31, 2024 to 2027. impairment on intangible assets was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

) Derivative financial instruments IRLCs 2023 ) LPCs 2023 ) Treasury futures 2023 Forward MBS trades 2023 Total derivative financial instruments - assets Liabilities Derivative financial instruments IRLCs 2023 LPCs 2023 Forward MBS trades 2023 ) Treasury futures 2023 ) Total derivative financial instruments - liabilities ) 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 86 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Derivative financial instruments IRLCs 2022 ) LPCs 2022 ) Forward MBS trades 2022 Total derivative financial instruments - assets ) Liabilities Derivative financial instruments IRLCs 2022 LPCs 2022 ) Forward MBS trades 2022 ) Treasury futures 2022 ) Swap futures 2022 ) Total derivative financial instruments - liabilities ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company held and in collateral deposits and collateral obligations on derivative instruments, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held in collateral deposits on derivative instruments. Collateral deposits and collateral obligations are recorded in other assets and payables and other liabilities , respectively, on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments with amounts collected or deposited on derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets. 

87 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 350 advance facility (1) 
 January 2024 Servicing advance receivables 350 advance facility (2) 
 November 2024 Servicing advance receivables 75 advance facility December 2023 Servicing advance receivables Advance facilities principal amount Warehouse Facilities 1,500 Warehouse Facility June 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 1,500 Warehouse Facility June 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 750 Warehouse Facility October 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 750 Warehouse Facility (3) 
 October 2022 Mortgage loans or MBS 500 Warehouse Facility (4) 
 September 2024 Mortgage loans or MBS 500 Warehouse Facility June 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 500 Warehouse Facility August 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 450 Warehouse Facility April 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 300 Warehouse Facility August 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 250 Warehouse Facility April 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 200 Warehouse Facility April 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 200 Warehouse Facility June 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 125 Warehouse Facility December 2023 Mortgage loans or MBS 30 Warehouse Facility (5) 
 January 2022 Mortgage loans or MBS Warehouse facilities principal amount MSR Facilities 1,050 Warehouse Facility (2) 
 November 2024 MSR 600 Warehouse Facility April 2023 MSR 500 Warehouse Facility (4) 
 September 2024 MSR 500 Warehouse Facility June 2024 MSR 50 Warehouse Facility November 2023 MSR MSR facilities principal amount Advance, warehouse and MSR facilities principal amount Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total advance and warehouse facilities, net 
 
 . 
 (2) Total capacity for this facility is , of which and are internally allocated for advance financing and MSR financing, respectively; capacity is fully fungible and is not restricted by these allocations. 
 (3) This facility was terminated in October 2022. 
 (4) The capacity amount for this facility is , of which is a sublimit for MSR financing. 
 (5) This facility was terminated in January 2022. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate for advance facilities was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average interest rate for warehouse and MSR facilities was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 88 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 face value, interest rate payable semi-annually, due August 2028 
 face value, interest rate payable semi-annually, due December 2030 
 face value, interest rate payable semi-annually, due January 2027 
 face value, interest rate payable semi-annually, due November 2031 
 Unsecured senior notes principal amount Unamortized debt issuance costs and discount, net of premium ) ) Unsecured senior notes, net 
 
 The ratios included in the indentures for the unsecured senior notes are incurrence-based compared to the customary ratio covenants that are often found in credit agreements that require a company to maintain a certain ratio. The incurrence-based covenants limit the issuer(s) and restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, make certain investments, create liens, consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of their assets or enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The indentures contain certain events of default, including (subject, in some cases, to customary cure periods and materiality thresholds) defaults based on (i) the failure to make payments under the applicable indenture when due, (ii) breach of covenants, (iii) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, (iv) certain bankruptcy or insolvency events, (v) material judgments and (vi) invalidity of material guarantees. 
 
 The indentures provide that on or before certain fixed dates, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the unsecured senior notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at fixed redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, to the redemption dates, subject to compliance with certain conditions. In addition, the Company may redeem all or a portion of the unsecured senior notes at any time on or after certain fixed dates at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indentures plus accrued and unpaid interest, to the redemption dates. notes were repurchased or redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2027 Thereafter Total unsecured senior notes principal amount 
 
 Financial Covenants 

89 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Advances and other receivables, net Total assets Liabilities Advance facilities (1) 
 Payables and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 (1) Refer to advance facilities in Note 12, Indebtedness , for additional information. 
 
 The following table shows a summary of the outstanding collateral and certificate balances for securitization trusts for which the Company was the transferor, including any retained beneficial interests and MSRs, that were not consolidated by the Company: 
 Unconsolidated Securitization Trusts December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total collateral balances - UPB Total certificate balances 
 
 The Company has not retained any variable interests in the unconsolidated securitization trusts that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and therefore does not have a significant maximum exposure to loss related to these unconsolidated VIEs. 

anniversaries of the awards, provided that the participant remains continuously employed with the Company during that time. If the participant s employment has terminated by reason of retirement, or upon death or disability, the unvested shares of an award will vest. The stock awards for non-employee directors generally vest the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the grant date or (b) the date of the next annual stockholders meeting following the grant date. In addition, upon death or disability, the unvested shares of an award will vest. Any forfeiture of restricted stock awards before vesting has been achieved, results in a reduction in the balance of outstanding common shares. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 90 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million PSUs (the 2020 PSUs ), million PSUs (the 2021 PSUs ), and million PSUs (the 2022 PSUs ), respectively . The 2020, 2021 and 2022 PSUs are eligible to vest and be settled into shares of common stock in an amount between and of a target award based on achievement of total shareholder return performance vesting criteria over a period of beginning March 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, with one-third of the units also eligible to vest based on performance through March 1, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Share-based awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company recorde d , and of expenses related to share-based awards during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense totaled related to non-vested stock award payments that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 The Company is eligible to receive a tax benefit when the vesting date fair value of an award exceeds the value used to recognize compensation expense at the date of grant. The excess tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized by the Company was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The excess tax deficiency resulting from tax deductions exceeding the compensation cost recognized by the Company was for the year ended December 31, 2020 . 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 of participant contributions up to of their total eligible annual base compensation and matches of contributions for the next of each participant s total eligible annual base compensation. Matching contributions by the Company totaled and 

million shares of its common stock from affiliates of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P., KKR a related party of the Company. In addition, in August 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of its Series A Preferred Stock from affiliates of KKR. After giving effect to the transaction, KKR no longer held any equity interests in the Company. 
 
 91 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Less: Undistributed earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating stockholders Less: Premium on retirement of preferred stock Net income from continuing operations attributable to Mr. Cooper common stockholders Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) Less: Undistributed earnings from discontinued operations attributable to participating stockholders Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to Mr. Cooper common stockholders ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Mr. Cooper Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating stockholders Less: Premium on retirement of preferred stock Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings from continuing operations per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic Diluted Earnings from discontinued operations per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Earnings per common share attributable to Mr. Cooper: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding (in thousands): Basic Dilutive effect of stock awards Dilutive effect of participating securities Diluted 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 92 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements ) State Total current income taxes Deferred Income Taxes Federal State ) ) Total deferred income taxes Total income tax expense 
 
 The provision for income taxes for 2021 and 2020 does not reflect the tax effects of the sale of the Company s reverse servicing portfolio reported as discontinued operations. 
 
 Effect of: State taxes, net of federal benefit Deferred adjustments ) ) ) ) Nondeductible items Other, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the effective tax rate differed from the statutory tax rate primarily due to state tax adjustments and permanent differences such as nondeductible executive compensation and nondeductible penalties. 
 
 The Company has federal NOL carryforwards (pre-tax) of approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company believes it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized prior to their expiration except for certain federal 382 limited NOLs that begin to expire with the 2026 tax year, if unused, and immaterial state NOL carryforwards that begin to expire with the 2022 tax year, if unused. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a federal valuation allowance of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to these NOL carryforwards. The state valuation allowance was as of December 31, 2022. The Company recorded a state valuation allowance of as of December 31, 2021. The Company does not expect any future tax loss limitations under Sections 382 and 384 that would impact its utilization of remaining federal NOL carryforwards. 
 
 93 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Loss carryforwards (federal, state capital) Loss reserves Lease liability Accruals Other, net Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities MSR amortization and mark-to-market, net ) ) Gain/loss on assets, net ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Depreciation and amortization, net ) ) Prepaid assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 The Company elected to account for the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI tax expense in the period in which it is incurred. As a result, no deferred tax impact of GILTI has been provided in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and numerous U.S. state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state income tax examinations for tax years prior to 2019. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits recorded related to uncertain tax positions. 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 94 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

95 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 96 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Mortgage servicing rights Equity investments Derivative financial instruments: IRLCs Forward MBS trades LPCs Liabilities Derivative financial instruments: Forward MBS trades LPCs Treasury futures Mortgage servicing rights financing Excess spread financing 
 
 December 31, 2021 Total Fair Value Recurring Fair Value Measurements Fair Value - Recurring Basis Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights Equity investments Derivative financial instruments: IRLCs Forward MBS trades LPCs Liabilities Derivative financial instruments: Forward MBS trades LPCs Swap futures Mortgage servicing rights financing Excess spread financing 
 
 97 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Changes in fair value included in earnings ) ) ) Purchases/additions (1) 
 Issuances Sales/dispositions (1) 
 ) ) Repayments ) ) Settlements ) Other changes ) Balance - end of year 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Assets Liabilities Fair Value - Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Mortgage servicing rights Equity investments IRLCs LPCs Excess spread financing Mortgage servicing rights financing Balance - beginning of year Changes in fair value included in earnings ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases Equity consideration received Issuances Sales ) Repayments ) Settlements ) Other changes Balance - end of year 

The Company had LPCs liabilities of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an immaterial change in LPCs liabilities. 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 98 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Prepayment speed Cost to service per loan (2) 
 Average life (3) 
 years years Mortgage loans held for sale Market pricing N/A N/A N/A IRLCs Value of servicing (reflected as a percentage of loan commitment) ) ) Excess spread financing Discount rate Prepayment speed Average life (3) 
 years years Mortgage servicing rights financing Advance financing and counterparty fee rates Annual advance recovery rates 
 
 (1) The inputs are weighted by investor. 
 (2) Presented in whole dollar amounts. 

Restricted cash Advances and other receivables, net Loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae Financial liabilities Unsecured senior notes, net Advance and warehouse facilities, net Liability for loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae 
 99 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Restricted cash Advances and other receivables, net Loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae Financial liabilities Unsecured senior notes, net Advance and warehouse facilities, net Liability for loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 100 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was included in expenses - general and administrative on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 For matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible in future periods, whether in excess of a related accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability, the Company may be able to estimate a range of possible loss. In determining whether it is possible to provide an estimate of loss or range of possible loss, the Company reviews and evaluates its material legal matters on an ongoing basis, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter. Management currently believes the aggregate range of reasonably possible loss is to in excess of the accrued liability (if any) related to those matters as of December 31, 2022. This estimated range of possible loss i s based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, numerous assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary substantially from the current estimate. Those matters for which an estimate is not possible are not included within the estimated range. Therefore, this estimated range of possible loss represents what management believes to be an estimate of possible loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria. It does not represent the Company s maximum loss exposure and the Company cannot provide assurance that its litigations reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future. Thus, the Company s exposure and ultimate losses may be higher, possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued or this aggregate amount. 
 
 101 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 102 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , which was included in other income, net within the consolidated statements of operations and reported under Corporate/Other. Refer to Note 3, Dispositions, for further details. 
 
 Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale ) Total revenues Total expenses Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net Total other (expenses) income, net ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization for property and equipment and intangible assets from continuing operations Total assets 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Financial Information by Segment Servicing Originations Corporate/ Other Consolidated Revenues Service related, net Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale Total revenues Total expenses Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net Total other (expenses) income, net ) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Depreciation and amortization for property and equipment and intangible assets from continuing operations Total assets 
 
 103 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale Total revenues Total expenses Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other (expenses) income, net ) ) Total other (expenses) income, net ) ) ) (Loss) income from continuing operations before income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Depreciation and amortization for property and equipment and intangible assets from continuing operations Total assets 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 104 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated 2013 Framework. A control system, no matter how well conceived, implemented and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. Because of such inherent limitations, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 Based on our assessment and those criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as stated in their report, dated February 16, 2023, which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

105 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Mr. Cooper Group Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 16, 2023 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 106 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 Our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the notes thereto, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firm on those consolidated financial statements are filed within Item 8 in Part II as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 No financial statement schedules are presented since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 The exhibits to this report are listed in the index to exhibits below. 
 
 107 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1+ Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and among Title365 Holding Co., Xome Holdings LLC, Blend Labs, Inc. and solely for the purposes set forth therein, the Company 
 8-K 001-14667 2.1 03/15/2021 2.2+ Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among Nationstar Mortgage LLC, Sagent M C, LLC and solely for the purposes set forth therein, Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 8-K 001-14667 2.1 02/11/2022 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended . 
 8-K 001-14667 3.1 10/10/2018 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 10-Q 001-14667 3.2 11/09/2018 4.1 Form of Stock Certificate 
 10-Q 001-14667 4.1 11/01/2019 4.2 Description of Common Stock 
 X 4.3 Indenture, dated as of January 16, 2020, among Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. as Issuer, the Company as Parent Guarantor, the guarantors thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Trustee 
 10-K 001-14667 4.14 02/28/2020 4.4 Indenture, dated as of August 6, 2020, among Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. as Issuer, the Company as Parent Guarantor, the guarantors thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Trustee 
 8-K 001-14667 4.1 08/06/2020 4.5 Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. as Issuer, the Company as Parent Guarantor, the guarantors thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Trustee 
 8-K 001-14667 4.1 12/04/2020 4.6 Indenture, dated as of November 4, 2021, among Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. as Issuer, the Company as Parent Guarantor, the guarantors thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee 
 8-K 001-14667 4.1 11/04/2021 10.1 Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.18 03/15/2013 10.2 Amendment Number One, dated February 29, 2012, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.19 03/15/2013 10.3 Amendment Number Two, dated August 28, 2012, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 25, 2011, among Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.20 03/15/2013 10.4 Amendment Number Three, dated December 24, 2012, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 25, 2012, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.21 03/15/2013 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 108 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.5 Amendment Number Four, dated July 18, 2013, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.11 11/14/2013 10.6 Amendment Number Five, dated July 24, 2013, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.12 11/14/2013 10.7 Amendment Number Six, dated September 20, 2013, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.13 11/14/2013 10.8 Amendment Number Seven, dated August 21, 2014, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011 between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.3 11/07/2014 10.9 Amendment Number Eight, dated October 20, 2014, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.4 11/07/2014 10.10 Amendment Number Nine, dated October 19, 2015, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.28 03/01/2016 10.11 Amendment Number Ten, dated October 17, 2016, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.17 03/09/2017 10.12 Amendment Number Eleven, dated October 31, 2016, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.18 03/09/2017 10.13 Amendment Number Twelve, dated October 30, 2017, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-35449 10.18 03/02/2018 10.14 Amendment Number Thirteen, dated March 22, 2018, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.1 05/10/2018 10.15 Amendment Number Fourteen, dated October 24, 2018, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-14667 10.17 03/11/2019 10.16 Amendment Number Fifteen, dated November 20, 2018, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-K 001-14667 10.18 03/11/2019 
 109 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.17 Amendment Number Sixteen, dated January 28, 2019, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 05/08/2019 10.18 Amendment Number Seventeen, dated March 29, 2019, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 05/08/2019 10.19 Amendment Number Eighteen, dated April 3, 2019, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011, between Barclays Bank PLC and Nationstar Mortgage LLC 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 08/02/2019 10.20 Amendment Number Nineteen, dated March 30, 2020, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011 between Barclays Bank PLC, as Agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as Seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.22 02/23/2021 10.21 Amendment Number Twenty, dated September 11, 2020, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011 between Barclays Bank PLC, as Agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as Seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 10/29/2020 10.22 Amendment Number Twenty-One, dated December 18, 2020, to the Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2011 between Barclays Bank PLC, as Agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as Seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.24 02/23/2021 10.23 Amended and Restated Receivables Pooling Agreement, dated January 31, 2013, between Nationstar Agency Advance Funding LLC (depositor) and Nationstar Agency Advance Funding Trust (issuer) 
 8-K 001-35449 10.5 02/06/2013 10.24 Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated January 31, 2013, between Nationstar Mortgage LLC (receivables seller and servicer) and Nationstar Agency Advance Funding LLC (depositor) 
 8-K 001-35449 10.6 02/06/2013 10.25 Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated January 29, 2016, between Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, Sutton Funding LLC, as purchaser, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.1 05/05/2016 10.26 Amendment Number One dated as of June 24, 2016 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, Sutton Funding LLC, as a purchaser, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.2 08/09/2016 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.27 Amendment Number Two dated as of October 17, 2016 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, Sutton Funding LLC, as a purchaser, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-35449 10.21 03/09/2017 10.28 Amendment Number Three dated as of October 31, 2016 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, Sutton Funding LLC, as a purchaser, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-35449 10.22 03/09/2017 10.29 Amendment Number Four dated as of October 30, 2017 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, Sutton Funding LLC, as a purchaser, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-35449 10.23 03/02/2018 10.30 Amendment Number Five dated as of March 22, 2018 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.2 05/10/2018 10.31 Amendment Number Six dated as of May 29, 2018 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.1 08/03/2018 10.32 Amendment Number Seven dated as of October 24, 2018 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.26 03/11/2019 10.33 Amendment Number Eight dated as of November 20, 2018 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.27 03/11/2019 10.34 Amendment Number Nine dated as of January 28, 2019 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 05/08/2019 10.35 Amendment Number Ten dated as of March 29, 2019 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.4 05/08/2019 
 111 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.36 Amendment Number Eleven, dated as of April 3, 2019 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated January 29, 2016, among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 08/02/2019 10.37 Amendment Number Twelve dated as of October 25, 2019 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated January 29, 2016 among Barclays Bank PLC, as purchaser and agent, and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.34 02/28/2020 10.38 Amendment Number Thirteen dated March 30, 2020 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 04/30/2020 10.39 Amendment Number Fourteen dated September 11, 2020 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 10/29/2020 10.40 Amendment Number Fifteen dated October 26, 2020 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.40 02/23/2021 10.41 Amendment Number Sixteen dated December 18, 2020 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-K 001-14667 10.41 02/23/2021 10.42 Amendment Number Seventeen dated July 9, 2021 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 10/28/2021 10.43 Amendment Number Eighteen dated September 30, 2021 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 10/28/2021 10.44 Amendment Number Nineteen dated June 3, 2022 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.7 07/27/2022 10.45 Amendment Number Twenty dated September 30, 2022 to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 between Barclays Bank PLC, as agent and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 10/26/2022 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 112 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.46 Mortgage Loan Participation Sale Agreement dated as of August 30, 2016 between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as purchaser and Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as seller, conformed through Amendment No. 7 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 07/27/2022 10.47 Omnibus Amendment, Consent and Acknowledgment Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2019 to Mortgage Loan Participation Sale Agreement dated as of August 30, 2016 by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Purchaser and Nationstar Mortgage LLC (successor by merger to Pacific Union Financial, LLC), as seller 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 07/27/2022 10.48 Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of May 17, 2019 among Nationstar Sub 1J LLC and Nationstar REO Sub 1J LLC, as seller parties, Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as guarantor and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as buyer, conformed through Amendment No. 9 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 07/27/2022 10.49 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 20, 2020 among Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as borrower, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as initial lender and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC, as administrative agent 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.4 07/27/2022 10.50 Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 17, 2021 to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 20, 2020 among Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as borrower, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as initial lender and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC, as administrative agent 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.5 07/27/2022 10.51 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2022 to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 20, 2020 among Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as borrower, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as lender and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC, as administrative agent 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 10/26/2022 10.52 Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, entered into as of August 31, 2020 by and between Bank of America, N.A., as buyer and Nationstar Participation Sub 1BM LLC, as seller, and acknowledged, guaranteed and agreed to by Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as guarantor or pledgor 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.6 07/27/2022 10.53 Conformed Amendments through Amendment Number 3, dated August 12, 2022, to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, entered into as of August 31, 2020 by and between Bank of America, N.A., as buyer and Nationstar Participation Sub 1BM LLC, as seller, and acknowledged, guaranteed and agreed to by Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as guarantor or pledgor 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 10/26/2022 
 113 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.54 Amendment Number 4, dated October 21, 2022, to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, entered into as of August 31, 2020 by and between Bank of America, N.A., as buyer and Nationstar Participation Sub 1BM LLC, as seller, and acknowledged, guaranteed and agreed to by Nationstar Mortgage LLC, as guarantor or pledgor 
 X 10.55 Offer Letter, dated as of December 11, 2018 by and between the Company and Christopher Marshall 
 8-K 001-14667 10.1 12/12/2018 10.56 Offer Letter and Acceptance, dated January 15, 2020, between the Company and Mike Rawls 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 10/29/2020 10.57 Offer Letter and Acceptance, dated February 12, 2021, between the Company and Kurt Johnson 
 X 10.58 Offer Letter and Acceptance, dated as of April 21, 2022 by and between the Company and Jaime Gow 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.4 04/28/2022 10.59 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 8-K 001-35449 10.1 05/12/2016 10.60 Amendment to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 8-K 001-14667 10.2 08/01/2018 10.61 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees under the Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 001-35449 10.5 05/07/2015 10.62 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-231552 99.1 05/16/2019 10.63 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement-Employees 
 8-K 001-14667 10.2 05/17/2019 10.64 Form of 2022 Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement-Employee (No Retirement Provision) 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 04/28/2022 10.65 Form of 2022 Performance Stock Unit Agreement Employee (Standard Retirement Provision) 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 04/28/2022 10.66 Form of 2022 Performance Stock Unit Agreement Employee (Special Retirement Provision) 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.3 04/28/2022 10.67 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement-Non-Employee Directors 
 8-K 001-14667 10.3 05/17/2019 10.68 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement - Employee 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.1 04/29/2021 10.69 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement - Special Retirement Provisions 
 10-Q 001-14667 10.2 04/29/2021 10.70 Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and officers 
 8-K 001-14667 10.1 05/13/2015 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 X 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 114 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101.) X 
 + The schedules and other attachments referenced in this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or attachment will be furnished supplementary to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

115 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Jay Bray 
 Jay Bray 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 16, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Jay Bray February 16, 2023 Jay Bray, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jaime Gow February 16, 2023 Jaime Gow, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Elizabeth Burr February 16, 2023 Elizabeth Burr, Director /s/ Roy A. Guthrie February 16, 2023 Roy A. Guthrie, Director /s/ Daniela Jorge February 16, 2023 Daniela Jorge, Director /s/ Michael D. Malone February 16, 2023 Michael D. Malone, Director /s/ Shveta Mujumdar February 16, 2023 Shveta Mujumdar, Director /s/ Tagar C. Olson February 16, 2023 Tagar C. Olson, Director /s/ Steven D. Scheiwe February 16, 2023 Steven D. Scheiwe, Director 
 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. - 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 116 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 a2022-qx4xexhibit42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. s common stock is a summary. This summary is subject to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the complete text of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to its Annual Report on Form 10-K. We encourage you to read that law and those documents carefully. 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our Board of Directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. As of February __, 2023, __,___,___ shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of our Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. 
 
 The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series in any manner permitted by law and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors and stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for its issuance, prior to the issuance of any shares. The Board of Directors shall have the authority by resolution to fix and determine, subject to these provisions, the designation of each series, the number of shares of each series, and the powers (including voting powers), preferences, and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and to amend the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock that is wholly unissued. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the resolution establishing any series, the Board of Directors shall further have the authority, after the issuance of shares of a series whose number it has designated, by resolution to increase or decrease the number of shares of that series, but any decrease shall not be below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 
 
 Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote on all matters properly presented at a meeting of shareholders. Except as otherwise provided by law, the holders of Common Stock vote as one class. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of shares of Common Stock will not be entitled to vote on certain amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation that amend, modify or alter the terms of certain series of preferred stock, if the series excludes the right to vote on such amendments. Holders of Common Stock may not cumulate their votes in the election of directors, and are entitled to share equally in the Common Stock dividends that may be declared by our Board of Directors, but only subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock. 
 
 The number of directors that constitute the entire Board of Directors shall not be more than eleven, and the Board of Directors currently consists of eight directors. 
 
 Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Common Stock share ratably in the assets remaining after payments to creditors. 
 
 There are no preemptive or other subscription rights, conversion rights or redemption or scheduled installment payment provisions relating to shares of Common Stock. All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 The affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and the issued and outstanding shares of 

preferred stock, if any, entitled to vote generally with the Common Stock on all matters on which the holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote, voting together as a class, is required to adopt any provision inconsistent with, or to amend or repeal any provision of, Articles X (Liability of Directors Indemnification), XI (Amendment) or XII (Business Opportunities), of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Article VIII of the Certificate of Incorporation provides that, without the approval of our Board of Directors, (i) no person (or group of persons treated as a single entity under Treasury Regulation Section 1.382-3) will be permitted to acquire, whether directly or indirectly, and whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any of our stock or any other instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382, to the extent that after giving effect to such purported acquisition (a) the purported acquirer or any other person by reason of the purported acquirer s acquisition would become a Substantial Holder (as defined below), or (b) the percentage stock ownership of a person that, prior to giving effect to the purported acquisition, is already a Substantial Holder would be increased and (ii) no Substantial Holder may dispose, directly or indirectly, of any class of our stock or any other instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382. A Substantial Holder is a person that owns (as determined for purposes of Section 382) at least 4.75 percent of the total value of our stock, including any instrument treated as stock for purposes of Section 382. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.54>
 3
 a2022-qx4xexhibit1054.htm
 EX-10.54

Document 

Exhibit 10.54 

AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR 
 to the 
 Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement Dated as of August 31, 2020 
 between 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 and 
 NATIONSTAR PARTICIPATION SUB 1BM LLC 
 and acknowledged and agreed to by NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LLC 

This AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR (this Amendment is made as of this 21st day of October, 2022, by and among Bank of America, N.A. Buyer ), Nationstar Participation Sub 1BM LLC Seller and Nationstar Mortgage LLC Guarantor to that certain Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), between Seller and Buyer and acknowledged and agreed to by Guarantor, as guarantor and pledgor. 
 
 WHEREAS, Buyer, Seller and Guarantor have previously entered into the Agreement pursuant to which Buyer may, from time to time, purchase certain participation interests from Seller and Seller agrees to sell certain participation interests to Buyer under a master repurchase facility and 
 
 WHEREAS, Buyer, Seller and Guarantor hereby agree that the Agreement shall be amended as more fully provided herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and for the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments . Effective as of the date hereof, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 
 (a) Agreement to Enter into Transactions . Section 2.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing it with the following 
 
 2.1 Agreement to Enter into Transactions . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and provided that no Event of Default, Event of Early Termination or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, Buyer shall, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, enter into Transactions with Seller provided, however, that (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Purchase Price as of any date shall not exceed the Aggregate Transaction Limit and (b) the Aggregate Outstanding Purchase Price for any Type of Transaction shall not exceed the applicable Type Sublimit. Buyer shall have the obligation to enter into Transactions with an Aggregate Outstanding Purchase Price equal to or less than the Committed Amount, and Buyer shall have no obligation to enter into Transactions with respect to the Uncommitted Amount. All purchases of Participation Interests shall be first deemed committed up to the Committed Amount and then the remainder, if any, shall be deemed uncommitted up the Uncommitted Amount provided however that Transactions, the subject of which are eMortgage Loans, shall be entered into solely on an uncommitted basis and shall be attributed to the Uncommitted Amount. Seller may request 
 
 Transactions in excess of the Aggregate Transaction Limit and Buyer may, from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion, consent to a Temporary Increase of the Aggregate Transaction Limit in accordance with Section 2.10 . 

(b) Dry Mortgage Loans . Section 3.3(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing it with the following 
 
 3.1 (a) Dry Mortgage Loans . Prior to any Transaction the subject of which is a Purchased Asset related to a Dry Mortgage Loan (including eMortgage Loans and any Dry Mortgage Loan that is a Certified Mortgage Loan), Nationstar Parties shall deliver to Buyer or its Custodian, or authorize and direct the Closing Agent to deliver to Buyer or its Custodian, the related Mortgage Loan Documents in accordance with and pursuant to the terms of Section 7.2 hereof and the Custodial Agreement (if any) provided that, with respect to 
 
 (1) any eMortgage Loan that is not a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, Nationstar Parties shall deliver to Custodian each of Buyer s and Guarantor s MERS Org ID, and shall cause, in each case using MERS eDelivery and the MERS eRegistry (i) the Authoritative Copy of the related eNote to be delivered to the eVault via a secure electronic file, (ii) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the related eNote to be transferred to Buyer, (iii) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the related eNote to reflect the MERS Org ID of Guarantor from that of Buyer s MERS Org ID and the eNote Secured Party status of the related eNote to reflect the MERS Org ID of Ginnie Mae, (iv) the Location status of the related eNote to be transferred to Custodian, (v) the Master Servicer Field status of the related eNote shall reflect the MERS Org ID of the Guarantor, (vi) the Subservicer Field status of the related eNote to be (x) if there is a third-party subservicer, such subservicer s MERS Org ID or (y) if there is not a subservicer, blank, (vii) the Delegatee status of the eNote 
 (x) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, reflects Custodian s MERS Org ID and (y) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, is blank and 
 
 (2) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, Nationstar Parties shall (i) deliver to Custodian each of Buyer s and Guarantor s MERS Org IDs (ii) deliver to Buyer copies of the related master bailee letters, including the applicable wire instructions, and (iii) shall cause, in each case, using MERS eDelivery and the MERS eRegistry, (a) the Authoritative Copy of the related eNote to be delivered to the eVault via a secure electronic file, (b) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the related eNote to be transferred to (x) on or immediately prior to the Purchase Date, Guarantor, and (y) by the Controller Status Transfer Deadline, Buyer (c) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the related eNote to have changed to the MERS Org ID of Guarantor from that of Buyer s MERS Org ID and the eNote Secured Party status of the related eNote to have changed to the MERS Org ID of Ginnie Mae, (d) the Location status of the related eNote to be transferred to Custodian, (e) the Master Servicer Field status of the related eNote shall reflect the MERS Org ID of Guarantor, (f) the Subservicer Field status of the related eNote on the MERS eRegistry to be (x) if there is a third-party subservicer, such subservicer s MERS Org ID or (y) if there is not a subservicer, blank and (g) the Delegatee status of the eNote (x) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, is either blank or reflects Custodian s MERS Org ID and (y) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, is blank (collectively, the eNote Delivery Requirements ). 
 
 (c) Repurchase Price. Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing it with the following 

4.1 (b) Effect of Payment of Repurchase Price . On the Repurchase Date (or such other date on which the Repurchase Price is received in full by Buyer), termination of the related Transaction will be effected by the repurchase by Seller or its designee of the Purchased Assets (and release of the related Underlying Assets) and the simultaneous transfer of the Repurchase Price to an account of Buyer, or transfer to Buyer of additional Participation Interests related to Additional Underlying Assets (in each case subject to the provisions of Section 6.5), and all of Buyer s rights, title and interests therein shall then be conveyed to Seller or its designee provided that, Buyer shall not be deemed to have terminated or conveyed its interests in such Purchased Assets or related Underlying Assets if an Event of Default shall then be continuing or shall be caused by such repurchase or if such repurchase gives rise to or perpetuates a Margin Deficit that is not satisfied in accordance with Section 6.3(b). Nationstar Parties are obligated to obtain the Mortgage Loan Documents from Custodian at Guarantor s expense on the Repurchase Date. With respect to any eMortgage Loan, upon receipt of the related Repurchase Price by Buyer, Buyer shall initiate a Transfer of Control and Location of the eNotes and Delegatee status with respect thereto as may be directed by Nationstar Parties. 
 
 (d) Conditions Precedent. Article 7 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the and at the end of Section 7.2(p), adding and at the end of Section 7.2(q), deleting the final paragraph of Section 7.2 and adding the following language directly following Section 7.2(q) 
 
 (r) With respect to an eNote that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, Buyer shall have received a copy of the applicable eNote Control Transfer and Custodial Agreement. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that the foregoing conditions may be satisfied with respect to any Transaction request, the Buyer shall be under no obligation to enter into any Transaction with respect to the Uncommitted Amount including, without limitation, Transactions the subject of which are eMortgage Loans and whether the Buyer enters into any Transaction with respect to the Uncommitted Amount shall be at the discretion of Buyer. 
 
 (e) Remote Online Notarization. Article 9 of the Agreement is hereby amended by 
 
 (i) deleting the and at the end of Section 9.3(q), adding and at the end of Section 9.3(s) and inserting the following clause (s) immediately following Section 9.3(r) 
 
 9.3 (s) any Control Failure or eNote Secured Party Failure with respect to a Purchased Mortgage Loan that is an eMortgage Loan or any eNote Replacement Failure. 
 
 (ii) inserting the following sections immediately after Section 9.19 
 
 9.1 MERS eRegistry . Nationstar Parties are members of the MERS eRegistry in good standing, shall maintain membership in the MERS eRegistry at all times and, with respect to each eMortgage Loan, shall comply in all material respects with all rules and procedures of MERS in connection with the maintenance of the related eNotes on the MERS eRegistry. 
 
 9.2 Remote Online Notarization . With respect to each Mortgage Loan that was originated using remote online notarization, upon Buyer s request, Nationstar Parties shall provide Buyer with a copy of any recordings of such remote online notarizations if such documentation is recorded, and ensure that any such recordings will be transferred to, or available for access by, Buyer or its designees upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder. 
 
 (f) Confidentiality . Section 14.18 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing it with the following 

14.18 Confidential Information . To effectuate this Agreement, Buyer and Nationstar Parties may disclose to each other certain confidential information relating to the parties operations, computer systems, technical data, business methods, and other information designated by the disclosing party or its agent to be confidential, or that should be considered confidential in nature by a reasonable person given the nature of the information and the circumstances of its disclosure (collectively the Confidential Information ). Confidential Information can consist of information that is either oral or written or both, and may include, without limitation, any of the following (i) any reports, information or material concerning or pertaining to businesses, methods, plans, finances, accounting statements, and or projects of either party or their affiliated or related entities (ii) any of the foregoing related to the parties or their related or affiliated entities and or their present or future activities and or (iii) any term or condition of any agreement (including this Agreement) between either party and any individual or entity relating to any of their business operations. With respect to Confidential Information, the parties hereby agree, except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement 
 
 (a) not to use the Confidential Information except in furtherance of this Agreement 
 
 (b) to use reasonable efforts to safeguard the Confidential Information against disclosure to any unauthorized third party with the same degree of care as they exercise with their own information of similar nature and 
 
 (c) not to disclose Confidential Information to anyone other than employees, agents or contractors with a need to have access to the Confidential Information and who are bound to the parties by like obligations of confidentiality, except that the parties shall not be prevented from using or disclosing any of the Confidential Information which (i) is already known to the receiving party at the time it is obtained from the disclosing party (ii) is now, or becomes in the future, public knowledge other than through wrongful acts or omissions of the party receiving the Confidential Information (iii) is lawfully obtained by the party from sources independent of the party disclosing the Confidential Information and without confidentiality and or non-use restrictions or (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party without any use of the Confidential Information of the disclosing party. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Buyer may share any Confidential Information of Nationstar Parties with (i) an Affiliate of Buyer for any valid business purpose, such as, but not limited to, to assist an Affiliate in evaluating a current or potential business relationship with Nationstar Parties (ii) any prospective or actual assignee, participant or repledgee to assist such Person in determining whether to enter into an assignment, participation or Repurchase Transaction in connection with the Principal Agreements (iii) any hedge counterparty to the extent necessary to obtain any hedging in connection with the Transactions under the Principal Agreements, and (iv) any Person that provides or intends to provide liquidity to Buyer to further the Transactions set forth in the Principal Agreements provided that, in the case of clauses 
 (ii) through (iv), such Person shall not be an Excluded Assignee, and such Person shall agree to be bound by this covenant of confidentiality, or is otherwise subject to confidentiality restrictions. 
 
 In addition, the Principal Agreements and their respective terms, provisions, supplements and amendments, and transactions and notices thereunder (other than the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions), are proprietary to Buyer and shall be held by Nationstar Parties in strict confidence and shall not be disclosed to any third party without the consent of Buyer except for (i) disclosure to Nationstar Parties direct and indirect parent companies, directors, attorneys, agents or accountants, provided that such attorneys or accountants likewise agree to be bound by this covenant of confidentiality, or are otherwise subject to confidentiality restrictions (ii) upon prior written notice to Buyer, disclosure required by law, rule, regulation or order of a court or other regulatory body (iii) upon prior written notice to Buyer, disclosure to any approved hedge counterparty to the extent necessary to obtain any hedging hereunder (iv) any disclosures or filing required under Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or state securities laws or (v) the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions, which shall not be deemed confidential provided that in the case of (ii), (iii) and (iv), Nationstar Parties shall take reasonable actions to provide Buyer with prior written notice provided further that in the case of (iv), Nationstar 

Parties shall not file any of the Principal Agreements other than the Agreement with the SEC or state securities office unless Nationstar Parties have (x) provided at least thirty (30) days (or such lesser time as may be demanded by the SEC or state securities office) prior written notice of such filing to Buyer, and (y) redacted all pricing information and other commercial terms. 
 
 If any party or any of its successors, Subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents and or representatives, including, without limitation, its insurers, sureties and or attorneys, breaches its respective duty of confidentiality under this Agreement, the nonbreaching party(ies) shall be entitled to all remedies available at law and or in equity, including, without limitation, injunctive relief. 
 
 (g) Definitions . Exhibit A to the Agreement is hereby amended by 
 
 (iii) adding the following definitions in their proper alphabetical order 
 
 Agency Required eNote Legend The legend or paragraph required by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, as applicable, to be set forth in the text of an eNote, which includes the provisions set forth in an Exhibit to the Custodial Agreement, as may be amended from time to time by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, as applicable. 
 
 Authoritative Copy With respect to an eNote, the unique copy of such eNote that is within the Control of the Controller. 
 
 Control With respect to an eNote, the control of such eNote within the meaning of UETA and or, as applicable, E-SIGN, which is established by reference to the MERS eRegistry and any party designated therein as the Controller. 
 
 Control Agreement The agreement (if any) to perfect Buyer s security interest in the Custodial Account as described in Section 6.2(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Control Failure With respect to an eNote, (a) if the Controller status of the eNote in the MERS eRegistry shall not have been transferred to (i) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is not a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, the MERS Org ID of Buyer, (ii) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, (x) at the time of purchase by Buyer, the MERS Org ID of Guarantor and (y) by the Controller Status Transfer Deadline, the MERS Org ID of Buyer, (iii), with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the MERS Org ID of Guarantor from that of Buyer s MERS Org ID, (b) (i) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, Buyer shall otherwise not be designated as the Controller of such eNote in the MERS eRegistry (other than pursuant to a Bailee Agreement), or in the case of an eMortgage Loan that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, shall otherwise not be designated as such by the Controller Status Transfer Deadline and (ii) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, Guarantor shall otherwise not be designated as the Controller of such eNote in the MERS eRegistry, (c) if the eVault shall have released the Authoritative Copy of an eNote in contravention of the requirements of the Custodial Agreement, or (d) if the Custodian initiated any changes on the MERS eRegistry in contravention of the terms of the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 Controller With respect to an eNote, the party designated in the MERS eRegistry as the Controller , and who in such capacity shall be deemed to be in control or to be the controller of such eNote within the meaning of UETA or E-SIGN, as applicable. 
 
 Controller Status Transfer Deadline Has the meaning set forth in the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 Delegatee With respect to an eNote, the party designated in the MERS eRegistry as the Delegatee or Delegatee for Transfers , who in such capacity is authorized by the Controller to perform certain MERS eRegistry transactions on behalf of the Controller such as Transfers of Control and Transfers of Control and Location. 

Electronic Agent MERSCORP Holdings, Inc., or its successor in interest or assigns. 
 
 Electronic Record With respect to an eMortgage Loan, the related eNote and all other documents comprising the Mortgage Loan File that are electronically created and are stored in an electronic format. 
 
 eMortgage Loan A Mortgage Loan with respect to which there is an eNote and as to which some or all of the other documents comprising the related Mortgage Loan File may be created electronically and not by traditional paper documentation with a pen and ink signature. 
 
 eNote With respect to any eMortgage Loan, the electronically created and stored Mortgage Note that is a Transferable Record. 
 
 eNote Control Transfer and Custodial Agreement Each eNote Control Transfer and Custodial Agreement (or its equivalent) by and among Seller or Guarantor, a correspondent of Seller or Guarantor, and a warehouse lender of such correspondent approved by Buyer in accordance with Section 3.7, substantially in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer. 
 
 eNote Delivery Requirement As defined in Section 3.3(a). 
 
 eNote Replacement Failure As defined in the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 eNote Secured Party With respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the party designated in the MERS eRegistry as the Secured Party . 
 
 eNote Secured Party Failure With respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, (a) if the eNote Secured Party status of the eNote shall not have been transferred to Ginnie Mae within one (1) Business Day of certification thereof, (b) Ginnie Mae shall otherwise not be designated as the eNote Secured Party in the MERS eRegistry, (c) if the eVault shall have released the Authoritative Copy of such eNote in contravention of the requirements of the Custodial Agreement, or (d) if the Custodian initiated any changes on the MERS eRegistry in contravention of the terms of the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 E-SIGN The Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq. 
 
 eVault An electronic repository established and maintained by a Custodian for delivery and storage of eNotes. 
 
 Excluded Assignee Any Person identified on Schedule 2 hereto, as such Schedule may be updated from time to time upon the mutual written consent (which may be delivered via e-mail) of Buyer and Guarantor. 
 
 Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan An eMortgage Loan that is a Pooled Mortgage Loan that is eligible to be placed into a Ginnie Mae Program. 
 
 Hash Value With respect to an eNote, the unique, tamper-evident digital signature of such eNote that is stored with MERS. 
 
 Location With respect to an eNote, the location of such eNote which is established by reference to the MERS eRegistry. 
 
 Master Servicer Field With respect to an eNote, the field entitled Master Servicer in the MERS eRegistry. 
 
 MERS eDelivery The transmission system operated by the Electronic Agent that is used to deliver eNotes, other Electronic Records and data from one MERS eRegistry member to another using a system-to-system interface and conforming to the standards of the MERS eRegistry. 

MERS eRegistry The electronic registry operated by the Electronic Agent that acts as the legal system of record that identifies the Controller, Delegatee and Location of the Authoritative Copy of registered eNotes. 
 
 MERS Org ID As defined in the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 MERS System The mortgage electronic registry system operated by the Electronic Agent that tracks changes in Mortgage ownership, mortgage servicers and servicing rights ownership. 
 
 Subservicer Field With respect to an eNote, the field entitled Subservicer in the MERS eRegistry. 
 
 Transfer of Control With respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Controller of such eNote. 
 
 Transfer of Control and Location With respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Controller and Location of such eNote. 
 
 Transfer of Location With respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Location of such eNote. 
 
 Transfer of Servicing With respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Master Servicer Field or Subservicer Field, as applicable, of such eNote. 
 
 Transferable Record An Electronic Record under E-SIGN and UETA that (i) would be a note under the Uniform Commercial Code if the Electronic Record were in writing, (ii) the issuer of the Electronic Record has expressly agreed is a transferable record , (iii) for purposes of E-SIGN, relates to a loan secured by real property, and (iv) bears an electronic signature as such term is given meaning under E-SIGN and UETA. 
 
 UETA The Official Text of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as approved by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws at its Annual Conference on July 29, 1999. 
 
 Unauthorized Servicing Modification With respect to an eNote, an unauthorized Transfer of Location, an unauthorized Transfer of Servicing or any unauthorized change in any other information, status or data initiated by the Master Servicer, the Subservicer (if any) or a vendor of the Master Servicer or the Subservicer (if any) with respect to such eNote on the MERS eRegistry. 
 
 (iv) Deleting and replacing the following definition in its proper alphabetical order 
 
 Electronic Tracking Agreement One or more Electronic Tracking Agreements with respect to (x) the tracking of changes in the ownership, mortgage servicers and servicing rights ownership of Purchased Mortgage Loans held on the MERS System, and (y) the tracking of the Control of eNotes held on the MERS eRegistry, each in a form acceptable to Buyer. 
 
 (h) Representations and Warranties . Exhibit L to the Agreement is hereby amended by 
 
 (v) deleting subsection (n) in its entirety and replacing it with the following 
 
 (n) Customary Provisions . The Mortgage Note has a stated maturity. The Mortgage contains customary and enforceable provisions such as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for the realization against the Mortgaged Property of the benefits of the security provided thereby. There is no homestead or other exemption or other right available to the Mortgagor or any other person, or restriction on any Nationstar Party or any other person, including without limitation, any federal, state or local, law, ordinance, decree, regulation, guidance, attorney 

general action, or other pronouncement, whether temporary or permanent in nature, that would interfere with, restrict or delay, either (y) the ability of any Nationstar Party, Buyer or any servicer, subservicer or any successor servicer or successor subservicer to sell the related Mortgaged Property at a trustee's sale or otherwise, or (z) the ability of any Nationstar Party, Buyer or any servicer or any successor servicer to foreclose on the related Mortgage. The Mortgage Note and Mortgage are on forms acceptable to the FHA, the VA, the RD, Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. If the Mortgage Loan is an eMortgage Loan, the related eNote contains the Agency-Required eNote Legend . 
 
 (vi) adding the following subsections (nnn) and (ooo) immediately following subsection (mmm) 
 
 (nnn) eNotes . With respect to each eMortgage Loan, the related eNote satisfies all of the following criteria 
 
 (i) the eNote bears a digital or electronic signature 
 
 (ii) the Hash Value of the eNote indicated in the MERS eRegistry matches the Hash Value of the eNote as reflected in the eVault 
 
 (iii) there is a single Authoritative Copy of the eNote, as applicable and within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the Uniform Commercial Code, Section 16 of the UETA or Section 7021 of E-SIGN, as applicable, that is held in the eVault 
 
 (iv) the Location status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry reflects the MERS Org ID of the Custodian 
 
 (v) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry reflects the MERS Org ID of (a) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is not a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, Buyer or (b) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, (x) at the time of purchase by Buyer, Guarantor and (y) by the Controller Status Transfer Deadline, Buyer 
 
 (vi) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Controller status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry reflects the MERS Org ID of Guarantor from that of Buyer s MERS Org ID 
 
 (vii) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the eNote Secured Party status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry reflects the MERS Org ID of Ginnie Mae 
 
 (viii) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Delegatee status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry (a) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is not a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, reflects the MERS Org ID of Custodian or (b) with respect to an eMortgage Loan that is a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, (x) at the time of purchase by Buyer, is either blank or reflects the MERS Org ID of Custodian and (y) by the Controller Status Transfer Deadline, reflects the MERS Org ID of Custodian 
 
 (ix) with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, the Delegatee status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry is blank 
 
 (x) the Master Servicer Field status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry reflects the MERS Org ID of Guarantor 
 
 (xi) the Subservicer Field status of the eNote on the MERS eRegistry (i) reflects, if there is a third-party subservicer, such subservicer s MERS Org ID or (ii) if there is not a subservicer, is blank 

(xii) there is no Control Failure, eNote Secured Party Failure, eNote Replacement Failure or Unauthorized Servicing Modification with respect to such eNote 
 
 (xiii) the eNote is a valid and enforceable Transferable Record or comprises electronic chattel paper within the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code 
 
 (xiv) other than with respect to a Ginnie Mae eNote Pooled Loan, there is no defect with respect to the eNote that would result in Buyer having less than full rights, benefits and defenses of Control (within the meaning of the UETA) of the Transferable Record and 
 
 (xv) the single Authoritative Copy of the eNote is maintained electronically and has not been papered-out, nor is there another paper representation of such eNote. 
 
 (ooo) Remote Online Notarization . If such Purchased Mortgage Loan was originated using remote online notarization, such Purchased Mortgage Loan complies with the requirements and or guidelines of the Agencies related to remote online notarization. 
 
 (i) Schedules . The Agreement is hereby amended by adding new Schedule 2 (attached hereto as Annex A) thereto immediately following Schedule 1. 
 
 SECTION 2. Fees and Expenses . Seller agrees to pay to Buyer all fees and out of pocket expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with this Amendment, including all reasonable fees and out of pocket costs and expenses of the legal counsel Buyer incurred in connection with this Amendment, in accordance with Section 12.2 of the Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 3. Defined Terms . Any terms capitalized but not otherwise defined herein should have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as amended hereby, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Reference to this Amendment need not be made in the Agreement or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to, or with respect to, the Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Agreement as amended hereby. 
 
 SECTION 5. Representations . In order to induce Buyer to execute and deliver this Amendment, Seller and Guarantor hereby represent to Buyer that as of the date hereof, (i) Seller and Guarantor are in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Principal Agreements and remain bound by the terms thereof, and (ii) no Potential Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Principal Agreements. 
 
 SECTION 6. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any conflicts of law provisions (except for Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, which shall govern) and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent preempted by federal law. 
 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Amendment (each a Communication may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures (including, without limitation, facsimile and .pdf) and shall be considered an original, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original and all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by Buyer of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery 

and or retention. Electronic Signatures and facsimile signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer, Seller and Guarantor have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first written above. 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , NATIONSTAR PARTICIPATION as Buyer SUB 1BM LLC , 
 as Seller 

By s Adam Robitshek By s Pedro Alvarez 
 Name Adam Robitshek Name Pedro Alvarez 
 Title Director Title Treasurer 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LLC , 
 as Guarantor 

By s Pedro Alvarez 
 Name Pedro Alvarez 
 Title Treasurer 

ANNEX A 
 
 SCHEDULE 2 

Excluded Assignees 
 
 To be updated following the date hereof 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.57>
 4
 a2022-qx4xexhibit1057.htm
 EX-10.57

Document 

Exhibit 10.57 

Date February 12, 2021 
 To Kurt Johnson 
 From Jay Bray 
 Subject Promotion to Executive Vice President 

On behalf of Mr. Cooper, I am thrilled to promote and appoint you to Executive Vice President, Chief Credit & Risk Officer. In this role, you will continue to report directly to me. 
 
 Annual Base Salary In recognition of your performance and promotion, effective February 28, 2021, your new annual base salary will be 325,000 paid bi-weekly in the amount of 12,500. 
 
 Annual Bonus Opportunity Beginning in 2021, you will be eligible to participate in the Executive Management Incentive Plan (EMIP). Your maximum annual bonus opportunity will be 200 of your annual base salary or 650,000. Your target bonus will be 120 of your maximum bonus opportunity or 390,000. Your bonus will be based on achieving Company, functional and individual performance goals established by the CEO. In addition, you must be actively employed by Mr. Cooper on the day the bonus is paid to receive an award. 
 Long-Term Incentive Opportunity Beginning in 2021, you will be eligible for a target annual equity award valued at 350,000. The grants are usually made in March and typically vest equally over three years. All awards must be approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Non-competition You agree that while employed by Mr. Cooper and for the twelve (12) month period immediately following your termination of employment, you shall not directly or indirectly, either as principal, agent, employee, employer, consultant, partner or shareholder in excess of five percent (5 of a publicly traded corporation, corporate officer or director, or in any other representative capacity, engage or otherwise participate in any manner or fashion with any business, whose primary business is in direct competition with the business of Mr. Cooper, Xome Holdings LLC and their subsidiaries or of any other business in which Mr. Cooper or its subsidiaries is engaged in at the time of your termination of employment. For clarification, any business that derives the majority of their revenue from mortgage servicing, mortgage origination, or providing services related to purchasing or refinancing a home, would be considered a direct competitor. You further agree that this restrictive covenant is reasonable as to duration, terms and geographical area and that the same protects the legitimate interests of Mr. Cooper and its respective affiliates, imposes no undue hardship on you, is not injurious to the public, and that any violation of this restrictive covenant shall be specifically enforceable in any court with jurisdiction upon short notice. 
 Severance Should Mr. Cooper terminate your employment without cause, or if you terminate your employment for good reason, during the initial twenty-four (24) months of your employment, you will be entitled to severance of twelve (12) months of your current salary plus 100 of the higher of your target bonus or your prior year s bonus the next tranche of restricted stock units scheduled to vest for each grant awarded to you accrued benefits and continuation of your coverage under the Company s medical plan until the earlier of the period of time it takes you to become eligible for the medical benefits program of a new employer or 12 months from the date 

of such termination, subject to providing Mr. Cooper and their affiliates, as applicable, with a signed release of claims in a form adopted by such company from time to time, which shall contain reasonable and customary terms and conditions. Severance shall be paid bi-weekly in accordance with standard payroll practices. If Mr. Cooper terminates your employment without cause, or you terminate your employment for good reason, after the first twenty-four (24) months of employment, you shall be entitled to receive such severance as may be consistent with the then current practices of the Company. 
 The Company may terminate your employment either with or without Cause. For purposes of this agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) willful misconduct or willful neglect by you in the performance of your duties to the Company 
 (ii) your willful failure to adhere materially to the clear directions of the Board or to adhere materially to the Company s material written policies 
 (iii) your conviction of or formal admission to or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a charge of commission of a felony or any other conviction which would render you ineligible for employment for the Company or 
 (iv) your willful breach of any of the material terms and conditions of this letter agreement. 
 The Executive s employment may be terminated by the Executive with or without Good Reason. For purposes of the agreement, Good Reason means 
 the occurrence, without the express written consent of Executive, of any of the following circumstances, unless, with respect to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) hereof, such circumstances are corrected by the Company in all material respects within thirty (30) days following written notification by Executive to the Company (which written notice must be delivered within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of such circumstances) that Executive intends to terminate Executive s employment for one of the reasons set forth below 
 (i) a material reduction in your base salary 
 (ii) a material diminution in the authorities, duties or responsibilities of Executive 
 (iii) a requirement that the Executive report to someone other than the CEO, or 
 (iv) Company s breach of any term of this Agreement. 
 Non-solicit You agree that during the period of your employment and for the twelve (12) month period immediately following the date of your termination of employment with Mr. Cooper for any reason, you shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or induce any officer, director, employee, agent or consultant of Mr. Cooper or any of their successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate his, her or its employment or other relationship with Mr. Cooper or any of their successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates, or otherwise encourage any such person or entity to leave or sever his, her or its employment or other relationship with Mr. Cooper or any of their successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates, for any other reason. 
 Employment at will Nothing herein constitutes an offer of employment for any definite period of time. The employment relationship is at-will which affords you and Mr. Cooper the right to terminate the relationship at any time for no reason or any reason, with 60 days notice. 

We look forward to your continued success in this new vital role at Mr. Cooper. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to give me a call. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Jay Bray 
 Jay Bray 
 Chairman & CEO 

I, Kurt Johnson, accept and agree to all the terms and conditions contained in this promotion offer letter. 
 
 s Kurt Johnson 
 (Signature) 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a2022-qx4exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of Organization Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Delaware Nationstar Sub1 LLC Delaware Nationstar Mortgage LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a2022-q4xexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-231552) pertaining to the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan of Mr. Cooper Group Inc., 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226468) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc., and 

of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2022-q4xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jay Bray, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Jay Bray Jay Bray Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2022-q4xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jaime Gow, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Jaime Gow Jaime Gow Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2022-q4xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Bray, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Jay Bray Jay Bray Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2022-q4xexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jaime Gow, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Jaime Gow Jaime Gow Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 coop-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 coop-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 coop-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 coop-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 coop-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

