<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1434588_0001558370-23-001452.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7835587</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>333050</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1489988</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2443266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1391101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2007476</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001452.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216161103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grand Canyon Education, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434588
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				203356009
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34211
		FILM NUMBER:		23638622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 W. CAMELBACK ROAD
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-247-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 W. CAMELBACK ROAD
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001452.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 lope-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No The total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 14, 2023 was . As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant s common stock was listed on the NASDAQ Global Market. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which is expected to be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s 2022 fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. 

Table of Contents 
 GRAND CANYON EDUCATION, INC. FORM 10-K INDEX Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I 5 Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 32 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 47 Item 2. Properties 47 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 47 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 47 PART II 48 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 48 Item 6. [Reserved] 50 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 51 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 60 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 61 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 86 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 86 Item 9B. Other Information 90 PART III 90 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 90 Item 11. Executive Compensation 90 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 90 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 91 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 91 PART IV 91 Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 91 Exhibit Index 91 SIGNATURES 95 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1, Business ; Item 1A, Risk Factors ; and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , contains certain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: proposed new programs; statements as to whether regulatory developments or other matters may or may not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates, or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results, and future economic performance; and statements of management s goals and objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions of management. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to: the harm to our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and harm to our university partners resulting from epidemics, pandemics, or public health crises; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of any of the key university partner agreements; our ability to properly manage risks and challenges associated with strategic initiatives, including potential acquisitions or divestitures of, or investments in, new businesses, acquisitions of new properties and new university partners, and expansion of services provided to our existing university partners; our failure to comply with the extensive regulatory framework applicable to us either directly as a third-party service provider or indirectly through our university partners, including Title IV of the Higher Education Act and the regulations thereunder, state laws and regulatory requirements, and accrediting commission requirements; the ability of our university partners students to obtain federal Title IV funds, state financial aid, and private financing; potential damage to our reputation or other adverse effects as a result of negative publicity in the media, in the industry or in connection with governmental reports or investigations or otherwise, affecting us or other companies in the education services sector; risks associated with changes in applicable federal and state laws and regulations and accrediting commission standards, including pending rulemaking by the ED applicable to us directly or indirectly through our university partners; competition from other education service companies in our geographic region and market sector, including competition for students, qualified executives and other personnel; our expected tax payments and tax rate; our ability to hire and train new, and develop and train existing employees; the pace of growth of our university partners enrollment and its effect on the pace of our own growth; fluctuations in our revenues due to seasonality; our ability to, on behalf of our university partners, convert prospective students to enrolled students and to retain active students to graduation; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 our success in updating and expanding the content of existing programs and developing new programs in a cost-effective manner or on a timely basis for our university partners; risks associated with the competitive environment for marketing the programs of our university partners; failure on our part to keep up with advances in technology that could enhance the experience for our university partners students; our ability to manage future growth effectively; the impact of any natural disasters or public health emergencies; general adverse economic conditions or other developments that affect the job prospects of our university partners students; and other factors discussed under the headings Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business, and Regulation. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions, or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. Business Overview Grand Canyon Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation GCE is a publicly traded education services company dedicated to serving colleges and universities. GCE has developed significant technological solutions, infrastructure and operational processes to provide services to these institutions on a large scale. GCE s most significant university partner is Grand Canyon University GCU ), an Arizona non-profit corporation that operates a comprehensive regionally accredited university that offers graduate and undergraduate degree programs, emphases and certificates across nine colleges both online and on ground at its campus in Phoenix, Arizona and at four off-campus classroom and laboratory sites. As of December 31, 2022, GCE provided education services and support to approximately 113,000 students with more than 108,600 students enrolled in GCU s programs, emphases and certificates. In January 2019, GCE began providing education services to numerous university partners across the United States through our wholly owned subsidiary, Orbis Education Services LLC Orbis Education ), which we acquired on January 22, 2019 (the Acquisition ). Since the Acquisition, GCE, together with Orbis Education, has continued to add additional university partners. In the healthcare field, we work in partnership with a growing number of top universities and healthcare networks across the country, offering healthcare-related academic programs at off-campus classroom and laboratory sites located near healthcare providers and developing high-quality, career-ready graduates who enter the workforce ready to meet the demands of the healthcare industry. In addition, we have provided certain services to a university partner to assist them in expanding their online graduate programs. As of December 31, 2022, GCE provided education services to 27 university partners across the United States. We plan to continue to add additional university partners and to roll out additional programs with both our existing partners and with new partners. We may engage with both new and existing university partners to offer healthcare programs, online only or hybrid programs, or as is the case for our most significant partner, GCU, both healthcare and other programs. In addition, we have centralized a number of services that historically were provided separately to university partners of Orbis Education; therefore, we refer to all university partners as GCE partners or our partners . We do disclose significant information for GCU, such as enrollments, due to its size in comparison to our other university partners. Our Business GCE is an education services company with 27 university partners as of December 31, 2022. We have invested over 291.8 million in the last 14 years in technology which includes the cost to develop systems that automate key processes and enable us to scale these processes to hundreds of thousands of students. GCE is capable of supporting not just core academic functions, technology and marketing but many additional key processes that surround those functions, such as faculty recruiting and training, admissions, financial aid, accounting, and technical support. We provide these services to our university partners pursuant to master services agreements that define the scope of our engagement, the types of services provided and other key terms of the engagement. Suite of Services The following describes the various services that we are capable of providing to university partners. Services actually provided to a given university partner depend upon the nature of programs supported by GCE, existing university infrastructure, and university partner preferences. Technology and Academic Services We provide technology and academic services that can include the ongoing maintenance of our university partners educational infrastructure, including online course delivery and management, student records, assessment, 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 customer relations management and other internal administrative systems. These services can also include curriculum conversion, support for content development, support for faculty and related training and development, technical support, rent and occupancy costs for university partners simulation and skills labs, and assistance with state regulatory compliance. We have established secure, reliable and scalable technology systems that provide a high-quality educational environment and that give us the capability to grow our university partners programs and enrollment. Technology Services may include the following: Learning Management System LMS - GCE designed and offers to its university partners a new LMS, called Halo. GCU started utilizing Halo in the Fall of 2021 and has completed the transition of all of its students to the new LMS. The basic functionality includes an interactive course syllabus, discussion questions and forums, instruction interaction, class quizzes, group assignments, written assignment submission and rubrics, grading, participation, attendance and integration with our student information system. The functions in Halo have been reimagined to work more intuitively with new user interface design and more seamless ways of accomplishing the same tasks. Halo was designed as a Cloud native application taking advantage of all the performance and reliability features of the Cloud. Halo supports small classes that are instructor led, highly interactive and collaborative. Rich content that originates from a myriad of sources, including direct advisement from industry, is coupled with a robust discussion environment. Students most often respond to the content and discussion through written work. The writing assignments are designed to promote critical thinking which is often connected to solving real world problems. This platform can easily and reliably scale as student populations increase. The platform provides in-depth analytics that allow us to closely monitor student success and the quality of instructional resources. GCE also designed its previous learning management system, LoudCloud which GCU used beginning in 2011. Internal administration - We utilize a commercial customer relations management development platform to distribute, manage, track, and report on all interactions with prospective student leads as well as all active and inactive students. This software is scalable to capacity levels well in excess of current requirements. We also utilize a commercial software package to track Title IV funds, student records, grades, accounts receivable, accounts payable and general ledger. We have done significant internal software development around these systems to increase the productivity of our employees and provide students an exceptional educational experience. Infrastructure - We operate two data centers, one at GCU s campus and one at another Phoenix-area location. All of our servers are networked, and we have redundant data backup. We manage our technology environment internally. Our wide area network is fully redundant to ensure maximum uptime, bandwidth capacity and network performance. Student access is load balanced for optimal performance. Real-time monitoring provides current system status across network, server, and storage components. We provide cybersecurity services, support and incident response for all infrastructure and software that we utilize. Support - We provide 18/7 technical support for students and faculty. There are two systems utilized by GCE to provide these services. Academic Services may include the following: Program and Curriculum GCE has a curriculum content department that provides design and conversion services to our university partners. In collaboration with our university partners, we assist with the program and course design by providing curricular assistance and recommendations with respect to content and techniques that make use of the available technologies and methods embodied in the learning management system. GCE developed a proprietary system to support these services. Faculty and Related Training and Development GCE provides faculty support including recruitment, training and oversight services to its university partners. Under the direction of our university partners and their academic leadership, we recruit and screen candidates, and schedule faculty based on university partner-created requirements. We evaluate all faculty according to university partner standards and provide evaluation results, if requested. Many of the health sciences specific faculty development resources are accredited by the International Association for 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Continuing Education and Training IACET and the American Nurses Credentialing Center ANCC allowing faculty to earn continuing education credits. Class Scheduling GCE has a class scheduling department and has developed a proprietary system to provide these services to our university partners. Our scheduling software provides students the ability to set their class schedule and flexibility to make changes and create opportunities to complete courses in a myriad of online or onsite options. We optimize class size prior to course starts based on university partner standards, in order to maximize class resources and faculty utilization. Skills and Simulation Lab Sites GCE secures, develops and finances off-campus classroom and laboratory sites for use in various programs offered by our university partners, including the accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN). Off-campus classroom and laboratory sites are branded for specific university partners and all classrooms, faculty, counselors, staff and specialized equipment are centralized and made accessible to every university partner student. The laboratories contain the latest in skills and simulation learning technology; including computer-based scenarios, hands-on work with physical simulators and internally developed Mixed Reality MR with state-of-the-art technology, which help students gain unique experiences in an alternative clinical setting. 
 Counseling Services and Support We provide counseling services and support including one-on-one admissions, schedule and financial counseling and other support for prospective and current students of our university partners. We offer financial aid processing as well. Counseling Services and Support may include the following: Admissions Services GCE provides prospective students with transparent information on program requirements, finance options, degree time to completion and net price calculator results in alignment with university partners standards. GCE has developed a robust proprietary system to efficiently evaluate transcripts and build schedules for prospective students. GCE processes applications in alignment with university partners admission standards and provides reports on those students selected for admission. Financial Aid GCE provides financial aid services, including awarding, certifying, originating and disbursing Title IV program funds to students. We deliver Title IV program credit balance refunds to students, process return of Title IV program funds to the federal government when appropriate and provide financial aid counseling and entrance and exit loan counseling to students. Additionally, we prepare required reports, including but not limited to enrollment reporting to the National Student Loan Data system and the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System. Additionally, GCE has built a proprietary system called the Financial Transparent Degree Plan Calculator, which provides students the cost of their entire program. Counseling Services GCE provides proactive services to our university partners students throughout their matriculation such as schedule building, and financial aid counseling. We provide students an assigned advisor who proactively works with students throughout their matriculation process. We assist students with program changes and communicate with those students throughout their program to help with retention. We provide students with the ability to access a variety of administrative services both telephonically and via the Internet. For example, students can apply for financial aid, pay their tuition, order their transcripts, and apply for graduation online. We believe this online accessibility provides the convenience and self-service capabilities that students value. GCE assesses levels of satisfaction using student surveys. Field Experience Counseling For university partner students pursuing programs that lead to external credentials (e.g., teaching, nursing, counseling, social work, theology, etc.), GCE leverages a growing nationwide network of approved healthcare facilities, schools, preceptors, and supervisors to ensure that all students are able to meet program-specific requirements. Each student is assigned a counselor before or during their first course, and several prescribed appointments with their counselor are scheduled throughout the student s program to ensure that all state-specific progression 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 requirements are met well in advance of deadlines. GCE assists in gathering all required documentation, verifying it as official, and storing it as part of the student s record. 
 Marketing and Communication We provide marketing and communication services that include lead acquisition, digital communication strategies, brand identity advertising, media planning and strategy, video, data science and analysis to potential students and other promotional and communication services. GCE s marketing leadership team approaches the marketplace with an outlook that applies the latest advancements in integrated marketing strategy and new and emerging technologies while leveraging GCE s buying power. This methodology embraces proven traditional and online solutions that are developed in conjunction with our university partners. Marketing and Communication services may include the following: Lead Acquisition GCE s marketing team employs experts across a wide breadth of digital marketing channels. These include Search Engine Optimization, Search Engine Marketing, Social Media Optimization, organic content and strategic acquisition funnels across a variety of mobile markets. Digital Communications Strategy GCE s subject matter experts utilize best-in-class technologies through marketing automation, integrated email, SMS text messaging and social media. GCE develops effective communication strategies that encompass the entire student lifecycle from prospect through alumni. Brand Identity GCE s award-winning team of specialists have proven track records of developing strong brands and ensuring the right image is exposed to the consumer. GCE specializes in storytelling shaped by logo creation, positioning taglines, campaign and content development, custom music, and sonic branding. Media Planning and Strategy GCE offers full-service media planning and strategies that are built to grow sophisticated brands through traditional and digital media platforms. GCE understands today s culture and how content is consumed in the everchanging world of media. GCE creates robust strategies that build long lasting connections with proven results. Video GCE s team of in-house video experts specialize in high-quality content expanding across a wide variety of marketing channels. Capabilities include broadcast-quality commercials, explainer videos, mini- and full-length documentaries, original programming, animations, motion graphics, and short, stackable video content for a variety of social media channels. GCE enhances its internal team with preferred partners to help offset workload and provide scalability of production requirements. Business Intelligence and Data Science GCE employs a team of in-house data analysis professionals who apply descriptive and prescriptive analytics to help understand the marketplace and facilitate important business decisions. GCE specializes in all aspects of data analytics and science, including predictive modeling, data mining and visualization to enrich today s technology and data-driven marketplace, while providing the information required for success. Market Research GCE s market research professionals survey market, population and job data for various locations across the country in order to make data-driven recommendations for new sites, partnerships, and educational offerings that will maximize reach and impact and provide education and career training to the areas where it will be most impactful. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Back-Office Services In addition, we currently provide certain requested back-office services to GCU that include finance, human resources, audit, and other corporate functions. Finance and accounting - Finance and accounting services include administration of payroll, accounts payable, general ledger, student accounting, financial reporting, budgeting and taxes at the direction of GCU. Human Resources - Human resources services include administration of performance management, personnel policies, recruitment and onboarding of new personnel, and benefit plan design and procurement, among others. Audit - Audit services include development and administration of a GCU approved annual internal audit plan and execution of the audit plan for the service period. Procurement - Procurement services include management of purchasing and vendor relationships, including travel services, review of vendor contracts, and maintenance of contracts in the procurement system. 
 Social Responsibility and Human Capital Development Social responsibility and human capital development are significant focuses of the Company. Our efforts are led by our Chief Executive Officer and a portion of his compensation is tied to our success in these areas. To this end, our business was created and continues to evolve to meet the needs of the local community in which we operate as well as those outside our community. We started by identifying what we believe to be the educational challenges that our country is facing and then worked to find solutions to these challenges. We believe these challenges include: University education is too expensive; Students are taking on too much debt; Bachelor degrees are taking too long to complete; Programs are not targeted enough toward careers. Recent surveys show that a large percentage of college students would change majors if starting over, and a significant number of recent graduates are under employed or are in jobs that don t required degrees; As tuition increases, diversity decreases; Universities have inadequate counseling and support services, especially for distance learners; Most university professors have no formal training in teaching, learning or course design; Universities are under significant financial pressure, which has only been enhanced during 2020 and 2021 due to the pandemic and a declining number of high school graduates attending college. 
 We provide the capital, technology and expertise to our university partners to lessen the challenges in each of the areas listed above (see Item 1. Business Suite of Services ). We work with these university partners to develop educational models that allow them the ability to decrease tuition or increase scholarships to their students which will often lower the debt their students incur. We work with our university partners and thousands of high schools across the country on dual credit, online prerequisite courses and other programs that shorten the time to completion thereby lowering cost and debt levels. We focus with our university partners and their local communities to develop programs where there are skills shortages such as healthcare, teacher education, science, technology, engineering and math. GCE provides expanded academic counseling services and support to the students of our university partners which has proven to increase retention and completion. Our faculty services and curriculum development teams assist not only our university partners but other universities and K12 schools in improving their online education pedagogy. And our business model has helped our university partners as changes in the educational landscape and the pandemic has put pressure on their financial condition. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Community Involvement by GCE and its Employees. Examples of activities in which we and our employees participate include: Improving Our Neighborhood and Increased Home Values - Together with Habitat for Humanity and in concert with our largest university partner, we are participating in the largest home renovation project in the country in the West Phoenix area surrounding GCU s campus. As of December 31, 2022, 1,109 projects have been completed in which 30,000 hours have been logged by volunteers. These efforts, combined with GCE and GCU s expanded presence in the community, have contributed to a significant increase in home values since 2011 in the 85017 zip code. Furthering Job Creation - We, along with GCU have launched a number of new business enterprises that have reduced costs, provided management opportunities for recent graduates and employment opportunities for students and neighborhood residents, while spurring economic growth in the area. Special Olympics - We participate in the annual Plane Pull Challenge, which benefits Special Olympics Indiana (SOIN) athletes. The Orbeasts go head-to-head in a tug of war with a Boeing FedEx 757 jetliner in SOIN s largest single-day fundraiser. This event offers a unique opportunity for organizations to team build and work together to raise important funds for SOIN athletes. The vision of Special Olympics Indiana is that sport will open hearts and minds towards people with intellectual disabilities and create inclusive communities across the state and throughout the world. Youth Opportunity Foundation - Our employees volunteer and donate time and funds to the Youth Opportunity Foundation which provides advocacy, clinical treatment, education and workforce development for at-risk young people in underprivileged areas. 
 GCE also invests in the following activities that benefit the community. Funding of Student Tuition Organizations - GCE contributes to private school tuition organizations, which are entities that allocate financial contributions toward tuition assistance and scholarships for disadvantaged students to attend Arizona private schools. In each of 2022 and 2021, we contributed 5.0 million to these organizations. Encouraging Employee Giving - We participate in Donate to Elevate, a program that encourages employees to participate in the Arizona individual tax credit program, which allows individual taxpayers to contribute money in lieu of state income tax payments to benefit private schools and other non-profit entities in Arizona, as well as local public schools and public charter schools. Employees are encouraged to designate tax dollars to the school or program of their choice. Students Inspiring Students - GCE continues to support GCU s free tutoring/mentoring program that serves Phoenix-area K-12 schools. Students who seek academic assistance in the GCU Learning Lounge may become eligible to receive the Students Inspiring Students full-tuition scholarship. To serve our clients and community, we seek donations to fund this neighborhood scholarship program. Sponsoring K-12 Educational Development - GCE supports GCU s K-12 Educational Development Department through sponsorship of GCU s Canyon Professional Development and K-12 Targeted School Assistance programs. Canyon Professional Development offers professional development opportunities for educators and administrators, and their student/parent engagement programs aim to help students become college ready. K-12 Targeted School Assistance programs also offer tutoring and mentorship and more to community schools to improve learning environments and outcomes. Both initiatives elevate public, private, charter and home schools in the form of scholarships, program discounts, professional development, events, and more. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Continuing Community Involvement - GCE and our employees partner in countless other community events and projects throughout the year. We offer our full-time employees a maximum of 16 hours of PTO annually for community service. This time is used to volunteer at an approved charitable organization. Over 40 organizations are approved for employee volunteerism, including Habitat for Humanity. 
 In addition, GCE has historically partnered in countless community events and projects throughout the year, helping organizations such as the Phoenix Rescue Mission, Feed My Starving Children, Arizona Foster Care, Boy/Girl Scouts, Goodwill Arizona, St. Vincent de Paul, Young Life, Elevate Phoenix, Back to School Clothing Drive and St. Mary s Food Bank. Our employees also went out into our surrounding neighborhoods to participate in programs such as Serve the City, Canyon Kids, Salute Our Troops, Colter Commons senior home visits and the Run to Fight Children s Cancer. We believe that we must have the best talent, including employees who possess a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and skills, in order to anticipate and meet the needs of our business and those of our university partners. Over time, we have hired, developed and retained a diverse management and workforce that reflects our surrounding community and that is a key component in GCE s success and an important part of our culture. We provide employees with training, development, and educational resources that promote learning and lead to real career advancement opportunities. We believe that our success in attracting, retaining, and developing human capital is directly correlated to our ability to provide employees both an interesting and engaging work experience as well as opportunities for meaningful involvement in the surrounding community. Our employees take advantage of these opportunities and share our commitment to and enthusiasm for community service projects, as well as charitable organizations throughout the Phoenix area. Through these activities, our employees have the opportunity to volunteer and provide servant leadership that benefits the surrounding neighborhoods and West Phoenix community. Our Commitment to Diversity. A growing body of evidence suggests that diverse teams improve financial outcomes and support innovation, resiliency, and productivity. GCE s commitment to fostering diversity in its community is evident in the following: Our Diversity Statement - Grand Canyon Education is a faith-friendly shared services provider that embraces a world-view which outlines a responsibility to both charity and stewardship which simply stated is, to love others as yourself . We are a community of people who value the pursuit of truth and find great understanding in the convergence of differing viewpoints, backgrounds and ideas. We welcome employees from all walks of life which has contributed to a growing diversity within our population. Our diversity encompasses a multitude of dimensions, including age, disability, national origin, race, color, religion, gender, veteran status and more. Our Christian perspective compels us to treat every individual equally with respect and compassion. All community members deserve a comfortable space to express their feelings, so that every voice is heard. All members of the Company will be welcomed, valued, and provided safety in this community. Finally, diversity not only enriches the workplace and the educational endeavors of our partners, it is critical to it. Maintaining a diverse environment requires a measure of tolerance and understanding commensurate with the dignity and value of all human life. In sum, GCE values diversity because it values every employee and university partners students entrusted to its care. Our Diverse Leadership - Our ability to attract and retain diverse talent is reflected at both the Board and management levels. Three of our six directors are women and two directors identify with an underrepresented diverse ethnicity. In addition, for all of our employees at the level of manager and above totaling 605 persons, 68.8 are held by women and other diverse persons, collectively, an increase of 1.2 over 2021. Our Diverse Workforce - As of December 31, 2022, for all of our employees totaling 5,500, 79.8 are women and other diverse persons, collectively, an increase of 1.5 over 2021. As of December 31, 2022, GCE employed approximately 3,920 professional and administrative personnel, including technical and academic advisors, counseling advisors, marketing and communication professionals, and personnel that handle financial aid processing, information technology, human resources, corporate accounting, finance, and other administrative functions. In addition, at December 31, 2022, GCE employed approximately 1,580 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 part-time employees most of whom are student workers. None of our employees are a party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement with us. We consider our relations with our employees to be strong. Our Hiring Practices and Policies - GCE ensures company diversity through hiring policies and practices that support diversity such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, Nondiscrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy and Complaint Procedure, and the Disability Accommodation Policy. We post all open positions to a variety of diversity-related job boards to ensure we attract diverse candidates. We also collect and analyze employee demographic data to identify current trends and areas of opportunity in regard to our diversity efforts. Diversity Training - We provide employees and management with regular diversity training. New hires all complete anti-discrimination and harassment training within 3 months of starting at GCE. Thereafter, all employees complete the training every other year, while management undertakes it annually. We have also provided Implicit Bias Training to all employees. 
 Employee Learning and Development (ELD) Services. We provide learning and development support to our employees through numerous ELD initiatives. Onboarding Programs provide new employees a foundation from which one can progress in his or her career at GCE. Leadership Development, Team Development, Advanced Skills, and Self-Development Programs help employees improve their skills, assist management in identifying potential talent for leadership roles, and support those employees already in leadership roles. Finally, our Compliance Curriculum ensures that employee stays current with regulatory and other compliance requirements. These programs and curricula are offered virtually as both synchronous and self-paced. Employee Tuition Benefit GCE promotes the concept of lifelong learning and supports this concept by offering its employees a generous Tuition Benefit program through its university partner, GCU. After 3 months of continuous service, fulltime employees admitted to GCU receive a 100 tuition reduction on undergraduate and graduate programs Additionally, the tuition benefit is available for an eligible employee s spouse or up to two children with no more than two participants receiving the benefits at any one time. An eligible employee s spouse or child admitted to GCU receives a 100 tuition reduction on undergraduate programs and a 50 tuition reduction on graduate programs. Monitoring employee engagement and satisfaction GCE administered a survey with all of its employees to assess employee engagement and satisfaction. GCE received responses from 1,835 employees on the 2022 survey. The survey asked a number of questions regarding employee engagement and satisfaction including whether they are actively engaged with their work, whether they have a sense of pride in what they do and whether they enjoy the type of work assigned to them. The responses to each question were overwhelmingly positive. To the prompt, Overall I am satisfied with GCE as an employer, less than 10 of the responders disagreed with that statement. 92 of those responses confirmed GCE enables a culture of diversity. This survey also inquired about the importance of Environmental, Social and Governance topics that employees felt are important to GCE s business performance and financial success both internal and external impacts. The top five selected in the survey by employees were Employee Health and Wellbeing (56 ), Community Engagement (55 ), Human Capital Management (51 ), Workforce Diversity and Engagement (33 and Professional Integrity (32 ). Environmental Awareness Online education is inherently more environmentally friendly than traditional campus education with a reduction in greenhouse gas GHG production caused by traveling to and from a brick-and-mortar campus. It also increases student capacity while eliminating the need for construction of a physical campus. A majority of our university partners students are enrolled in hybrid or online educational models. In addition, a significant number of our university partners students utilize an ebook format versus paper textbooks, which is more environmentally friendly in that it saves paper and other materials and there is no shipment required. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 GCE owns a four-story 325,000 square foot administrative building, which includes office space for approximately 2,700 employees, and a parking garage at our headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona. We constructed these facilities in 2016 and, as with every one of our projects over the past 12 years, we designed them to maximize energy efficiency and minimize electricity usage and environmental impact, which ultimately lowers our operating costs. Our headquarters building includes the following design features: North/South Building Orientation - GCE s office building is orientated with north/south exposure in order to minimize direct sun and thereby reduce power usage. Exterior courtyards were arranged to ensure summer shade thus creating outdoor areas that can be used by our employees throughout the year. Use of Window Glazing - Our building utilizes significant window glazing to allow for daylighting thus reducing the need for supplemental electrical lighting. As a result, the building is designed to use just .41 watts per square foot of electrical energy for lighting, which is half of what a typical environmentally efficient building uses. Reducing Water Consumption - Water usage is another environmental factor for office space that is magnified by the Arizona weather. GCE s office building utilizes numerous water conservation methods including push-tap faucets, waterless urinals, and a rooftop rainwater collection system for irrigating the landscaping below, which significantly reduces our water consumption. Other Design Features - Additional environment-friendly design features include low VOC paints, use of recycled building materials, interior and exterior LED light bulbs, motion sensor lighting and implementation of an energy-efficient VRF mechanical system. 
 In addition to our efficient facilities, we have undertaken other measures to minimize our environmental impact, including, among others: implementing a Trip Reduction Program, which provides incentives to employees who participate in carpooling or take public transportation to work; providing a telecommute option for a significant number of positions; and participating in a recycling program aimed at minimizing the volume of waste products generated by GCE. 
 Due to our significant investment in infrastructure, since March 2020, when the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 a global pandemic, a significant portion of our diverse workforce is continuing to work remotely. This has not only allowed our employees to remain physically safe but has also resulted in savings in the areas of waste, janitorial costs, and travel costs related to business travel and commuting. Our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites are all designed with the same efficient footprint in the 35 sites opened as of December 31, 2022. Climate Disclosures We do not operate in a high-risk industry for climate risks. We believe that we have low climate risk with respect to our physical environment (e.g., fires, drought, hailstorms, increasing weather pattern changes). Approximately 90 of our workforce is continuing to work remotely. We have insurance policies in place to cover any damage for our property, plant and equipment. Our Audit Committee is tasked with oversight of climate-related risks for the Company. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We are evaluating emissions reduction requirements with key suppliers for costs such as information security systems, communication and marketing costs, travel costs, and continued expansion of our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites. We currently do not have any regulatory emissions reporting obligations. We do not have significant risk from a transition to a low-carbon economy, which could result in changing customer behavior. Our customers are university partners located in the United States. Corporate Governance We believe that effective corporate governance is critical to our ability to create long term value for our stockholders. The following highlights certain key aspects of our corporate governance framework: We Have an Independent and Diverse Board - Five of our six directors are independent. Three of our six directors are diverse persons, and two of our directors identify with an under-represented diverse ethnicity. We Have Majority Voting for Directors - We have adopted majority voting for directors pursuant to which nominees who fail to achieve an affirmative majority of votes cast must submit their resignation. We Hold Annual Elections for Directors - We do not have a staggered board. We Assess Board Performance - We conduct regular evaluations of our Board and Committees. Our Independent Directors Meet Without Management - Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without management present. We Have a Stock Ownership Policy - We require both our named executive officers and our directors to maintain a meaningful ownership stake at levels specified in our stock ownership policy. Our Key Committees are Independent - We have fully independent Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. We Do Not Have a Poison Pill - We do not maintain a stockholder rights plan. 
 Cybersecurity Controls Our Audit Committee is tasked with oversight of the cybersecurity controls in place at the Company. The Company employs a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), with an experienced and competent security team, and works closely with the Chief Risk Officer to provide risk reporting and ensure security and compliance. The Company regularly engages third party experts to perform cybersecurity assessments. These assessments are normally performed on an annual basis. Reports are sent to the Audit Committee monthly, and Security, Risk and Compliance updates are provided quarterly. The Company has implemented policies and procedures for all employees including: o Information security/cybersecurity policies, which are internally available for all employees; o Information security/cybersecurity awareness training; o A clear escalation process which employees can follow in the event an employee notices something suspicious; and 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 o Information security/cybersecurity is part of the employee performance evaluations and/or disciplinary actions. 
 The Company maintains a cyber insurance policy. The Company has not had a security breach and has not incurred any expenses for a security breach in the past three years. 
 Other Corporate Policy Matters Whistleblower hotline GCE has a whistleblower hotline available to both internal and external parties. The whistleblower policy is disclosed on the GCE intranet for employees and disclosed on the GCE investor relations website for external parties. Hotline activity is managed by a third party and all claims are reviewed and monitored by the Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel. All claims are discussed at the quarterly Audit Committee meetings. 
 Seasonality Our service revenue normally fluctuates due to changes in our university partners enrollment which tends to be higher in the Spring and Fall periods and lower in the Summer. Our expenses do not normally fluctuate significantly during the year which results in fluctuations in operating income between quarters. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Seasonality . Competition There are dozens of companies that seek to partner with non-profit schools and state universities to assist in the development and operation of their educational programs. These companies provide various services that traditional institutions historically have not had the experience or organizational capability to fully support. These services include marketing and recruitment, enrollment management, curriculum development, online course design, student retention support, technology infrastructure, and student and faculty call center support. Among the largest companies in this sector are Pearson Online Learning Services, Wiley Education Services, and 2U. The education services market, particularly with regard to those companies that help traditional universities develop new degree programs often delivered online, has historically been characterized by a full-service, revenue-sharing model, based on the premise that most traditional institutions are not only operationally unprepared to offer these programs at scale but also are not equipped to make the significant upfront investments necessary to develop these programs organically. In recent years, an alternative unbundled fee-for-service model has emerged, in which the companies offer the same services, or some subset of services, for the market price of those services. Finally, other industry providers affiliate with university partners to offer massive open online courses, which are aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web at little or no cost to the student. The education services market is changing and expanding. It is highly fragmented and subject to evolving technology, shifting needs of students and educators and introductions of new delivery modalities. We believe that the competitive factors in the education services market include: reputation and brand awareness; quality of university partner base and performance track record; the effectiveness of marketing and sales efforts; robustness and evolution of technology solutions; breadth and depth of services offerings; convenient, flexible and dependable access to programs and classes; level of student support services; quality of student and faculty experience; cost of programs; and the time necessary to earn a degree. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Proprietary Rights We have developed and own, or are licensed to use, intellectual property that is or will be the subject of copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret, or other protections. This intellectual property includes but is not limited to technology, courseware materials and business know-how and internal processes and procedures developed to respond to the requirements of operating a post-secondary educational institution with a significant online campus and to comply with the rules and regulations of various education regulatory agencies. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, domain names, and agreements to protect our intellectual property. We protect our intellectual property by signing agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants, companies, and any other third party that creates intellectual property for us that assign any intellectual property rights to us. In addition, we seek to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information through the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business. While our intellectual property rights are important to us, we do not believe that the loss of any individual property right or group of related rights would have a material adverse effect on our overall business. Available Information We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2008 and completed our initial public offering in November 2008. Our principal executive offices are located at 2600 West Camelback Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85017, our telephone number is (602) 247-4400 and our Internet address is www.gce.com. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (hereafter, the SEC). In addition, our earnings conference calls are web cast live via our website. In addition to visiting our website, you may obtain any document we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing and our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. REGULATION OF OUR EDUCATION SERVICES BUSINESS Institutions of higher education in America are subject to extensive regulation by state post-secondary, licensure and certification agencies, accrediting commissions, and the federal government through the United States Department of Education ED under the Higher Education Act HEA ). The regulations, standards, and policies of these agencies cover the vast majority of operations of colleges and universities, including educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, athletics and financial condition. The HEA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are frequently revised, repealed or expanded. Congress historically has reauthorized and amended the HEA in regular intervals, approximately every five to seven years. The re-authorization process is currently under way. The re-authorization of the HEA could alter the regulatory landscape of the higher education industry, and thereby impact the manner in which we conduct business and serve our university partners. In addition, ED is independently conducting an ongoing series of rulemakings intended to assure the integrity of the Title IV programs. ED also frequently issues formal and informal guidance instructing institutions of higher education and other covered entities how to comply with various federal laws and regulations. ED guidance is subject to frequent change and may impact our business model. Prior to July 1, 2018, GCE, operated GCU. On July 1, 2018, GCE sold GCU to an independent, Arizona non-profit corporation (the Transaction ). As a result of the Transaction, we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs. Instead, we operate as an education service 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 company to institutions of higher education that do participate in Title IV programs. Nevertheless, we are required to comply with certain regulations promulgated by ED for the following reasons: Our operations are subject to regulation by ED due to our university partners participation in the federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of the HEA. Those Title IV programs include educational loans with below-market interest rates that are issued by the federal government under the Federal Direct Loan program (the FDL Program ), as well as grant programs for students with demonstrated financial need. To participate in the Title IV programs, a school must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state agency or agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified as an eligible institution by ED. As a third-party servicer under the HEA and the related regulations, we also have a direct relationship with ED. ED regulates our operations insofar as we are performing certain functions classified as third-party servicer functions under relevant regulations and sub-regulatory guidance. A Third-party servicer is any person or entity used by any eligible institution of higher education to administer, through either manual or automated processing, any aspect of such institution s student assistance programs. Third-party servicers must comply with a number of regulatory requirements. For example, they must conduct and submit to ED compliance audits under 34 C.F.R. 668.23 . In addition, they must comply with the requirements of 34 C.F.R. 668.25 , which among other things, requires third-party servicers, in their contracts with institutions, to be contractually obligated to, among other things: o Comply with all statutory provisions of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, including the requirement to use any funds that the servicer administers under any Title IV, HEA program and any interest or other earnings thereon solely for the purposes specified in and in accordance with that program; o Refer to the Office of Inspector General of ED for investigation any information indicating there is reasonable cause to believe that the institution might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with the institution s administration of any Title IV, HEA program or an applicant for Title IV, HEA program assistance might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with his or her application; and o Be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary for any violation by the servicer of any statutory provision of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, any regulatory provision prescribed under that statutory authority, and any applicable special arrangement, agreement, or limitation entered into under the authority of statutes applicable to Title IV of the HEA. 
 We are also subject to a number of data security and privacy regulations given our role as a third-party service provider, the compliance with which can materially impact our business model. In addition, as more fully described below, we are subject to some of the regulations imposed on our university partners by virtue of the nature of the services we provide. This area is evolving, however, and the scope of services covered by regulations may change. REGULATION OF OUR UNIVERSITY PARTNERS Our current university partners and all likely future university partners are required to be authorized by appropriate state post-secondary, licensure, and certification authorities. In addition, in order to participate in the federal student financial aid programs, our university partners will need to be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED. Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability. The HEA requires accrediting commissions recognized by ED to review and monitor many aspects of an institution s operations and to take appropriate action if the institution fails to meet the accrediting commission s standards. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 While we no longer own and operate an institution of higher education, nor do we directly participate in Title IV programs, regulatory matters that materially affect GCU and our other university partners will, necessarily, have a material impact on us. The following section describes regulatory matters that affect our university partners and that may affect us as an education service company to institutions of higher education generally. State Post-Secondary Education Regulation Our university partners are authorized to offer education by the relevant state authorizing agencies for the state in which the client is located. For example, GCU, our most significant university partner, is authorized to offer programs by the Arizona State Board for Private Postsecondary Education, the regulatory agency governing private post-secondary educational institutions in the State of Arizona, where it is located. This authorization is very important to our university partners and, as a result, to our business. To maintain their state authorization, our university partners must continuously meet standards relating to, among other things, educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures. Our university partners failure to comply with the requirements of a state regulatory agency could result in our university partners losing their ability to offer educational programs, which would cause our university partners to lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs and could force them, and us, to cease operations. Alternatively, a state regulatory body could restrict our university partners ability to offer new or certain degree and non-degree programs, which may impair our ability to grow. State regulatory requirements for online education have historically varied among the states. To address this issue and to meet ED requirements many schools have applied and sought to become an approved institutional participant in the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement SARA ). SARA is an agreement among member states, districts and territories that establishes comparable national standards for interstate offering of post-secondary distance education courses and programs. It is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state. SARA is overseen by a national council (NC-SARA) and administered by four regional education compacts. GCU is a member of SARA in Arizona (AZ-SARA), which is administered by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (referred to as W-SARA). There is a yearly renewal for participating in NC-SARA and AZ-SARA and institutions must agree to meet certain requirements to participate. As of December 31, 2022, all states other than California are members of SARA. Any state that does not participate in SARA may impose regulatory requirements on out-of-state higher education institutions operating within their boundaries, such as those having a physical facility or conducting certain academic activities within the state. GCU, for example, currently enrolls students in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Although it is currently licensed, authorized, in-process, or exempt in all non-SARA jurisdictions in which it operates, if it fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a state, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its state license or authorization by that state or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on our activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that state, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization by a university partner in any non-SARA state could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or offering services to current students in that state on behalf of such university partner, which could significantly affect our business. Individual state laws establish standards in areas such as instruction, qualifications of faculty, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, and other operational matters. To the extent required with respect to an educational service category covered by our contractual relationship, we expect to assist our university partners in meeting these requirements. Some states limit schools ability to offer educational programs and award degrees to residents of those states. Some states also prescribe financial regulations that are different from those of ED and may require the posting of surety bonds. While we are not directly subject to those laws, those laws may inhibit our university partners from expanding or operating in those states, limiting our ability to serve our university partners, which could significantly affect our business. In addition, state laws can indirectly regulate how GCE provides its services to its university partners. For example, some states have considered new requirements that would dictate what information GCE must convey to students and prospective students and impose reporting requirements related to the nature of our services. To the extent such requirements were ultimately enacted into law, they could significantly affect our business. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 State Professional Licensure Many states have specific requirements that an individual must satisfy in order to be licensed as a professional in specified fields, including fields such as healthcare, education, and counseling. These requirements vary by state and by field. A student s success in obtaining licensure following graduation typically depends on several factors, including the background and qualifications of the individual graduate, as well as the following factors, among others: whether the institution and the program were approved by the state in which the graduate seeks licensure, or by a professional association; whether the program from which the student graduated meets all requirements for professional licensure in that state; whether the institution and the program are accredited and, if so, by what accrediting commissions; and whether the institution s degrees are recognized by other states in which a student may seek to work. 
 Many states also require that graduates pass a state test or examination as a prerequisite to becoming certified in certain fields, such as nursing and teaching. Many states will certify individuals if they have already been certified in another state. Prior to opening a new off-campus classroom and laboratory site, university partners often require approval from the applicable state board to offer its programs at that location. This can delay the site opening and timing can vary based on the state and the university partner. Although not directly regulated by these entities, we must be mindful of the requirements placed by state professional licensure bodies on our university partner institutions to ensure those institutions maintain that licensure. Accreditation Accreditation is a private, non-governmental process for evaluating the quality of educational institutions and their programs in areas including student performance, governance, integrity, educational quality, faculty, physical resources, administrative capability and resources, and financial stability. To be recognized by ED, accrediting commissions must adopt specific standards for their review of educational institutions, conduct peer-review evaluations of institutions, and publicly designate those institutions that meet their criteria. An accredited school is subject to periodic review by its accrediting commissions to determine whether it continues to meet the performance, integrity and quality required for accreditation. Our most significant university partner, GCU has been regionally accredited by the HLC and its predecessor since 1968, most recently obtaining reaccreditation in 2017 for the ten-year period through 2027. The HLC is an accrediting agency recognized by the Secretary of Education and accredits entire institutions of higher education. The HLC has historically been categorized as a regional accreditor. Institutional accreditation by a recognized accreditation agency is one of the prerequisites for an institution of higher education to be eligible to disburse Title IV aid to students. In addition, GCU holds a number of programmatic accreditations related to the conduct of specific programs of the college. Other colleges and universities depend, in part, on an institution s accreditation (institutional, and, in some cases, programmatic) in evaluating transfers of credit and applications to graduate schools. Employers rely on the accredited status of institutions when evaluating candidates credentials, and students and corporate and government sponsors under tuition reimbursement programs look to accreditation for assurance that an institution maintains quality educational standards. University partners other than GCU may be accredited by different accrediting bodies that are likely to have standards that are different from those of the HLC. Moreover, other university partners may also hold various programmatic accreditations that set additional requirements related to specific programs. As we work with university partners in different regions we will need to work with those accrediting bodies and tailor our services to meet the requirements of those accreditors. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation of Federal Student Financial Aid Programs To be eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, an institution must comply with specific requirements contained in the HEA and the regulations issued thereunder by ED. An institution must, among other things, be licensed or authorized to offer its educational programs by the state in which it is physically located and maintain institutional accreditation by an accrediting commission recognized by ED. The substantial amount of federal funds disbursed to schools through the Title IV programs and the large number of students and institutions participating in these programs have caused Congress to require ED to exercise considerable regulatory oversight over educational institutions. As a result, our university partners are subject to extensive oversight and review. Because ED periodically revises its regulations and changes its interpretations of existing laws and regulations, we cannot predict with certainty how the Title IV program requirements will be applied in all circumstances to our university partners or to us directly. Significant regulations and other factors relating to the Title IV programs that could adversely affect us include the following: Congressional action. Congress must reauthorize the HEA on a periodic basis, usually every five to six years, and the most recent reauthorization through September 30, 2013, occurred in August 2008. The reauthorized HEA reauthorized all of the Title IV programs in which institutions participate but made numerous revisions to the requirements governing the Title IV programs, including provisions relating to student loan default rates and the formula for determining the maximum amount of revenue that institutions are permitted to derive from the Title IV programs. In addition, members of Congress periodically introduce legislation that would impact Title IV programs and the higher education industry generally. Because a significant percentage of our revenue is indirectly derived from the Title IV programs, any action by Congress that significantly reduces Title IV program funding or the ability of our university partners to participate in the Title IV programs could reduce the ability of some students to finance their education at our university partner institutions and materially decrease their student enrollment. CARES Act On March 27, 2020, former President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. Among other things, the 2.2 trillion bill established some flexibilities related to the processing of federal student financial aid, established a higher education emergency fund, and created relief for some federal student loan borrowers. Through the CARES Act, institutions of higher education were provided relief from conducting a return to Title IV (R2T4) calculation in cases where the student withdrew because of the COVID-19 pandemic, including removing the requirement that the institution return unearned funds to ED and providing loan cancellation for the portion of the Direct Loan associated with a payment period that the student did not complete due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act also allows institutions to exclude from satisfactory academic progress calculations any attempted credits that the student did not complete due to the COVID-19 pandemic, without requiring an appeal from the student. Additionally, under the legislation, institutions are permitted to transfer up to 100 of Federal Work-Study FWS funds into their Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant FSEOG allocation and are granted a waiver of the 2019/2020 and 2020/2021 non-federal share institutional match. Institutions may continue to make FWS payments to student employees who are unable to meet their employment obligations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. ED issued sub-regulatory guidance to institutions regarding implementation of the provisions included in the CARES Act. The CARES Act also suspended payments and interest accrual on federal student loans until September 30, 2020, in addition to suspending involuntary collections such as wage garnishment, tax refund reductions, and reductions of federal benefits like Social Security benefits during the same timeframe. On March 30, 2021, the Secretary of Education also extended student loan relief to all Federal Family Education Loans FFEL not previously covered. Through a series of administrative actions, student loan relief has been extended, including on August 24, 2022, when ED announced, a final extension of the pause on student loan repayment, interest, and collections through June 30, 2023. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Finally, the CARES Act allocated 14 billion to higher education through the creation of the Education Stabilization Fund. Fifty percent of the emergency funds received by institutions must go directly to students in the form of emergency financial aid grants to cover expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Students who were previously enrolled in exclusively online courses prior to March 13, 2020 are not eligible for these grants. Institutions may use remaining emergency funds not given to students for costs associated with significant changes to the delivery of instruction due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as long as such costs do not include payment to contractors for the provision of pre-enrollment recruitment activities, including marketing and advertising; endowments; or capital outlays associated with facilities related to athletics, sectarian instruction, or religious worship. Institutions received funds under the Education Stabilization Fund based on a formula that factors in their relative percentage of full-time, Federal Pell Grant-eligible students who were not exclusively enrolled in online education prior to the emergency period. On April 9, 2020, ED published guidance and funding levels for the Education Stabilization Fund. Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 On December 27, 2020, former President Trump signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. Among other things, this package funded the federal government through September 2021, provided additional COVID-related relief, and made a number of U.S. higher education changes. The legislation includes a number of tax provisions, including replacing the tuition deduction with an expanded Lifetime Learning Credit, which now shares the higher income limitations of the American Opportunity Tax Credit. The legislation also extends until January 1, 2026 expanded employer-provided educational assistance permitting employers to pay up to 5,250 toward an employee s federal student loans as a tax-free benefit. In addition, the legislation includes a number of higher education-related provisions, including: adopting the FAFSA Simplification Act, which includes eliminating the expected family contribution from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid FAFSA and replacing it with a Student Aid Index; expanding eligibility for Pell Grants; restoring Pell Grant eligibility for incarcerated students attending non-profit institutions; restoring quarters/semesters of Pell eligibility to students who have successfully asserted a borrower defense to repayment; repealing the limitation on lifetime subsidized loan eligibility (known as Subsidized Usage Limit Applies, or SULA); and significantly simplifying the FAFSA form. The ED published a FAFSA Simplification Information webpage on October 14, 2022 and is expected to provide institutions with guidance on the higher education provisions included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, which take effect on July 1, 2023. According to a tweet from the official account of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators NASFAA ), on February 7, 2023, at a NASFAA conference, the ED did not commit to an October 1, 2023 launch date for the FAFSA for 2024-2024, although the ED said it would be offered in the fourth quarter of 2023. It is unclear what, if any, this delay will have on our business. We will continue to monitor this situation. The bill also provided 22.7 billion for higher education institutions and students impacted by COVID-19 in which all of our university partners were eligible. Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2020 On January 5, 2021, former President Trump signed into law the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2020, which expanded student veterans protections. Among other things, the legislation requires a risk-based review of schools if an institution is operating under Heightened Cash Monitoring 2 or provisional approval status by ED, is subject to any punitive action by a federal or state entity, faces the loss or risk of loss of accreditation, or has converted from for-profit to non-profit status. The legislation also restores veterans benefits to students whose school closed, as long as the student transferred fewer than 12 credits from the closed school or program; protects students from debt collection by the VA for overpaid tuition benefits; and establishes a number of institutional requirements, including: providing clear disclosures about cost, loan debt, graduation and job placement rates, and acceptance of transfer credit; ensuring institutions are accommodating short absences due to service; prohibiting same-day recruitment and registration; and prohibiting more than three unsolicited recruiting contacts during any one-month period. Most 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 provisions became effective August 1, 2021. Institutions were permitted to seek waivers for certain sections of the new law if they were not able to satisfy compliance requirements by August 1, 2021. THRIVE Act On June 8, 2021, President Biden signed into law the Training in High-Demand Roles to Improve Veteran Employment Act (the THRIVE Act ), which amended provisions of the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act and the American Rescue Plan Act. The law requires the U.S. Department of Labor and VA to collaborate on a list of high-demand occupations for a rapid retraining assistance program. Additionally, the law requires the Government Accountability Office to report on the outcomes and effectiveness of retraining programs. The THRIVE Act amended the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act by clarifying that programs pursued solely through distance education on a half-time basis or less are not eligible for the housing stipend that is generally available for retraining programs. As noted above, the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act prohibits certain high-pressure recruiting tactics. The THRIVE Act requires the VA to take disciplinary action if a person with whom an institution has a recruiting or educational services agreement violates the VA s incentive compensation bans. REMOTE Act On December 21, 2021, President Biden signed into law the Responsible Education Mitigating Options and Technical Extensions REMOTE Act, which amended provisions of the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act, the American Rescue Plan Act, and the THRIVE Act. The law includes changes to help institutions satisfy the Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act s requirements by using the College Financing Plan template, in addition to extending some COVID-related flexibilities previously granted amid the pandemic. The law also extended remote learning waivers through June 1, 2022, simplified the VA verification process for tuition reimbursement, and fixed a technical error to ensure U.S. institutions of higher education can continue to use incentive compensation to recruit foreign students without losing GI Bill funding for their students. Ensuring the Best Schools for Veterans Act of 2022 On August 26, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Ensuring the Best Schools for Veterans Act of 2022, which amended prior statutory language and made modifications to how the VA operationalizes the 85/15 requirement (that is, the rule that generally forbids use of Department of Veterans Affairs benefits for students enrolling in a program in which more than 85 of students enrolled in the program have any portion of their tuition, fees, or other charges paid to or for them by the institution or by the VA). Among other things, the law clarifies that reporting associated with the 85/15 requirement does not apply to institutions at which 35 or fewer students receive GI bill benefits. The law also exempts programs for which fewer than 10 students have any portion of their tuition, fees, or other charges paid to or for them by the institution or by the VA. Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022. The bill allocated 76.4 billion to the Department of Education and its programs, including an increase to the maximum Pell Grant award, bringing the total to 6,895 for the 2022-23 award year. In addition, campus-based aid programs were increased, with 895 million allocated for the FSEOG program, an increase of 15 million above the FY 2021 enacted level, and 1.21 billion allocated for FWS, an increase of 20 million above the FY 2021 enacted level. In addition to the increases in federal student aid funding, the bill provided 2.1 billion for career, technical, and adult education, 61 million above the FY 2021 enacted level, and an additional 3 billion for higher education programs, 452 million more than the FY 2021 enacted level. The bill also dictated ED requirements related to federal loan servicing, including appropriations for just over 2 billion for expenses related to the administration of the federal loan program, and made a number of changes to the FAFSA Simplification Act. Eligibility and certification procedures. Each institution must apply periodically to ED for continued certification to participate in the Title IV programs. Such recertification generally is required every six years, but may be 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 required earlier, including when an institution undergoes a change in control. To the extent ED suspends, limits, modifies, conditions, or terminates any client institution s eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs, that action is likely to have a negative impact on our business. Indeed, this could range from disallowing the institution from adding new programs or terminating the institution from Title IV eligibility. The Transaction resulted in a change in control of our most significant university partner, GCU, following which it began operating as a non-profit university and necessitating the application by GCU to ED for approval of the change in control and for a new program participation agreement. In November 2019, GCU received a new provisional Program Participation Agreement PPA ), which granted GCU the ability to participate in the Title IV programs on a provisional basis through September 30, 2022. As required, GCU filed a renewal application three months in advance of the scheduled expiration date. ED has not made a decision on its recertification application, and therefore its provisional certification to participate in the Title IV programs has been automatically extended on a month-to-month basis until ED makes its decision. Institutions are routinely given a month-to-month extension on their PPA until ED has completed its review of the application. For example, when GCU s provisional PPA expired in June 2008, it continued to receive a month-to-month extension between that date and April 2011 when ED issued it a new, provisional PPA. For a school that is certified on a provisional basis, ED may revoke the institution s certification without advance notice or advance opportunity for the institution to challenge that action. For a school that is provisionally certified on a month-to-month basis, like GCU, ED may allow the institution s certification to expire at the end of any month without advance notice, and without any formal procedure for review of such action. To our knowledge, such action is very rare and has only occurred upon a determination that an institution is in substantial violation of material Title IV requirements. Administrative capability. ED regulations specify extensive criteria by which an institution must establish that it has the requisite administrative capability to participate in the Title IV programs. To meet the administrative capability standards, an institution must, among other things: comply with all applicable Title IV program requirements; have an adequate number of qualified personnel to administer the Title IV programs; have acceptable standards for measuring the satisfactory academic progress of its students; not have student loan cohort default rates above specified levels; have various procedures in place for awarding, disbursing and safeguarding Title IV funds and for maintaining required records; administer the Title IV programs with adequate checks and balances in its system of internal controls; not be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is cause for debarment or suspension; provide financial aid counseling to its students; refer to ED s Office of Inspector General any credible information indicating that any student, parent, employee, third-party servicer or other agent of the institution has engaged in any fraud or other illegal conduct involving the Title IV programs; submit all required reports and consolidated financial statements in a timely manner; and not otherwise appear to lack administrative capability. 
 As an education services company, we assist our university partners with some facets of these criteria. As such, we must be mindful of, and compliant with, the administrative capability requirements. If an institution fails to satisfy any of these criteria, ED may: require the institution to repay Title IV funds its students previously received; transfer the institution from the advance method of payment of Title IV funds to heightened cash monitoring status or the reimbursement system of payment; place the institution on provisional certification status; or commence a proceeding to impose a fine or to limit, suspend or terminate the institution s participation in the Title IV programs. 
 Imposition of these sanctions could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Financial responsibility. The HEA and ED regulations establish extensive standards of financial responsibility that institutions must satisfy in order to participate in the Title IV programs. ED evaluates institutions for compliance with these standards on an annual basis based on the institution s annual audited consolidated financial statements, as well as when the institution applies to ED to have its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs recertified. The most significant financial responsibility standard is the institution s composite score, which is derived from a formula established by ED based on three financial ratios: equity ratio, which measures the institution s capital resources, financial viability and ability to borrow; primary reserve ratio, which measures the institution s ability to support current operations from expendable resources; and net income ratio, which measures the institution s ability to operate at a profit or within its means. 
 ED assigns a strength factor to the results of each of these ratios on a scale from negative 1.0 to positive 3.0, with negative 1.0 reflecting financial weakness and positive 3.0 reflecting financial strength. ED then assigns a weighting percentage to each ratio and adds the weighted scores for the three ratios together to produce a composite score for the institution. The composite score for an institution s most recent fiscal year must be at least 1.5 for the institution to be deemed financially responsible without the need for further ED oversight. In addition to having an acceptable composite score, an institution must, among other things, provide the administrative resources necessary to comply with Title IV program requirements, meet all of its financial obligations, including required refunds to students and any Title IV liabilities and debts, be current in its debt payments, and not receive an adverse, qualified, or disclaimed opinion by its accountants in its audited consolidated financial statements. As an education service company, we are not directly subject to this regulation. However, if ED were to determine that a university partner institution did not meet the financial responsibility standards due to a failure to meet the composite score or other financial responsibility factors, ED could impose a range of sanctions on the institution, such as requiring the institution to post a letter of credit, accept provisional certification (which would hamper the ability of the institution to add new programs), comply with additional ED monitoring requirements, agree to receive Title IV program funds under an arrangement other than ED s standard advance funding arrangement, such as the reimbursement system of payment or heightened cash monitoring, and comply with or accept other limitations on the ability to increase the number of programs it offers or the number of students it enrolls, any of which sanctions on our university partners could also adversely affect our business. In addition, because other regulators may use the composite score for their purposes, a poor composite score could have additional effects. For example, NC-SARA utilizes the composite score in determining whether an institution is eligible to participate in SARA. Per the audited financial statements of GCU as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, GCU s composite score was 1.8 and 1.9, respectively, using the proprietary school calculation methodology. If GCU s future composite scores do not exceed 1.5, ED could impose sanctions. If any such sanctions were imposed, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. Return of Title IV funds for students who withdraw. When a student who has received Title IV program funds withdraws from school, the institution must determine the amount of Title IV program funds the student has earned and then must return the unearned Title IV program funds (a return to Title IV to the appropriate lender or ED in a timely manner, which is generally no later than 45 days after the date the institution determined that the student withdrew. If such payments are not timely made, the institution will be required to submit a letter of credit to ED equal to 25 of the Title IV funds that the institution should have returned for withdrawn students in its most recently completed fiscal year. Under ED regulations, the letter of credit requirement is triggered by late returns of Title IV program funds for 5 or more of the withdrawn students (and involving more than two student refunds) in the audit sample in the institution s annual Title IV compliance audit for either of the institution s two most recent fiscal years or in a ED program review. Additionally, on January 4, 2023, the ED announced their intention to issue new regulations in eight different areas of higher education regulations via negotiated rulemaking, including on Return to Title IV funds. No specific proposals have been put forth at this time. To the extent our services for a university partner include conducting returns to Title IV, as they do with GCU, we would likely be jointly and severally liable to ED, along with the relevant university partner, for return of those funds. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The 90/10 Rule. A requirement of the HEA, commonly referred to as the 90/10 Rule, that is applicable only to proprietary, post-secondary educational institutions, provides that an institution loses its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if the institution derives more than 90 of its revenue for each of two consecutive fiscal years from Title IV program funds. For purposes of the 90/10 Rule, revenue is calculated under a complex regulatory formula that requires cash basis accounting and other adjustments to the calculation of an institution s revenue under generally accepted accounting principles that appears in its consolidated financial statements. Under the 90/10 Rule, an institution becomes ineligible to participate in the Title IV programs as of the first day of the fiscal year following the second consecutive fiscal year in which it exceeds the 90 threshold, and its period of ineligibility extends for at least two consecutive fiscal years. If an institution exceeds the 90 threshold for two consecutive fiscal years and it and its students have received Title IV funds during the subsequent period of ineligibility, the institution will be required to return those Title IV funds to the applicable lender or the ED. If an institution s rate exceeds 90 for any single fiscal year, it will be placed on provisional certification for at least two fiscal years. Using the ED s cash-basis, regulatory formula under the 90/10 Rule as currently in effect, GCU, our most significant client, derived approximately 66.2 and 69.7 of its 90/10 Rule revenue from Title IV program funds for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, per GCU s audited financial statements. Accordingly, even if ED continues to treat GCU as a proprietary institution for Title IV purposes, we do not expect this rule to have any material impact on GCU. In March 2021, the 1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA was signed into law. Among other things, the ARPA also includes a provision that amends the 90/10 rule. The ARPA amends the 90/10 rule by treating other Federal funds that are disbursed or delivered to or on behalf of a student to be used to attend such institution in the same way as Title IV funds are currently treated in the 90/10 rule calculation. This means that institutions subject to the 90/10 Rule will be required to limit the combined amount of Title IV funds and applicable Federal funds revenue in a fiscal year to no more than 90 in a fiscal year as calculated under the rule. Consequently, the ARPA change to the 90/10 rule is expected to increase the 90/10 rule calculations at GCU. The ARPA does not identify the specific Federal funding programs that will be covered by this provision, but it is expected to include funding from federal student aid programs such as the veterans benefits programs. GCU has informed us that it does not believe any change to the 90/10 rule calculation being currently discussed will have a material impact on its calculation. The ARPA states that the amendments to the 90/10 rule apply to institutional fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and are subject to the HEA s negotiated rulemaking process which may not commence earlier than October 1, 2021. ED started the negotiated rulemaking process in January 2022. In March 2022, the negotiated rulemaking committee reached consensus on changes to the 90/10 Rule. On July 26, 2022, ED released proposed 90/10 regulations consistent with this consensus language which revised the definition of federal education assistance that will include tuition assistance programs offered by the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA ), in addition to the Title IV programs already covered by the 90/10 Rule. On October 27, 2022, following a 30 day comment period that ended August 26, 2022, ED released final 90/10 regulations, which are consistent with the consensus language. The new 90/10 regulations are effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Other legislation has been introduced in both chambers of Congress that seeks to modify the 90/10 Rule further, including proposals to change the ratio requirement to 85/15 (federal to nonfederal revenue), or to eliminate the 90/10 Rule. We cannot predict whether or how legislative or regulatory changes will affect the 90/10 Rule. Student loan defaults. Under the HEA, an educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if defaults by its students on the repayment of their federal student loans exceed certain levels. For each federal fiscal year, ED calculates a rate of student defaults for each institution (known as a cohort default rate ). The rate is calculated by determining the rate at which borrowers who became subject to their repayment obligation in one federal fiscal year default in that same year or by the end of the second year following the first federal fiscal year (known as the three-year method ). ED applies legal thresholds to measure an institution s compliance. If ED notifies an institution that its cohort default rates exceeded 30 , for each of its three most recent federal fiscal years, the institution s participation in the 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 FDL Program and the Pell grant program would end 30 days after that notification, unless the institution appeals that determination in a timely manner on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. In addition, an institution s participation in the FDL Program would end 30 days after notification by ED that its most recent cohort default rate, is greater than 40 , unless the institution timely appeals that determination on specified grounds and according to specified procedures. An institution whose participation ends under either of these provisions may not participate in the relevant programs for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the institution receives the notification or for the next two fiscal years. If an institution s cohort default rate for any single federal fiscal year equals or exceeds 30 , ED may place the institution on provisional certification status. While we cannot directly influence a university partner s cohort default rates, and do not provide default rate management services, in the course of performing services for a university partner we would work to assist such university partner in ensuring that its cohort default rates do not present a compliance risk under this regulation. Nonetheless, if a university partner institution exceeded the threshold under the three-year method, the sanction imposed could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. While GCU s cohort default rates have historically been significantly below these levels, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Student Loan Relief. On August 24, 2022, ED announced that it would provide student loan relief to eligible borrowers to address financial hardships in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the relief measures, up to 10,000 in student debt will be forgiven for individual borrowers earning less than 125,000 or married couples or heads of household earning less than 250,000, and up to 20,000 will be forgiven for such borrowers who formerly received Pell Grants. In a memorandum prepared by ED General Counsel, ED stated that it has interpreted provisions of the Higher Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act of 2003 to authorize the Secretary to exercise broad discretion in granting student loan relief. Since ED s student loan relief announcement, multiple lawsuits have been filed against ED challenging its authority to grant such relief. The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on this matter on February 28, 2023 and will likely issue an opinion in June 2023. We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits. ED also announced its intent to publish a proposed rule to create a new income-driven repayment plan to reduce future monthly payments for lower- and middle-income borrowers. The new plan would include a lower payment cap, coverage of unpaid monthly interest, and loan forgiveness after 10 years of payment for borrowers with original loan balances under a certain threshold. Incentive compensation rule. An institution that participates in the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment, admissions, or financial aid awarding activity. In its program participation agreement with ED, each higher education institution agrees that it will not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based in any part, directly or indirectly, upon success in securing enrollments or the award of financial aid, to any person or entity who is engaged in any student recruitment or admission activity, or in making decisions regarding the award of Title IV, HEA program funds. Pursuant to this rule, we are prohibited from offering our covered employees, who are those employees involved with or responsible for recruiting or admissions activities, any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the successful recruitment, admission or enrollment of students into a postsecondary institution. We are also precluded from offering our covered employees who work on financial aid matters (if any), any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the award of financial aid to students enrolled in a postsecondary institution. In addition, the incentive compensation rule raises a question as to whether companies like ours, as an entity, are prohibited from entering into tuition revenue-sharing arrangements with university partners. On March 17, 2011, ED issued official agency guidance, known as a Dear Colleague Letter, or a DCL, providing guidance on this point. The DCL states that [t]he Department generally views payment based on the amount of tuition generated as an indirect payment of incentive compensation based on success in recruitment and therefore a prohibited basis upon which to measure the value of the services provided and that [t]his is true regardless of the manner in which the entity compensates its employees. But the DCL also provides an important exception to the ban on tuition revenue-sharing arrangements between institutions and third parties. According to the DCL, ED does not consider payment based on the amount of tuition generated by an institution to violate the incentive compensation ban if the payment compensates an unaffiliated third party that provides a set of bundled services that includes recruitment services, such as those we 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 provide. Example 2-B in the DCL is described as a possible business model developed with the statutory mandate in mind. Example 2-B describes the following as a possible business model: A third-party that is not affiliated with the institution it serves and is not affiliated with any other institution that provides educational services, provides bundled services to the institution including marketing, enrollment application assistance, recruitment services, course support for online delivery of courses, the provision of technology, placement services for internships, and student career counseling. The institution may pay the entity an amount based on tuition generated for the institution by the entity s activities for all the bundled services that are offered and provided collectively, as long as the entity does not make prohibited compensation payments to its employees, and the institution does not pay the entity separately for student recruitment services provided by the entity. The DCL guidance indicates that an arrangement that complies with Example 2-B will be deemed to be in compliance with the incentive compensation provisions of the HEA and ED s regulations. Our business model and contractual arrangements with our university partners closely follow Example 2-B in the DCL. In addition, we assure that none of our covered employees is paid any bonus or other incentive compensation in violation of the rule. Because the bundled services rule was promulgated in the form of agency guidance issued by ED in the form of a DCL and is not codified by statute or regulation, the rule could be altered or removed without prior notice, public comment period or other administrative procedural requirements that accompany formal agency rulemaking. Similarly, a court could invalidate the rule in an action involving our company or our university partners, or in action that does not involve us at all. The revision, removal or invalidation of the bundled services rule by Congress, ED or a court could require us to change our business model. In addition, we have requested guidance from ED that our specific model is proper under the incentive compensation rule and that our company is not an affiliate of GCU for purposes of the DCL. We are awaiting a response to this guidance request. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business - If we are determined to have paid improper incentive compensation to our covered employees, or tuition sharing arrangements are deemed to violate the incentive compensation regulations, our business will be impaired. Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations . ED has long had a regulation that establishes standards for borrowers that govern their ability to raise defenses to their obligation to repay certain Title IV loans, which defenses were based on certain acts or omissions of the institution that relate to the making of the loan for enrollment at the school or the provision of educational services for which the loan was provided and that gave rise to a cause of action under state law against the school. This regulation currently applies to all loans first disbursed prior to July 1, 2017. In 2016, ED published a regulatory package related to Borrower Defense to Repayment. This was a highly consequential rule that, among other things, would make it easier for borrowers individually or in groups to extinguish, in whole or in part, their student loans based on whether: The borrower or a governmental agency, has obtained against the school a nondefault, favorable contested judgment based on state or federal law in a court of administrative tribunal; The institution failed to perform its obligations under the terms of a contract with the student; or The school or any of its representatives (including contractors) or any institution, organization, or person with whom the school has an agreement to provide educational programs, or to provide marketing, advertising, recruiting or admissions services, made a substantial misrepresentation (as defined by ED regulations) that the borrower reasonably relied on to the borrower s detriment when the borrower decided to attend, or to continue attending, the school or decided to take out a Direct Loan. 
 These regulations also established separate procedures for claims initiated for individual borrowers and claims initiated for groups of borrowers as well as separate procedures in the event that the institution is open or closed. The rules established varying, borrower-favorable statutes of limitations for the initiation of claims and, in some cases, 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 imposed an unlimited statute of limitations. If the ED official or hearing official approves the borrower s defense to repayment through the applicable administrative process established in the proposed regulations, ED may discharge the borrower s obligation to repay some or all of the borrower s student loans, may return to the borrower amounts already paid by the borrower toward the discharged portion of the loan, and may initiate a separate proceeding to collect the discharged and returned amounts from the institution. Although ED attempted to prevent the effectiveness of these regulations, an October 2018 court decision mandated that the Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations that were originally published by ED in 2016 are now in effect and apply to loans first disbursed after July 1, 2017, and (because of recent regulatory developments) prior to July 1, 2020. On September 23, 2019, ED published new regulations related to the Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations. These regulations, which went into effect July 1, 2020 modify the existing regulations to now permit borrowers to raise as a defense to repayment on a student loan any statement, act, or omission to a borrower that is false, misleading, or deceptive; made with knowledge of its false, misleading, or deceptive nature or with a reckless disregard for the truth; and directly and clearly related to the making of a Direct Loan for enrollment at the school or the provision of educational services for which the loan was made. Among other things, the new regulations modify the procedures and standards for borrowers to assert through an ED-administered process a defense to the borrowers obligation to repay certain Title IV loans first disbursed on or after July 1, 2020, based on certain acts or omissions by the institution or a covered party. The procedures establish a process for students to obtain a loan discharge by establishing by a preponderance of the evidence that the institution made a misrepresentation of material fact, upon which the borrower reasonably relied in deciding to obtain a covered loan, where such misrepresentation directly and clearly relates to enrollment or continuing enrollment at the institution or to the provision of educational services for which the loan was made, and where the borrower was financially harmed by the misrepresentation. The regulations establish revised definitions for misrepresentation and financial harm, identify a nonexclusive list of items that may be evidence that a misrepresentation occurred, identify a list of items that do not constitute a basis for a defense to repayment. The regulations also set forth rules on a limitations period for submitting claims and circumstances for extending this period, on the requirements for submitting an application for a discharge, on the consideration of the application by ED, on the opportunities for the institution to respond and submit evidence, and on the process for discharging the borrower s loan and for ED to seek recovery of the discharged amounts from the institution. In addition to revising the claims for defenses to repayment, the 2019 Borrower Defense to Repayment regulations that became effective on July 1, 2020, revises the financial responsibility regulations that were a part of the 2016 version of those regulations. The 2019 regulation shortens and reduces the scope of the list of events that could result in ED determining that an institution has failed ED s financial responsibility standards and requiring a letter of credit or other form of acceptable financial protection and the acceptance of other conditions or requirements. Specifically, the regulations establish revised lists of mandatory triggering events and discretionary triggering events. The regulation also establishes discretionary triggering events for which ED may determine that an institution is not able to meet its financial or administrative obligations if the events are likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution. The regulations require the institution to notify ED of the occurrence of a mandatory or discretionary event in accordance with procedures established by ED, typically within 10 days of the occurrence of the event with certain exceptions. ED may make a determination that an institution fails to meet the financial responsibility standards based on the occurrence of one or more mandatory or discretionary triggers and impose a letter of credit and/or other conditions upon the institution. As with the 2016 version of this rule, the 2019 version of the regulations could require institutions we service like GCU to submit a letter of credit or other form of acceptable financial protection and accept other conditions or requirements. This could put financial strain on our university partners and negatively affect our business. On August 10, 2021, the ED announced its intention to establish a negotiated rulemaking committee to develop proposed regulations for borrower defenses to repayment and other topics related to programs authorized under Title IV of the HEA. Negotiated rulemaking for the Affordability and Student Loans Committee began in October 2021 and concluded in December 2021, with the committee failing to reach consensus on Borrower Defense to Repayment BDTR ). On October 31, 2022, the ED released final BDTR regulations. Among other things, the final rule sets a single standard and streamlined process for relief that will apply to all future and pending BDTR claims as of July 1, 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 2023, instead of various standards based on the date of the borrower s first loan disbursement; define what kinds of misconduct could lead to borrower defense discharges, including substantial misrepresentations, substantial omissions of fact, breaches of contract, aggressive and deceptive recruitment, and state or federal judgments or final ED actions that could give rise to a BDTR claim; establish a reconsideration process for borrowers whose claims are not approved for a full discharge; and create a process for forming groups of borrowers and adjudicating claims based on the common facts of those group claims. The final rule also sets the expectation that the ED will hold colleges accountable for the cost of discharges, including establishing a recoupment process separate from the approval of BDTR claims. In addition, the final rule prohibits institutions from requiring borrowers to sign mandatory pre-dispute arbitration agreements or class action waivers for claims related to the making of a Federal Direct Loan or the provision of educational services for which the loan was obtained. Note, the borrower defense to repayment regulations discussed herein were and are extensive and this does not attempt to discuss all the facets of any of the versions of these regulations. We cannot determine what effect of these regulations on out university partners or on GCE. Compliance reviews. Our client institutions are subject to announced and unannounced compliance reviews and audits by various external agencies, including ED, its Office of Inspector General, state licensing agencies, the applicable state approving agencies for financial assistance to veterans, and accrediting commissions. As part of ED s ongoing monitoring of institutions administration of the Title IV programs, the HEA also requires institutions to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. In addition, to enable ED to make a determination of an institution s financial responsibility, each institution must annually submit audited financial statements prepared in accordance with ED regulations. Additionally, on October 8, 2021, ED announced establishment of an Office of Enforcement within ED s Office of Federal Student Aid, designed to strengthen oversight over and enforcement against postsecondary schools that participate in federal student loan, grant, and work-study programs. The Office of Enforcement restores an office first established by ED in 2016. ED announced the Office of Enforcement would comprise four existing divisions: Administrative Actions and Appeals Services Group, Borrower Defense Group, Investigations Group, and Resolution and Referral Management Group. ED intends the Office of Enforcement to coordinate with other state and federal partners, including the Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Trade Commission, and state attorneys general. As a third-party servicer, not only are our university partners subject to reviews and audits that may require our involvement, but we are also subject to program reviews from ED and the Office of the Inspector General. Further, we also have an obligation to annually submit to ED a Title IV compliance audit conducted by an independent certified public accountant in accordance with applicable federal and ED audit standards. Gainful employment rules. Under the HEA, proprietary schools are eligible to participate in Title IV programs in respect of educational programs that lead to gainful employment in a recognized occupation, with the limited exception of qualified programs leading to a bachelor s degree in liberal arts. ED attempted to define this in a series of regulations from 2010 to 2016. On July 1, 2019, ED rescinded the previously enacted gainful employment regulations. While this change was effective July 1, 2020, ED also permitted institutions to enact this change as early as July 1, 2019, so long as any such institution made manifest its intention to be subject to the rescinded regulations. It is our understanding that GCU had made manifest that intention and, as of July 1, 2019, is no longer subject to the gainful employment rules. While GCU largely complied with the previously published gainful employment rules, the previously published draft rates did indicate that four current degree programs were in the Zone that is, potentially faced sanctions in the future if GCU could not reform the program to comply with the regulations including three undergraduate education programs and the Masters in Theology. On December 8, 2021, ED announced its intention to establish negotiated rulemaking committees to develop proposed regulations for gainful employment and other topics related to programs authorized under Title IV of the HEA. Negotiated rulemaking committee sessions occurred January-March 2022, and the Institutional and Programmatic Eligibility committee failed to reach consensus on the Gainful Employment topic. ED has indicated its intention to 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 publish draft Gainful Employment rules in April 2023, which would be effective no earlier than July 2024. While we are watching this process closely, we cannot determine what the outcome will be or the effect of these regulations on out university partners or on GCE. Substantial misrepresentation . The HEA prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in substantial misrepresentation of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges, or the employability of its graduates. ED has defined a misrepresentation as any statement made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services to the institution that is false, erroneous or has the likelihood or tendency to deceive. A substantial misrepresentation is any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person s detriment. The regulation also covers statements made by any representative of an institution, including agents, employees and subcontractors, and statements made directly or indirectly to any third party, including state agencies, government officials or the public, and not just to students or prospective students. Therefore, we are subject to this regulation. Considering the breadth of the definition of substantial misrepresentation, it is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or contractors may make statements that could be construed as substantial misrepresentations for which our university partners would be held responsible by ED. We and our employees and subcontractors, as agents of our university partners, must use a high degree of care to comply with such rules and are prohibited by contract from making any false, erroneous or misleading statements about our university partners. To avoid an issue under the misrepresentation rule and similar rules, we assure that all marketing materials are approved in advance by our university partners before they are used by our employees and we carefully monitor our subcontractors. Additionally, matters regarding substantial misrepresentation, and defining what constitutes aggressive recruiting, are currently the subject of negotiated rulemaking. While we are watching this process closely, we cannot determine what the outcome will be or the effect of these regulations on out university partners or on GCE. Despite our best efforts, we may face complaints from students and prospective students of our university partners over statements made by us and our agents throughout the conduct of our services which would expose our university partners, and derivatively us, to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the Federal False Claims Act. Also, if ED determines that an institution (including its contractors) has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, ED may revoke an institution s program participation agreement, impose limitations on the institution s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Similar rules apply under state laws or are incorporated in institutional accreditation standards and the Federal Trade Commission FTC applies similar rules prohibiting any unfair or deceptive marketing practices to the education sector. On October 6, 2021 the FTC announced that it is resurrecting Penalty Offense Authority under Section 5(m) of the FTC Act (the Act ). Under the Act, the FTC may secure penalties against entities not a party to an original proceeding if the FTC can show that the entity had actual knowledge that the conduct in question was found to be unfair or deceptive. Entities that have actual knowledge of acts or practices the FTC has found to be unlawful and that subsequently engage in such unlawful acts or practices may be held liable for civil penalties up to 50,120 per violation. Also on October 6, 2021, in an effort to establish actual knowledge and create a pathway for penalties in the event of post-notice acts or practices, the FTC issued notice to the 70 largest for-profit schools based on enrollment and revenues. The notice included a list of acts and practices that the FTC has determined are unfair or deceptive, including but not limited to acts relating to misrepresentation of employment opportunities and other benefits, together with citation to various prior determinations from cases previously litigated by the FTC. GCU received the FTC s notice on October 7, 2021. The FTC made clear that receipt of the notice itself does not reflect any assessment as to whether GCU has engaged in deceptive or unfair conduct. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 If ED or another regulator determines that statements made by us or on our behalf are in violation of the regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Negotiated Rulemaking. ED periodically issues new regulations and guidance that can have an adverse effect on our partner institutions. ED has changed its regulations, and may make other changes in the future, in a manner which could require us to incur additional costs in connection with providing the services that we provide our partners affect their ability to remain eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, impose restrictions on their participation in the Title IV programs, affect the rate at which students enroll in our partners programs, or otherwise have a significant impact on our business and results of operations. We cannot predict the timing and content of any new regulations or guidance that ED may seek to impose or whether and to what extent ED under the new administration may issue new regulations and guidance that could adversely impact our partner institutions. In May 2021, ED announced its intention to establish negotiated rulemaking committees to prepare proposed regulations on an extensive range of topics including without limitation changes of ownership and change in control of institutions of higher education, certification procedures for participation in the Title IV programs, standards of administrative capability, ability to benefit standards, borrower defense to repayment, discharges for borrowers with a total and permanent disability, closed school loan discharges, discharges for false certification of student eligibility, loan repayment plans, the public service loan forgiveness program, mandatory pre-dispute arbitration and prohibition of class action lawsuits provisions in institutional enrollment agreements, financial responsibility standards including events that indicate heightened financial risk, gainful employment, and Pell Grant eligibility for prison education programs. Additionally, on October 4, 2021, ED published a notice in the Federal Register announcing its intention to establish a negotiated rulemaking committee to prepare proposed regulations affecting institutional and programmatic eligibility, including the gainful employment rule and the 90/10 rule changes made by the ARPA. ED published many of these regulations in Fall of 2022, some of which are discussed herein. Additionally, ED is expected to publish proposed regulations related to gainful employment in the Federal Register for public comment in April 2023. If the final regulations are published by or before November 1, 2023, then the regulations typically would not take effect until July 1, 2024. However, we cannot predict the ultimate timing and content of any final regulations following the conclusion of the rulemaking process. The negotiated rulemaking process could lead to future ED regulations that could adversely impact our partner institutions. On January 4, 2023, ED announced their intention to issue new regulations in eight different areas of higher education regulations via negotiated rulemaking. The topics include: Distance Education Accreditation and Related Issues State Authorization Third-Party Servicers and Related Agencies Cash Management Return to Title IV Federal TRIO Programs Improving Use of Deferments and Forbearances. 
 While ED has announced their intent to move forward on these topics in April, no proposed language has yet been put forth. It is expected that ED will soon give dates and times for at least two or more regional field hearings seeking public comment on the proposed regulatory topics they intend to review and rewrite. They will also provide a calendar for when the required negotiated rulemaking sessions will be held. While we will be watching this closely, we cannot predict what, if any impact this rulemaking will have on our business. We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years and that may occur as a result of the upcoming negotiated rulemaking, nor can we predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our education programs or other aspects of our operations, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our partner institutions will be able to comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 affect our programs and operations could have a material adverse effect on our student population and our partner institutions, including the need to cease offering a number of programs. Regulatory Standards that May Restrict Institutional Expansion or Other Changes Many actions that our university partners may wish to take in connection with expanding their operations or other changes are subject to review or approval by the applicable regulatory agencies. For example, requirements and standards of state post-secondary agencies, accrediting commissions, and ED limit an institution s ability in certain instances to establish additional teaching locations, implement new educational programs, or increase enrollment in certain programs. Many states require review and approval before institutions can add new locations or programs, and many states limit the number of pre-licensure professional students (such as nursing) colleges may enroll. Similarly, accrediting agencies (institutional and programmatic) generally require institutions to notify them in advance of adding new locations or implementing new programs, and upon notification may undertake a review of the quality of the facility or the program and the financial, academic, and other qualifications of the institution. With respect to ED, if an institution participating in the Title IV programs plans to add a new location or educational program, the institution must generally apply to ED to have the additional location or educational program designated as within the scope of the institution s Title IV eligibility. Institutions that are fully certified to participate in the Title IV programs are not required to obtain ED s approval of additional programs that lead to a bachelor s, professional, or graduate degree at the same degree level as programs previously approved by ED, and, similarly, is not required to obtain advance approval for new programs that prepare students for gainful employment in the same or a related recognized occupation as an educational program that has previously been designated by ED as an eligible program at that institution if it meets certain minimum-length requirements. GCU, because it is currently certified to participate in the Title IV programs on a month-to-month basis, is required to obtain ED approval for new programs, which requirement could impede GCU s ability to introduce new programs and slow its growth. Item 1A. Risk Factors There are many factors that affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and distributions, as well as the market price for our securities. The following is a description of important factors that may cause our actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from those currently expected or discussed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law. See Forward-Looking Statements. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with other information set forth in this Annual Report, including Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, including the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We currently provide services to 27 university partners across the United States, GCU is, and will for the foreseeable future remain, our most significant university partner. Accordingly, the risk factors set forth below also include risks attributable to GCU s operations, which could materially affect us. Risks Related to Our Relationship with GCU A large percentage of our revenue is attributable to our contractual relationship as a service provider to GCU, and the loss of, or a decline in enrollment in, GCU programs could significantly reduce our revenue and impact our overall financial performance. We expect the revenue derived from our Master Services Agreement with GCU to account for a large percentage of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Any decline in reputation or changes in policies of GCU could adversely affect its student enrollment and its overall financial and operating results, which could materially impact us. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, GCU has the right to terminate the Master Services Agreement early after seven (7) years and, upon the termination or expiration of the Master Services Agreement, GCU is not required to continue using us as the provider of the services set forth thereunder. If GCU were to terminate or not renew its relationship with us, or if certain of the programs offered by GCU pursuant to the Master Services Agreement were to materially underperform for any reason, it could negatively affect our reputation, revenue and future operating results. GCU s board of trustees and management have fiduciary and other duties that require them to focus on the best interests of GCU and, over time, those interests could diverge from those of GCE. While GCE believes that its relationship with GCU will remain strong, GCU s board of trustees and management have fiduciary and other duties that require them to focus on the best interests of GCU and, over time, those interests could diverge from those of GCE. Our Chief Executive Officer s role as President of GCU may adversely affect his ability to run GCE . Mr. Brian E. Mueller has served as the Chief Executive Officer of GCE since 2008, the Chairman of the Board of GCE since 2017 and the President of GCU since 2012. In connection with the Transaction, the Board of Directors of GCE and the board of trustees of GCU each determined that Mr. Mueller should retain those roles. Accordingly, Mr. Mueller serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of GCE and as the President of GCU, although he is prohibited from serving on the board of trustees of GCU. Our Board and the board of trustees of GCU each recognized that Mr. Mueller s dual role could raise conflict of interest issues. Accordingly, at the time of the Transaction, GCU adopted governance provisions that prohibit Mr. Mueller from serving on the board of trustees of GCU. We also jointly imposed a structure, through GCU s governance documents and through express provisions of the Master Services Agreement, that prevent Mr. Mueller from participating in day-to-day management of, or negotiations between GCE and GCU relating to, the Master Services Agreement . In addition , Mr. Mueller s dual capacity may at times adversely affect his ability to devote time, attention, and effort to GCE. Other Risks Related to Our Business If we are determined to have paid improper incentive compensation to our covered employees, or tuition sharing arrangements are deemed to violate the incentive compensation regulations, our business will be impaired. An institution that participates in the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment, admissions, or financial aid awarding activity. Current regulations provide that higher education institutions agree that it will not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based in any part, directly or indirectly, upon success in securing enrollments or the award of financial aid, to any person or entity who is engaged in any student recruitment or admission activity, or in making decisions regarding the award of title IV, HEA program funds. Pursuant to this regulation, we are prohibited from offering our covered employees, which are those involved with or responsible for recruiting or admissions activities, any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the successful recruitment, admission or enrollment of students into a postsecondary institution. We are also precluded from offering our covered employees that work on financial aid matters (if any), any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the award of financial aid to students enrolled in a postsecondary institution. In addition, the regulation raises a question as to whether companies like ours, as an entity, are prohibited from entering into tuition revenue-sharing arrangements with university partners. On March 17, 2011, ED issued official agency guidance, known as a Dear Colleague Letter, or the DCL, providing guidance on this point. The DCL states that [t]he Department generally views payment based on the amount of tuition generated as an indirect payment of incentive compensation based on success in recruitment and therefore a prohibited basis upon which to measure the value of the services provided and that [t]his is true regardless of the manner in which the entity compensates its employees. But the DCL also provides an important exception to the ban on tuition revenue-sharing arrangements between institutions and third parties. According to the DCL, ED does not consider payment based on the amount of tuition generated by an institution to violate the incentive compensation ban if the payment compensates an unaffiliated third party that provides a set of bundled services that includes recruitment services, such as those we provide. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Example 2-B in the DCL is described as a possible business model developed with the statutory mandate in mind. Example 2-B describes the following as a possible business model: A third party that is not affiliated with the institution it serves and is not affiliated with any other institution that provides educational services, provides bundled services to the institution including marketing, enrollment application assistance, recruitment services, course support for online delivery of courses, the provision of technology, placement services for internships, and student career counseling. The institution may pay the entity an amount based on tuition generated for the institution by the entity s activities for all the bundled services that are offered and provided collectively, as long as the entity does not make prohibited compensation payments to its employees, and the institution does not pay the entity separately for student recruitment services provided by the entity. The DCL guidance indicates that an arrangement that complies with Example 2-B will be deemed to be in compliance with the incentive compensation provisions of the HEA and ED s regulations. Our business model and contractual arrangements with our university partners closely follow Example 2-B in the DCL. In addition, we assure that none of our covered employees is paid any bonus or other incentive compensation in violation of the rule. Because the bundled services rule was promulgated in the form of agency guidance issued by ED in the form of a DCL and is not codified by statute or regulation, the rule could be altered or removed without prior notice, public comment period or other administrative procedural requirements that accompany formal agency rulemaking. Similarly, a court could invalidate the rule in an action involving our company or our university partners, or in action that does not involve us at all. The revision, removal or invalidation of the bundled services rule by Congress, ED or a court could require us to change our business model. We may have difficulty integrating future acquisitions, which would reduce the anticipated benefits of those transactions. We intend to continually evaluate potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, products, services and technologies, including those that are significant in size and scope. The risks we may encounter in acquisitions include: i f we incur significant debt to finance a future acquisition and our business does not perform as expected, we may have difficulty complying with debt covenants; w e may be unable to make a future acquisition which is in our best interest due to our existing indebtedness; i f we use our stock to make a future acquisition, it will dilute existing stockholders; w e may have difficulty assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired company; t he challenge and additional investment involved with integrating new products, services and technologies into our sales and marketing process; o ur ongoing business may be disrupted by transition and integration issues; t he costs and complexity of integrating the internal information technology infrastructure of each acquired business with ours may be greater than expected and may require additional capital investments; w e may be unable to achieve the financial and strategic goals for any acquired businesses; w e may have difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration period following a future acquisition; o ur relationships with existing clients could be adversely affected; and a s successor we may be subject to certain liabilities of our acquisition targets. 
 Our failure to effectively integrate any future acquisition would adversely affect the benefit of such transaction, including potential synergies or sales growth opportunities, in the time frame anticipated. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Our success depends, in part, on the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs in recruiting new students. Building awareness of our university partner institutions, and the programs they offer, is critical to our ability to attract prospective students. It is also critical to our success that we convert prospective students to enrolled students in a cost-effective manner and that these enrolled students remain active in the programs of our client institutions. The tightness of the job market has historically had an impact on our ability to successfully recruit new students especially for students considering re-careering into a different field. Historically the percentage of students we recruited that were re-careering was low but with the increase in university partners and off-campus classroom and laboratory sites and the growth in new online licensure programs by GCU, the number of students we recruit that are re-careering is growing. Therefore, changes in the job market will impact our ability to recruit students. Some of the other factors that could prevent us from successfully recruiting, enrolling, and retaining students in those programs include: t he reduced availability of, or higher interest rates and other costs associated with, Title IV loan funds or other sources of financial aid; t he emergence of more successful competitors; f actors related to our marketing, including the costs and effectiveness of Internet advertising and broad-based branding campaigns and recruiting efforts; p erformance problems with our online systems; f ailure of our client institutions to maintain institutional and specialized accreditations; t he requirements of the education agencies that regulate our client institutions which could restrict their initiation of new programs and modification of existing programs; t he requirements of the education agencies that regulate our university partner institutions which restrict the ways schools can compensate their recruitment personnel; i ncreased regulation of online education, including in states in which our university partner institutions do not have a physical presence; r estrictions that may be imposed on graduates of online programs that seek certification or licensure in certain states; s tudent dissatisfaction with our services and programs; d amage to our reputation or other adverse effects as a result of negative publicity in the media, in industry or governmental reports, or otherwise, affecting us or other companies in the post-secondary education sector; p rice reductions by competitors that we are unwilling or unable to match; a decline in the acceptance of online education; a n adverse economic or other development that affects job prospects in our core disciplines; and a decrease in the perceived or actual economic benefits that students derive from the programs offered by any university partner institution. 
 If we are unable to continue to develop awareness of the programs of our university partners, and to recruit, enroll, and retain students, enrollments would suffer and our ability to increase revenues and maintain profitability would be significantly impaired. Our failure to keep pace with changing market needs and technology could harm our ability to meet the needs of our client institutions. We have invested significant resources to develop and implement features that enhance the online classroom experience, such as delivering course content through streaming video, simulations, and other interactive enhancements as well as technology to meet the back-office support needs of our client institutions students. Our information technology systems and tools could become impaired or obsolete due to our action or failure to act. For instance, we could install new information technology without accurately assessing its costs or benefits, or we could experience delayed or ineffective implementation of new information technology. We could fail to respond in a timely manner for future technological developments in our industry. Should our actions or failure to act impair or render our information technology less effective, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 A decline in the overall growth of enrollment in post-secondary institutions, or in the number of students seeking degrees online, could cause our university partner institutions to experience lower enrollment, which could negatively impact our future growth. Based on industry analyses, enrollment growth in degree-granting, post-secondary institutions is slowing and that the number of high school graduates that are eligible to enroll in degree-granting, post-secondary institutions is expected to continue to decrease over the next few years. In order to maintain current growth rates, we will need to attract a larger percentage of students in existing markets to our client institutions and work with university partner institutions to create new academic programs. In addition, if job growth in the fields related to our university partners core disciplines is weaker than expected, as a result of any regional or national economic downturn or otherwise, fewer students may seek the types of degrees that our clients offer. Our failure to attract new students for our university partners, or the decisions by prospective students to seek degrees in other disciplines, would have an adverse impact on our future growth. We face competition from established and other emerging companies, which could divert university partners to our competitors, result in pricing pressure and significantly reduce our revenue. We expect existing competitors and new entrants to the educational services market to revise and improve their business models constantly in response to challenges from competing businesses, including ours. Our primary competitors include EmbanetCompass (owned by Pearson), Wiley Education Services, and 2U. There are also several new and existing vendors providing some or all of the services we provide to other segments of the education market, and these vendors may pursue the institutions we target. In addition, colleges and universities may choose to continue using or to develop their own solutions in-house, rather than pay for our solutions. Increased competition may result in changes in the revenue share percentage we are able to negotiate to receive from a university partner. The competitive landscape may also result in longer and more complex sales cycles with a prospective university partner, which would negatively affect our ability to add additional university partners and thus our ability to grow our business. A number of competitive factors could cause us to lose potential university partner opportunities or force us to offer our solutions on less favorable economic terms, including c ompetitors may develop service offerings that our potential university partners find to be more compelling than ours; c ompetitors may adopt more aggressive pricing policies and offer more attractive sales terms, adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in university partner and student requirements, and devote greater resources to the acquisition of qualified students than we can; and c urrent and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to enhance their products and expand their markets, and our industry is likely to see an increasing number of new entrants and increased consolidation. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. In addition, competition may intensify as our competitors raise additional capital and as established companies in other market segments or geographic markets expand into our market segments or geographic markets. If we cannot compete successfully against our competitors, our ability to grow our business could be impaired. We are subject to laws and regulations as a result of our collection and use of personal information, and any violations of such laws or regulations, or any breach, theft, or loss of such information, could adversely affect our reputation and operations. Possession and use of personal information in our operations subjects us to risks and costs that could harm our business. We collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information regarding our primary university partner s applicants and students, including social security numbers, tax return information, personal and family financial data, 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 and credit card numbers. We also collect and maintain personal information of our employees in the ordinary course of our business. Our services can be accessed globally through the Internet. Therefore, we may be subject to the application of national privacy laws in countries outside the U.S. from which applicants and students access our services. Such privacy laws could impose conditions that limit the way we market and provide our services. Our computer networks and the networks of certain of our vendors that hold and manage confidential information on our behalf may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, employee theft or misuse, computer hackers, computer viruses, and other security threats. Confidential information may also inadvertently become available to third parties when we integrate systems or migrate data to our servers in connection with periodic hardware or software upgrades. Due to the sensitive nature of the personal information stored on our servers, our networks may be targeted by hackers seeking to access this data. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate sensitive information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Although we use security and business controls to limit access and use of personal information, a third party may be able to circumvent those security and business controls, which could result in a breach of student or employee privacy. In addition, errors in the storage, use, or transmission of personal information could result in a breach of privacy for current or prospective students or employees. Possession and use of personal information in our operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that could require us to implement certain policies and procedures, such as the procedures we adopted to comply with the Red Flags Rule that was promulgated by the FTC under the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and that requires the establishment of guidelines and policies regarding identity theft related to student credit accounts, and could require us to make certain notifications of data breaches and restrict our use of personal information. Similarly, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in 2018 (which went into effect in 2020), and Massachusetts recently proposed MA Bill SD 341, An Act relative to consumer data privacy. There are similar bills pending in a number of other states, as well. CCPA and MA Bill SD 341 each represent a trend toward stronger privacy protections and greater data transparency in the U.S. Currently, federal law legislates privacy on an industry by industry basis. Without an overarching federal law driving privacy compliance, the risk is high of a patchwork of privacy legislation formed by individual state laws, similar to the states approach to breach notification obligations. This could not only increase costs for compliance but also raise the risk of enforcement by individual state Attorneys General. A violation of any laws or regulations relating to the collection or use of personal information could result in the imposition of fines against us. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches. A major breach, theft, or loss of personal information regarding our university partner s students and their families or our employees that is held by us or our vendors, or a violation of laws or regulations relating to the same, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and result in further regulation and oversight by federal and state authorities and increased costs of compliance. We are required to comply with The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA, and failure to do so could harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. FERPA generally prohibits an institution of higher education participating in Title IV programs from disclosing personally identifiable information from a student s education records without the student s consent. Our university partners and their students disclose to us certain information that originates from or comprises a student education record under FERPA. As an entity that provides services to institutions participating in Title IV programs, we are indirectly subject to FERPA, and we may not transfer or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information from a student record to another party other than in a manner permitted under the statute. If we violate FERPA, it could result in a material breach of contract with one or more of our university partners and could harm our reputation. Further, in the event that we disclose student information in violation of FERPA, ED could require a university partner to suspend our access to their student information for at least five years. Capacity constraints, system disruptions, or security breaches in our online computer networks and phone systems could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain students. The performance and reliability of the infrastructure of our computer networks and phone systems, including the online programs of our university partners, is critical to our operations, reputation and to our ability to attract and 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 retain students on our university partners behalf. Any computer system disruption or failure, or a sudden and significant increase in traffic on the servers that host our online operations, may result in the online courses and programs being unavailable for a period of time. In addition, any significant failure of our computer networks or servers, whether as a result of third-party actions or in connection with planned upgrades and conversions, could disrupt our operations. Individual, sustained, or repeated occurrences could significantly damage the reputation of our technology/services and result in a loss of potential or existing students of our university partner institutions. Additionally, our operations are vulnerable to interruption or malfunction due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters and network and telecommunications failures. Our computer networks may also be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions to or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these incidents. Any interruption to our operations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract students to our university partner s programs and to retain those students. Risks Related to the Extensive Regulation of The Higher Education Industry Our failure, or our university partners failure, to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements governing institutions of higher education could result in financial penalties, restrictions on our operations or growth, or loss of external financial aid funding for our university partners students. To participate in the Title IV programs, a school must be authorized by the appropriate state post-secondary agency or agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified as an eligible institution by ED. In addition, the operations and programs of our primary university partner, and any future university partners, are regulated by other state education agencies and additional accrediting commissions. As a result of these requirements, we are subject to extensive regulation from state entities, institutional accrediting commissions, specialized accrediting commissions, and ED. These regulatory requirements cover many of our operations, as well as the operations of our university partners. These include regulations related to educational programs, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing, recruiting, financial operations, and financial condition of any university partner. These regulatory requirements also affect our ability to assist university partner institutions with adding new educational programs and changing existing educational programs. The agencies that regulate higher education periodically revise their requirements and modify their interpretations of existing requirements. Regulatory requirements are not always precise and clear, and regulatory agencies may sometimes disagree with the way we have (or any university partner has) interpreted or applied these requirements. Any misinterpretation of regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect us. If we fail, or any university partner institution fails, to comply with any of these regulatory requirements, we or any university partner could suffer financial penalties, limitations on our operations, or other sanctions, each of which could materially adversely affect us. In addition, if we or any university partner are charged with regulatory violations, our reputation could be damaged, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and enrollments at university partner institutions. ED and other regulators have increased the frequency and severity of their enforcement actions against post-secondary schools. In some cases, these enforcement actions have resulted in material sanctions, loss of Title IV eligibility, or closure in schools. We cannot predict with certainty how all of these regulatory requirements will be applied, or whether we will be able to comply with all of the applicable requirements in the future. Rulemaking by ED could materially and adversely affect our business. Over the past few years, ED has regularly promulgated new regulations and guidance that impact our university partners and our business directly. These and other regulations and guidance documents, including those discussed above under Business Regulation, can increase our operating costs and, in some cases, change the manner in which we operate our business. In addition, because certain of these regulations have been vacated or blocked as a result of litigation challenging the regulations, there remains substantial uncertainty regarding their present or future effectiveness or enforcement. New or amended regulations in the future, particularly regulations focused on third-party servicers, could further negatively impact our business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 If ED does not recertify a university partner institution to continue participating in the Title IV programs, the students we assist would lose their access to Title IV program funds, or a university partner institution could be recertified but required to accept significant limitations as a condition of its continued participation in the Title IV programs. ED certification to participate in the Title IV programs lasts a maximum of six years, and institutions are thus required to seek recertification from ED on a regular basis in order to continue their participation in the Title IV programs. An institution must also apply for recertification by ED if it undergoes a change in control, as defined by ED regulations, and may be subject to similar review if it expands its operations or educational programs in certain ways. As an example, on November 6, 2019, ED informed GCU that it had approved the Transaction and granted to GCU a provisional PPA, permitting GCU to participate in Title IV, HEA programs on a provisional basis for the period through September 30, 2022. This PPA, which was automatically granted on a provisional basis due to the fact that the Transaction constituted a change of control of GCU, was granted without any requirement to post a letter of credit or any growth restrictions. Accordingly, GCU is authorized to participate in Title IV, HEA programs for the stated period. As required, GCU filed a renewal application three months in advance of the scheduled expiration date. ED has not made a decision on its recertification application, and therefore its provisional certification to participate in the Title IV programs has been automatically extended on a month-to-month basis until ED makes its decision. Institutions are routinely given a month-to-month extension on their PPA until ED has completed its review of the application. For example, when GCU s provisional PPA expired in June 2008, it continued to receive a month-to-month extension between that date and April 2011 when ED issued it a new, provisional PPA. For a school that is certified on a provisional basis, the ED may revoke the institution s certification without advance notice or advance opportunity for the institution to challenge that action. For a school that is provisionally certified on a month-to-month basis, like GCU, the ED may allow the institution s certification to expire at the end of any month without advance notice, and without any formal procedure for review of such action. To our knowledge, such action is very rare and has only occurred upon a determination that an institution is in substantial violation of material Title IV requirements . There can be no assurance that ED will recertify any university partner institution at that time or that it will not impose conditions or other restrictions on any university partner institution as a condition of approving any future recertification. If ED does not renew or withdraws certification to participate in the Title IV programs from any university partners, students at that institution would no longer be able to receive Title IV program funds. Alternatively, ED could renew a university partner institution s certification, but restrict or delay students receipt of Title IV funds, limit the number of students to whom it can disburse such funds, place other restrictions on the institution, or it could delay recertification after any university partners program participation agreement expires, in which case our university partner s certification would continue on a month-to-month basis, which is GCU s current status. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our university partners enrollments and us. A university partner institution could lose the ability to participate in the Title IV programs if it fails to maintain its institutional accreditation, and our university partners student enrollments could decline if a client institution fails to maintain any of its accreditations or approvals. An institution must be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED in order to participate in the Title IV programs. Our primary university partner, GCU has been regionally accredited by the HLC and its predecessor since 1968, most recently obtaining reaccreditation in 2017 for the ten-year period through 2027, and the HLC approved the Transaction in February 2018. Some of our other partners are accredited by HLC while the others are accredited by different accrediting bodies that are likely to have standards that are different from those of the HLC. Accrediting bodies review the accredited status of institutions periodically (for example, the HLC reviews institutions every ten years, along with a mid-term report in year four). If any client institution fails to satisfy the relevant accrediting standards, it could lose accreditation, which would cause a revocation of its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs. This could cause a significant decline in student enrollments and could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, many university partner institutions will have educational programs that are also accredited by specialized accrediting commissions or approved by specialized state agencies. If our university partner institutions fail to satisfy the standards of any of those specialized 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 accrediting commissions or state agencies, the institution could lose the specialized accreditation or approval for the affected programs, which could result in materially reduced student enrollments in those programs and have a material adverse effect on us. A university partner institution may lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if its student loan default rates are too high. An institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if, for three consecutive years, 30 or more of its students who were required to begin repayment on their student loans in one year default on their payment by the end of the second year. In addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all of the Title IV programs if the default rate of its students exceeds 40 for any single year. While GCU s cohort default rates, for example, have historically been significantly below these levels, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Increases in interest rates or declines in income or job losses for students could contribute to higher default rates on student loans. In addition, while we will conduct appropriate diligence on new university partner institutions, we cannot guarantee that all university partner institutions will have a cohort default rate as low as GCU. Having a university partner exceed the student loan default rate thresholds and losing eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Any future changes in the formula for calculating student loan default rates, economic conditions, or other factors that cause default rates to increase, could materially adversely affect us. If our university partner institutions do not meet specific financial responsibility standards established by ED, they may be required to post a letter of credit or accept other limitations in order to continue participating in the Title IV programs, or could lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs. To participate in the Title IV programs, an institution must either satisfy specific quantitative standards of financial responsibility prescribed by ED or post a letter of credit in favor of ED and possibly accept operating restrictions as well. These financial responsibility tests are applied to each institution on an annual basis based on the institution s audited consolidated financial statements, and may be applied at other times, such as if the institution undergoes a change in control. These tests may also be applied to an institution s parent company or other related entity. The operating restrictions that may be placed on an institution that does not meet the quantitative standards of financial responsibility include being transferred from the advance payment method of receiving Title IV program funds to either the reimbursement or the heightened cash monitoring system, which could result in a significant delay in the institution s receipt of those funds. As a service provider, we are not directly subject to this regulation. However, if ED were to determine that a university partner institution did not meet the financial responsibility standards due to a failure to meet the composite score or other financial responsibility factors, ED could impose a range of sanctions on the institution, such as requiring the institution to post a letter of credit, accept provisional certification (which would hamper the ability of the institution to add new programs), comply with additional ED monitoring requirements, agree to receive Title IV program funds under an arrangement other than ED s standard advance funding arrangement, such as the reimbursement system of payment or heightened cash monitoring, and to comply with or accept other limitations on the ability to increase the number of programs offered by our client institutions or the number of students they enroll, any of which sanctions could have an adverse impact on our business. For example , GCU, calculated its composite score with respect to its fiscal years ending June 30, 2022 and 2021. As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, GCU s composite score per GCU s audited financial statements was 1.8 and 1.9, respectively, using the proprietary school calculation. If GCU s future composite scores do not exceed 1.5, ED could impose sanctions. If any such sanctions were imposed on GCU or one of our other partners, it could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. In addition, if its composite score dropped low enough, it could cause GCU to be ineligible for participation in NC-SARA, which would require GCU to become authorized in numerous states in which it operates or has students. If our university partner institutions do not comply with ED s administrative capability standards, we could suffer harm. To continue participating in the Title IV programs, an institution must demonstrate to ED that the institution is capable of adequately administering the Title IV programs under specific standards prescribed by ED. These administrative capability criteria require, among other things, the institution to have an adequate number of qualified 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 personnel to administer the Title IV programs, have adequate procedures for disbursing and safeguarding Title IV funds and for maintaining records, submit all required reports and consolidated financial statements in a timely manner, and not have significant problems that affect the institution s ability to administer the Title IV programs. As a service provider, we assist our university partners with some facets of these areas. As such, we must be mindful of, and compliant with, the administrative capability requirements. If our university partner institutions fail to satisfy any of these criteria, ED may assess financial penalties against such institutions, restrict the manner in which those institutions receive Title IV funds, require them to post a letter of credit, place them on provisional certification status, or limit or terminate participation in the Title IV programs, any of which could materially adversely affect us. As a third-party servicer, if we are the cause of the administrative deficiency, we may also face monetary sanctions and actions to limit, suspend, or terminate our ability to offer those and other services to institutions of higher education. A finding that our university partner institutions violated ED s substantial misrepresentation regulation could materially and adversely affect our business. The HEA prohibits an institution that participates in Title IV programs from engaging in substantial misrepresentation of the nature of its educational program, its financial charges, or the employability of its graduates. Under these rules, a misrepresentation is any statement made by the institution or a third party that provides educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services to the institution that is false, erroneous or has the likelihood or tendency to deceive or confuse. A substantial misrepresentation is any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person s detriment. The regulation also covers statements made by any representative of an institution, including agents, employees and subcontractors, and statements made directly or indirectly to any third party, including state agencies, government officials or the public, and not just to students or prospective students. Considering the breadth of the definition of substantial misrepresentation, it is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or contractors may make statements that could be construed as substantial misrepresentations for which our current and any future university partners would be held responsible by ED. We and our employees and subcontractors, as agents of our university partners, must use a high degree of care to comply with such rules and are prohibited by contract from making any false, erroneous or misleading statements about our university partners. To avoid an issue under the misrepresentation rule and similar rules, we assure that all marketing materials are approved in advance by our university partners before they are used by our employees and we carefully monitor our employees and subcontractors conversations with students and prospective students. Despite our best efforts, we may face complaints from our university partners students and prospective students over statements made by us and our agents throughout the conduct of all our services which would expose our university partners, and derivatively us, to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the Federal False Claims Act. Also, if ED determines that an institution (including its contractors) has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, ED may revoke an institution s program participation agreement, impose limitations on the institution s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Similar rules apply under state laws or are incorporated in institutional accreditation standards and the FTC applies similar rules prohibiting any unfair or deceptive marketing practices to the education sector. If ED or other regulator determines that statements made by us or on our university partner s behalf are in violation of the regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we are performing return to Title IV calculations for our university partner institutions, we are subject to sanctions if we fail to correctly calculate and timely return Title IV program funds for students who withdraw before completing their educational program. A school participating in the Title IV programs must calculate the amount of unearned Title IV program funds that it has disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational programs before completing such programs and must return those unearned funds to the appropriate lender or ED in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school determines that the student has withdrawn. To the extent our services for a university partner include conducting returns to Title IV, as they do with our primary university partner, GCU, we would likely be jointly and 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 severally liable to ED, along with the relevant client, for return of those funds. Further, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by ED, which could increase our cost of regulatory compliance and materially adversely affect us. Further, a failure to comply with these regulatory requirements could result in termination of our ability to continue providing these services to other university partner institutions, which would materially affect us. A reduction in funding or new restrictions on eligibility for the Federal Pell Grant Program, or the elimination of subsidized Stafford loans, could make college less affordable for certain students at our university partner institutions, which could negatively impact our university partner institutions enrollments, revenue and results of operations. The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the HEA and annually determine the funding level for each Title IV program. In 2008, the HEA was reauthorized through September 30, 2013 by the Higher Education Opportunity Act. Changes to the HEA, including changes in eligibility and funding for Title IV programs, are likely to occur in subsequent reauthorizations, but we cannot predict the scope or substance of any such changes. Any action by Congress that significantly reduces Title IV program funding, whether through across-the-board funding reductions, sequestration or otherwise, or materially impacts the eligibility of our client institutions or students to participate in Title IV programs would have a material adverse effect on our client institutions enrollment, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Congressional action could also require us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our administrative costs and reduce our operating income, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot offer new programs for our university partners or expand university partner operations into certain states if such actions are not timely approved by the applicable regulatory agencies, and our university partners may have to repay Title IV funds disbursed to students enrolled in any such programs, schools, or states if they do not obtain prior approval. Our expansion efforts include developing new educational programs for our university partners. If our university partner institutions are unable to obtain the necessary approvals for such new programs or operations, or if our university partner institutions are unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, our ability to consummate the planned actions and the ability of our university partner institutions to provide Title IV funds to any affected students would be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our expansion plans. For example, GCU, because it is currently certified to participate in the Title IV programs on a month-to-month basis, is required to obtain ED approval for new programs, which requirement could impede GCU s ability to introduce new programs and slow its growth. If our university partner institutions do not maintain state authorization, they may not operate or participate in the Title IV programs. A school that grants degrees or certificates must be authorized by the relevant education agency of the state in which it is located. State authorization is also required for their students to be eligible to receive funding under the Title IV programs. To maintain their state authorization, our university partner institutions must continuously meet standards relating to, among other things, educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures. If our client institutions fail to satisfy any of these standards, they could lose state authorization to offer educational programs, which would also cause them to lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs and have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, almost every state imposes regulatory requirements on educational institutions that have physical facilities located within the state s boundaries. Individual state laws establish standards in areas such as educational programs, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, marketing and recruitment, financial operations, addition of new locations and educational programs, and various operational and administrative procedures, some of which are different than the standards prescribed by other regulators. Several states have sought to assert jurisdiction over educational institutions offering online degree programs that have no physical location in the state but that have some 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 activity in the state, such as enrolling or offering educational services to students who reside in the state, employing faculty who reside in the state, or advertising to or recruiting prospective students in the state. State regulatory requirements for online education have historically varied among the states. To address this issue and to meet new ED requirements many schools have applied and have been approved to be an approved institutional participant in the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement SARA ). SARA is an agreement among member states, districts and territories that establishes comparable national standards for interstate offering of post-secondary distance education courses and programs. It is intended to make it easier for students to take online courses offered by post-secondary institutions based in another state. SARA is overseen by a national council (NC-SARA) and administered by four regional education compacts. GCU, for example, is a member of SARA in Arizona (AZ-SARA), which is administered by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (referred to as W-SARA). There is a yearly renewal for participating in NC-SARA and AZ-SARA and institutions must agree to meet certain requirements to participate. As of June 30, 2018, all states other than California are members of SARA. Any state that does not participate in SARA may impose regulatory requirements on out-of-state post-secondary institutions operating within their boundaries, such as those having a physical facility or conducting certain academic activities within the state. GCU, for example, enrolls students in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Although it is currently licensed, authorized, in-process, or exempt in all non-SARA jurisdictions in which it operates, if GCU fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a state, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its state license or authorization by that state or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that state, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in any non-SARA state by a client institution could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or offering services to current students in that state, which could significantly reduce our university partner s enrollments. Laws, regulations, or interpretations related to doing business over the Internet could also increase our cost of doing business and affect our ability to recruit students in particular states, which could, in turn, negatively affect enrollments and revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, regulatory agencies may sometimes disagree with the way we have interpreted or applied these requirements. Any misinterpretation by us of these regulatory requirements or adverse changes in regulations or interpretations thereof by regulators could materially adversely affect us. If a university partner institution fails to comply with state licensing or authorization requirements for a state in which it operates, or fails to obtain licenses or authorizations when required, it could lose its state licensure or authorization by that state or be subject to other sanctions, including restrictions on its activities in, and fines and penalties imposed by, that state, as well as fines, penalties, and sanctions imposed by ED. The loss of licensure or authorization in a state other than a state in which a university partner institution is physically located could prohibit us from recruiting prospective students or assisting with offering educational services to current students in that state, which could significantly reduce enrollments. Furthermore, our university partners must typically maintain a composite score of at least 1.5 to maintain their membership in a State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement, or SARA. Failure to maintain that score, and loss of eligibility for SARA, could result in the loss of the ability to offer online programs in various states unless the university partner is otherwise eligible to do so. This could greatly affect our ability to market our university partners online programs. Government agencies, regulatory agencies, and third parties may conduct compliance reviews, bring claims, or initiate litigation against us or our university partners based on alleged violations of the extensive regulatory requirements applicable to us and our university partners, which could cause the imposition of sanctions against us or our university partners. Because our university partner institutions operate in a highly regulated industry, they are subject to program reviews, audits, investigations, claims of non-compliance, and lawsuits by government agencies, regulatory agencies, students, employees, stockholders, and other third parties alleging non-compliance with applicable legal requirements, many of which are imprecise and subject to interpretation. Similarly, we could be subject to those same reviews. If the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 result of any such proceeding is unfavorable to our university partners, they may lose or have limitations imposed on their state licensing, accreditation, or Title IV program participation; be required to pay monetary damages (including triple damages in certain whistleblower suits); or be subject to fines, injunctions, or other penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on their business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Similarly, reviews of us directly could also impose a host of limitations and monetary penalties and fines for wrongful actions on our part. Claims and lawsuits brought against us or our university partners, even if they are without merit, may also result in adverse publicity, damage our reputation, negatively affect the market price of our stock, adversely affect student enrollments, and reduce the willingness of third parties to do business with us. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by any such proceeding and successfully defend against it, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could harm our business. The regulatory guidance governing third-party servicers imposes a number of requirements on our business and may expose us to liability for certain regulatory violations that are coextensive with our university partner institutions. A Third-party servicer is any person or entity used by any eligible institution of higher education to administer, through either manual or automated processing, any aspect of such institution s student assistance programs. Third party servicers have a number of requirements. For example, they must conduct and submit to ED compliance audits under 34 C.F.R. 668.23. In addition, they must comply with the requirements of 34 C.F.R. 668.25, which requires third-party servicers, in their contracts with institutions, to be contractually obligated to, among other things: Comply with all statutory provisions of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, including the requirement to use any funds that the servicer administers under any Title IV, HEA program and any interest or other earnings thereon solely for the purposes specified in and in accordance with that program; Refer to the Office of Inspector General of ED for investigation any information indicating there is reasonable cause to believe that the institution might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with the institution s administration of any Title IV, HEA program or an applicant for Title IV, HEA program assistance might have engaged in fraud or other criminal misconduct in connection with his or her application; and Be jointly and severally liable with the institution to the Secretary for any violation by the servicer of any statutory provision of or applicable to Title IV of the HEA, any regulatory provision prescribed under that statutory authority, and any applicable special arrangement, agreement, or limitation entered into under the authority of statutes applicable to Title IV of the HEA. 
 We are also subject to a number of data security and privacy regulations given our role as a third-party servicer and these standards are evolving. To the extent we continue to provide third party servicer functions, we will be subject to these requirements, the compliance with which can materially impact our business model. Additionally, o n January 4, 2023, ED announced their intention to issue new regulations in eight different areas of higher education regulations via negotiated rulemaking including those regulations related to third-party services. ED has not put forth any specific proposals at this time. We will monitor this rulemaking as it develops. Proposed legislation, additional rulemaking or additional examinations from U.S. Congress may impact general public perception of the industry in a negative manner resulting in a material and adverse impact on our business. The process of re-authorization of the HEA began in 2014 and is ongoing. Congressional hearings began in 2013 and will continue to be scheduled by the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Education and the Workforce and other Congressional committees regarding various aspects of the education industry, including accreditation matters, student debt, student recruiting, cost of tuition, distance learning, competency-based learning, student success and outcomes and other matters. Criticisms of the overall student lending and post-secondary education sectors may impact general public perceptions of educational institutions, including our university partner institutions and us, in a negative manner. Adverse media coverage regarding educational institutions whether or not a university partner or regarding third party services such as us directly could damage our reputation. The environment surrounding access to and the costs of 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 student loans remains in a state of flux. The uncertainty surrounding these issues, and any resolution of these issues that increases loan costs or reduces students access to Title IV loans or to student extended payment plans, could reduce student demand for educational programs which would adversely impact our revenues and operating profit or result in increased regulatory scrutiny. The increased scrutiny and results-based accountability initiatives in the education sector, as well as ongoing policy differences in Congress regarding spending levels, could lead to significant changes in connection with the reauthorization of the HEA or otherwise. These changes may place additional regulatory burdens on postsecondary schools generally, and specific initiatives may be targeted at or have an impact upon companies like us that provide services to institutions of higher education. The adoption of any laws or regulations that limit our ability to provide our bundled services to our university partners could compromise our ability to drive revenue through their programs or make our platform less attractive to them. Congress could also enact laws or regulations that require us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our costs. Changing requirements related to data privacy may create increased costs and operational difficulties for university partner institutions and, potential for GCE. On December 18, 2020, ED announced that it was finalizing a new Campus Cybersecurity Program framework. This proposed multi-year phased implementation would begin with a self-assessment of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800 171 Rev. 2, Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Systems (NIST 800 171 Rev. 2) readiness and outreach activities. ED specifically said it was committed to fully advancing and encouraging all postsecondary institutions implementation of NIST 800-171 controls. This announcement was addressed both to institutions of higher education and their third-party servicers. While details related to this announcement are few, it does suggest that ED will be taking a greater role in ensuring universities and their service providers meet NIST standards and are protecting the students and ED data received. Although management is reviewing this letter and the issues it raises, compliance with NIST will likely increase operational cost if required to come into compliance. Risks Related to Owning our Common Stock Provisions in our charter documents and the Delaware General Corporation Law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could discourage a takeover and adversely affect existing stockholders. Anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, and regulations of state and federal education agencies could diminish the opportunity for stockholders to participate in acquisition proposals at a price above the then-current market price of our common stock. For example, while we have no present plans to issue any preferred stock, our Board of Directors, without further stockholder approval, may issue shares of undesignated preferred stock and fix the powers, preferences, rights, and limitations of such class or series, which could adversely affect the voting power of your shares. In addition, our bylaws provide for an advance notice procedure for nomination of candidates to our Board of Directors that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of the DGCL regarding business combinations, which can deter attempted takeovers in certain situations. The approval requirements of ED, our regional accrediting commission, and state post-secondary, licensure, and certification agencies for a change in control transaction could also delay, deter, or prevent a transaction that would result in a change in control. We may, in the future, consider adopting additional anti-takeover measures. The authority of our Board of Directors to issue undesignated preferred or other capital stock and the anti-takeover provisions of the DGCL, as well as other current and any future anti-takeover measures adopted by us, may, in certain circumstances, delay, deter, or prevent takeover attempts and other changes in control of the company not approved by our Board of Directors. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or industry or if they downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. The activity within the trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us, our business and the for-profit education sector. In recent periods, a number of analysts have dropped coverage of the sector. If analysts cease coverage of us or additional analysts cease coverage of our sector, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. If one or more of the analysts covering us downgrade their estimates or evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Form 10-K filing for that year, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This may require us to incur substantial additional professional fees and internal costs to further expand our accounting and finance functions and expend significant management efforts. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment. You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock to date. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business or to repurchase shares of our common stock. In addition, the terms of our existing credit facility preclude, and the terms of any future debt agreements is likely to similarly preclude, us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Other General Risks Our success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain key personnel. Our success to date has largely depended on, and will continue to depend on, the skills, efforts, and motivation of our executive officers, who generally have significant experience with our business and the education industry, and we may have difficulties in locating and hiring qualified personnel and in retaining such personnel once hired. In addition, other than non-compete agreements of limited duration that we have with certain executive officers, we have not historically sought non-compete agreements with key personnel and they may leave and subsequently compete against us. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, many of whom are not party to employment agreements with us, or our failure to attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms, could cause our business to suffer. A failure of our information systems to properly store, process and report relevant data may reduce our management s effectiveness, interfere with our regulatory compliance and increase our operating expenses. We are dependent on the integrity of our data management systems. If these systems do not effectively collect, store and process relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunctions or constraints, 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to effectively report, plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations, including the HEA, as reauthorized, and the regulations thereunder, will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Occurrence of natural or man-made catastrophes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Natural events, health epidemics (including the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of God, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, computer cyber-terrorism or other catastrophes could result in significant worker absenteeism, increased student attrition rates for our university partners, lower asset utilization rates, voluntary or mandatory closure of facilities, our inability to meet dynamic employee health and safety requirements, our inability to meet contractual service levels, our inability to procure essential supplies, travel restrictions on our employees and other disruptions to our business. In addition, these events could adversely affect the economy, financial markets and activity levels of our university partners. Any of these events, their consequences or the costs related to mitigation or remediation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties GCE owns a four story 325,000 square foot administrative building, which includes office space for approximately 2,700 employees, and a parking garage in close proximity to GCU s ground campus. We constructed this space in 2016 and every aspect of the design was intended to maximize energy efficiency and minimize environmental impact. Lighting load and related electricity usage is a major environmental drain for most office buildings, and this is especially true in Arizona. GCE s office building is orientated with north/south exposure in order to minimize direct sun, and exterior courtyards were arranged to ensure summer shade thus creating outdoor areas that can be used throughout the year. The design also utilized significant window glazing to allow for daylighting thus reducing the need for supplemental electrical lighting. As a result, the building is designed to use just .41 watts per square foot of electrical energy for lighting, which is half of what a typical environmentally efficient building uses. Water usage is another environmental factor for office space that is magnified by the Arizona weather. GCE s office building utilizes a rooftop rainwater collection system for irrigating the landscaping below, which reduces water consumption. Additional environment-friendly design features include low VOC paints, use of recycled building materials, interior and exterior LED light bulbs, and implementation of an energy-efficient VRF mechanical system. Overall, GCE s office building is 60 more energy efficient than a standard office building. In addition to its owned facilities, GCE leases 28 off-campus classroom and laboratory sites for use in serving its university partners, four office locations in California, one office location in Colorado, and office space in Indianapolis, Indiana. GCE has commitments to add more off-campus classroom and laboratory sites as of December 31, 2022 that have not yet commenced and plans to add additional off-campus classroom and laboratory sites in Arizona and in other states in the U.S. to accommodate our growth plans in 2023 and beyond. GCE works to maximize energy efficiency and minimize environmental impact in operating its leased facilities just as it does with its owned properties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are subject to ordinary and routine litigation incidental to our business. While the outcomes of these matters are uncertain, management does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LOPE. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter to be voted upon by stockholders. All shares of common stock rank equally as to voting and all other matters. The shares of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, no redemption or sinking fund provisions, are not liable for further call or assessment, and are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 165 registered holders of record of common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividends We currently do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is provided under Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, Equity Compensation Plan Information, which is incorporated herein by reference. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers In January 2021, July 2021, January 2022 and October 2022 our Board of Directors increased the authorization under its existing stock repurchase program by 100.0 million, 970.0 million, 175.0 million and 200.0 million respectively, reflecting an aggregate authorization for share repurchases since the initiation of the program of 1,845.0 million. The current expiration date on the repurchase authorization by our Board of Directors is December 31, 2023. Repurchases occur at the Company s discretion and the Company may modify, suspend or discontinue the repurchase authorization at any time. Repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. The amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business conditions warrant. Since the initial approval of our share repurchase plan, we have purchased 21,572,283 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 1,649.2 billion, which purchases are recorded at cost in the accompanying December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet and statement of stockholders equity. At December 31, 2022, there remained 195.8 million available under our current share repurchase authorization. During the fourth quarter and the year ended December 31, 2022, GCE repurchased 318,935 and 6,794,693 shares of common stock, respectively, at an aggregate cost of 28.0 million and 599.6 million, respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth our share repurchases of common stock and our share repurchases in lieu of taxes, which are not included in the repurchase plan totals as they were effected in conjunction with the vesting of restricted share awards, during each period in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022: Total Number of Maximum Dollar Shares Purchased as Value of Shares Average Part of Publicly That May Yet Be Total Number of Price Paid Announced Purchased Under Period Shares Purchased Per Share Program the Program Share Repurchases October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 271,382 84.53 271,382 200,900,000 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 200,900,000 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 47,553 106.55 47,553 195,800,000 Total 318,935 87.81 318,935 195,800,000 Tax Withholdings October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 Total GCE Stock Performance The following graph compares the cumulative total return of our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index and our education services peer group of eight companies that includes: Wiley Education Services, Pearson plc, CHEGG, Inc., Laureate Education, Inc., Strategic Education, Inc., Adtalum Global Education, Inc., 2U, Inc. and Coursera. The graph also includes for the required transition year, our 2020 selected education peer group of seven companies that includes: Wiley Education Services, Pearson plc, CHEGG, Inc., Laureate Education, Inc., Strategic Education, Inc., Adtalum Global Education, Inc., and 2U, Inc. This chart assumes that an investment of 100 was made in our common stock, in the index, and in the peer group on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends paid by us and such companies were reinvested, and tracks the relative performance of such investments through December 31, 2022. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 12/17 12/18 12/19 12/20 12/21 12/22 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. 100.00 107.38 106.99 104.00 95.73 118.02 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 2022 Peer Group 100.00 104.68 96.97 121.11 97.10 89.87 The information contained in the performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and in Item 1A, Risk Factors . Executive Overview GCE is a publicly traded education services company dedicated to serving colleges and universities. GCE has developed significant technological solutions, infrastructure and operational processes to provide services to these institutions on a large scale. GCE s most significant university partner is GCU, a comprehensive regionally accredited university that offers graduate and undergraduate degree programs, emphases and certificates across nine colleges both online, on ground at its campus in Phoenix, Arizona and at four off-campus classroom and laboratory sites. In January 2019, GCE began providing education services to numerous university partners across the United States, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Orbis Education, which we acquired on January 22, 2019. Since the Acquisition, GCE, together with Orbis Education, has continued to add additional university partners. In the healthcare field, we work in partnership with a growing number of top universities and healthcare networks across the country, offering healthcare-related academic programs at off-campus classroom and laboratory sites located near healthcare providers and developing high-quality, career-ready graduates, who enter the workforce ready to meet the demands of the healthcare industry. In addition, we have provided certain services to a university partner to assist them in expanding their online graduate programs. As of December 31, 2022, GCE provides education services to 27 university partners across the United States. We plan to continue to add additional university partners and to introduce additional programs with both our existing partners and with new partners. We may engage with both new and existing university partners to offer healthcare programs, online only or hybrid programs, or, as is the case for our most significant partner, GCU, both healthcare and other programs. In addition, we have centralized a number of services that historically were provided separately to university partners of Orbis Education; therefore, we refer to all university partners as GCE partners or our partners . We do disclose significant information for GCU, such as enrollments, due to its size in comparison to our other university partners. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. During the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those discussed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of our analysis form the basis for making assumptions about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and the impact of such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: Revenue recognition . GCE generates all of its revenue through services agreements with its university partners Services Agreements ), pursuant to which GCE provides integrated technology and academic services, marketing and 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 communication services, and as applicable, certain back office services to its university partners in return for a percentage of tuition and fee revenue. GCE s Services Agreements have a single performance obligation, as the promises to provide the identified services are not distinct within the context of these agreements. The single performance obligation is delivered as our partners receive and consume benefits, which occurs ratably over a series of distinct service periods (daily or semester). Service revenue is recognized over time using the output method of measuring progress towards complete satisfaction of the single performance obligation. The output method provides a faithful depiction of the performance toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation and can be tied to the time elapsed which is consumed evenly over the service period and is a direct measurement of the value provided to our partners. The service fees received from our partners over the term of the agreement are variable in nature in that they are dependent upon the number of students attending the university partner s program and revenues generated from those students during the service period. Due to the variable nature of the consideration over the life of the service arrangement, GCE considered forming an expectation of the variable consideration to be received over the service life of this one performance obligation. However, since the performance obligation represents a series of distinct services, GCE recognizes the variable consideration that becomes known and billable because these fees relate to the distinct service period in which the fees are earned. GCE meets the criteria in ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and exercises the practical expedient to not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the single performance obligation that is unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. GCE does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations because the directly allocable variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a service that forms part of a single performance obligation. The service fees are calculated and settled per the terms of the Services Agreements and result in a settlement duration of less than one year for all partners. There are no refunds or return rights under the Services Agreements. Income taxes . We recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be realized. Our deferred tax assets are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized. Realization of the deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon achievement of projected future taxable income offset by deferred tax liabilities. We evaluate the realizability of the deferred tax assets annually. Since becoming a taxable corporation in August 2005, we have not recorded any valuation allowances to date on our deferred income tax assets. We evaluate and account for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. Recognition occurs when we conclude that a tax position based solely on its technical merits, is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination. Measurement determines the amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon the ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of the facts. Derecognition of a tax position that was previously recognized occurs when we determine that a tax position no longer meets the more-likely-than-not threshold of being sustained upon examination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, GCE has reserved approximately 15,862 and 14,108, respectively, for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. Results of Operations In July 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2019-07, Codification Updates to SEC Sections- Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Final Rule Releases No. 33-10532, Disclosure Update and Simplification , which makes a number of changes meant to simplify certain disclosures in financial condition and results of operations, particularly by eliminating year-to-year comparisons between prior periods previously disclosed. In complying with the relevant aspects of the rule covering the current year annual report, we now include disclosures on results of operations for fiscal year 2022 versus 2021 only. For a discussion of the results of operations for fiscal year 2021 vs 2020, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 incorporated herein by reference. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth certain income statement data as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods indicated. Amortization of intangible assets have been excluded from the table below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Costs and expenses Technology and academic services 16.5 14.7 Counseling services and support 30.0 27.8 Marketing and communication 21.5 20.4 General and administrative 5.0 4.7 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Service revenue . Our service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 911.3 million, an increase of 14.7 million, or 1.6 , as compared to service revenue of 896.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase year over year in service revenue was primarily due to increases in GCU traditional campus enrollments and revenue per student year over year partially offset by a decrease in online enrollments at GCU of 1.6 and to a lesser extent, students in a university partner s Occupational Therapy Assistants OTA program in which enrollment declined 11.3 between December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in revenue per student between years is primarily due to the service revenue impact of the increased ground campus enrollments which generates higher revenue per student due to the room, board and other ancillary revenues earned by GCU and the higher revenue per student at off-campus classroom and laboratory sites . S ervice revenue per student for Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing ABSN program students at off-campus classroom and laboratory sites generates a significantly higher revenue per student than we earn under our agreement with GCU, as these agreements generally provide us with a higher revenue share percentage, the partners have higher tuition rates than GCU and the majority of their students take more credits on average per semester. Partner enrollments totaled 112,955 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 112,554 at December 31, 2021. University partner enrollments at our off-campus classroom and laboratory sites were 4,636, a decrease of 1.0 over enrollments at December 31, 2021, which includes 320 and 269 GCU students at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This growth rate has slowed over the past year primarily due to the 11.3 decline in OTA students as the university partner stopped admitting new students for most of 2021 due to clinical placement backlog . Year over year ABSN students decreased 0.3 at December 31, 2022. None of our ABSN partners have stopped admitting new students due to the clinical faculty challenges that began during the pandemic, however some locations that were scheduled to open in 2021 and 2022 have been pushed back and some existing partners have reduced incoming cohort sizes which has slowed the growth. In addition, in a joint decision between us and one of our university partners, two ABSN off-campus classroom and laboratory sites were closed at the beginning of this year to allow the university partner to focus its resources closer to its home location. Excluding the prior year enrollments from locations that have been closed in the past twelve months, ABSN students grew by 3.6 year over year. We did open six new off-campus classroom and laboratory sites in the year ended December 31, 2022 increasing the total number of these sites to 35 at December 31, 2022 and we anticipate opening six to eight more in 2023 which should re-accelerate the ABSN student enrollment growth. Enrollments at GCU increased to 108,639 at December 31, 2022, a slight increase of 0.5 over enrollments at December 31, 2021 primarily due to the increase in ground traditional and ABSN off-campus enrollments partially offset by the decrease in GCU online enrollments between years. The decline in GCU online enrollments between years is primarily due to recruitment challenges caused by reduced access to schools, hospitals, and businesses where our potential students work due to COVID-19. In the second half of 2022, we have seen an online new student increase over the prior year. As the year-over-year comparables returned to historical levels, and schools, hospitals, and businesses are generally reopened, our online enrollment growth rate has begun to re-accelerate. Enrollments for GCU ground students were 25,522 at December 31, 2022 up from 23,629 at December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 8.6 increase in traditional ground students between years. Technology and academic services . Our technology and academic services expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 150.5 million, an increase of 18.4 million, or 13.9 , as compared to technology and academic services expenses of 132.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding the 5.0 million reversal of the credit loss reserve in the fourth quarter of 2021 as a result of the repayment by GCU for the Secured Note and capital expenditure loans, there was an increase of 13.4 million or 9.8 , year over year. This increase was 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 primarily due to increases in employee compensation and related expenses including share-based compensation, in other technology and academic supply costs, and in occupancy and depreciation including lease expenses of 9.2 million, 2.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively. The increases were primarily due to increased headcount to support our 27 university partners, and their increased enrollment growth, tenure-based salary adjustments, an increase in benefit costs and the increased number of off-campus classroom and laboratory sites open between years. Our technology and academic services expenses as a percentage of service revenue, excluding the reversal of the 5.0 million credit loss in 2021 increased 1.3 to 16.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 15.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to our services agreements with university partners that provide for off-campus classroom and laboratory sites, which necessitate a higher level of technology and academic services than does our agreement with GCU. We anticipate that technology and academic services expenses as a percentage of revenue will continue to increase in the future as we open more off-site classroom and laboratory sites. Counseling services and support . Our counseling services and support expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 273.3 million, an increase of 24.1 million, or 9.7 , as compared to counseling services and support expenses of 249.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in employee compensation and related expenses including share-based compensation, increases in other counseling services and support expenses and in depreciation, amortization and occupancy costs of 13.6 million, 9.8 million and 0.8 million, respectively. The increases in employee compensation and related expenses were primarily due to increased headcount to support our 27 university partners, and their increased enrollment growth, tenure-based salary adjustments, and an increase in benefit costs. The increase in other counseling services and support expenses is primarily the result of increased travel costs to service our 27 university partners as compared to the COVID-19 impacted 2021, during which significantly lower travel costs were incurred. Occupancy and depreciation costs increased slightly due to the increased number of off-campus classroom and laboratory sites open year over year. Our counseling services and support expenses as a percentage of service revenue increased 2.2 to 30.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 27.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased travel costs and the increase in our employee base and their compensation to meet our university partners growth expectations and retain our employees increasing at a faster rate than revenue growth. We anticipate that counseling services and support expenses as a percentage of revenue will continue to increase on a year over year basis in the first half of 2023 as a result of the investments made primarily in the second half of 2022, but are hopeful that the growth rate will be more in line with our revenue growth in the second half of 2023. Marketing and communication . Our marketing and communication expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 196.1 million, an increase of 13.2 million, or 7.2 , as compared to marketing and communication expenses of 182.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to the increased cost to market our university partners programs and due to the marketing of new university partners and new off-campus classroom and laboratory sites which resulted in increased advertising of 10.6 million and increased employee compensation expenses and related expenses including share-based compensation of 2.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in other marketing supplies of 0.4 million. Our marketing and communication expenses as a percentage of service revenue increased by 1.1 to 21.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 20.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in the number of new university partners and their growth expectations and increased off-campus classroom and laboratory sites open between years. Although we will continue to invest heavily in this area, we are hopeful that the growth rate will be more in line with our revenue growth in 2023. General and administrative . Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 45.5 million, an increase of 3.7 million, or 8.8 , as compared to general and administrative expenses of 41.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to increases in other general and administrative expenses of 2.0 million and increases in employee compensation and related expenses including share-based compensation of 1.7 million. The increase in other general and administrative expenses is primarily due to continued increases in travel costs and increases in charitable contributions over the prior year. The increase in employee compensation and related expenses is increased headcount to support our 27 university partners, and their increased enrollment growth, tenure-based salary adjustments, and an increase in benefit costs. Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of service revenue increased by 0.3 to 5.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the other general and administrative expense and 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 employee compensation costs growing at a faster rate than our revenue growth. Although we will continue to invest heavily in this area, we are hopeful that the growth rate will be more in line with our revenue growth in 2023. Amortization of intangible assets . Amortization of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 8.4 million for both periods. As a result of the Acquisition, certain identifiable intangible assets were created (primarily customer relationships) that will be amortized over their expected lives. Interest income on Secured Note . Interest income on the Secured Note for the year ended December 31, 2022 was nil as compared to 52.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. GCE recognized interest income on its Secured Note with GCU including borrowings made for capital expenditures, at an interest rate of 6 . The decrease over the prior year was due to GCU repaying 500.0 million of the outstanding balance of the Secured Note receivable on October 29, 2021 and the remaining balance of the Secured Note receivable of 469.9 million on December 9, 2021. As the Secured Note receivable is paid off we do not anticipate any interest income to be earned in the future. Interest expense . Interest expense was 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to interest expense of nil for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to the repayment and termination of the credit facility in early November 2021, partially offset by the write-off of the remaining deferred loan costs of 1.0 million in 2021 at the time of the termination of the credit facility. Investment interest and other . Investment interest and other for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.6 million, an increase of 2.0 million, as compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest rates have increased in 2022 resulting in increased investment interest income. Income tax expense . Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 55.4 million, a decrease of 15.5 million, or 21.9 , as compared to income tax expense of 70.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is the result of a decline in taxable income between years, partially offset by a slight increase in our effective tax rate between years. Our effective tax rate was 23.1 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 21.4 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate in 2021 was favorably impacted by higher excess tax benefits of 4.4 million compared to excess tax benefits of 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The inclusion of excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a component of our income tax expense increases the volatility within our provision for income taxes as the amount of excess tax benefits or deficiencies from share-based compensation awards are dependent on our stock price at the date the restricted awards vest, our stock price on the date an option is exercised, and the quantity of options exercised. In 2021 the remaining stock options that had been granted ten years prior were exercised by certain of our executives prior to their expiration generating the large excess tax benefit. As there are no stock options remaining, we anticipate our excess tax benefit or expense will be similar to what it was in 2022 going forward. Our restricted stock vests in March each year so any benefit or expense will primarily impact the first quarter each year. Net income . Our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 184.7 million, a decrease of 75.6 million, or 29.1 as compared to 260.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the factors discussed above. Seasonality Our service revenue and operating results normally fluctuate as a result of seasonal variations in our business, principally due to changes in our university partners enrollment. Our partners enrollment varies as a result of new enrollments, graduations, and student attrition. Service revenues in the summer months (May through August) are lower primarily due to the majority of GCU s traditional ground students not attending courses during the summer months, which affects our results for our second and third fiscal quarters. Since a significant amount of our costs are fixed, the lower revenue resulting from the decreased summer enrollment has historically contributed to lower operating margins during those periods. Partially offsetting this summer effect has been the sequential quarterly increase in enrollments that has occurred as a result of the traditional fall school start. This increase in enrollments also has occurred in the first quarter, corresponding to calendar year matriculation. Thus, we experience higher net revenue in the fourth quarter due to its overlap with the semester encompassing the traditional fall school start and in the first quarter due to its overlap 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 with the first semester of the calendar year. A portion of our expenses do not vary proportionately with these fluctuations in net revenue, resulting in higher operating income in the first and fourth quarters relative to other quarters. We expect quarterly fluctuation in operating results to continue as a result of these seasonal patterns. Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash, cash equivalents and investments 181,704 600,941 Overview Our liquidity position, as measured by cash and cash equivalents and investments decreased by 419.2 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, which was largely attributable to share repurchases in accordance with our share repurchase program and capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 604.2 million and 35.2 million, respectively, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 220.8 million. Our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and investments were 181.7 million and 600.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that our cash flow from operations and other sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, will provide adequate funds for ongoing operations, planned capital expenditures, and working capital requirements for at least the next 24 months. Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 220,819 313,119 The decrease in cash generated from operating activities between the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in net income and changes in other working capital balances. We define working capital as the assets and liabilities, other than cash, generated through GCE s primary operating activities. Changes in these balances are included in the changes in assets and liabilities presented in the statement of cash flows. Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (97,139) 950,979 Investing activities consumed 97.1 million of cash in fiscal 2022. Investing activities provided 951.0 million of cash in fiscal 2021 primarily due to the repayment of the Secured Note receivable by GCU for 969.9 million. In 2022 and 2021 cash used in investing activities was primarily related to capital expenditures of 35.2 million and 28.9 million, respectively. Capital expenditures for both fiscal years primarily consisted of leasehold improvements and equipment for new off-campus classroom and laboratory sites, as well as purchases of computer equipment, internal use software projects and furniture and equipment to support our increasing employee headcount. The Company intends to continue to spend approximately 30.0 million to 35.0 million per year for capital expenditures. Purchases from investments, net of proceeds, were 61.5 million. Proceeds from investments, net of purchases of short-term investments, were 10.5 million in fiscal 2021. In 2022 and 2021, the Company elected to utilize its excess cash balances from both operating cash flows and the payoff of the Secured Note to repurchase its shares. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash used in financing activities (604,212) (908,926) Financing activities consumed 604.2 million of cash in fiscal 2022 compared to 908.9 in fiscal 2021. During 2021 principal and revolver payments were 107.8 million. 2021 payments represented quarterly term loan repayments through the third quarter with the remaining balance of the credit facility paid and the credit facility terminated in October 2021, when the Secured Note receivable began to be repaid by GCU. Proceeds received from option exercises totaled 2.7 million in fiscal 2021. During fiscal 2022 and 2021, 599.6 million and 797.8 million, respectively, was used to purchase treasury stock in accordance with GCE s share repurchase program. In 2022 and 2021, 4.6 million and 6.0 million, respectively, of cash was utilized to purchase common shares withheld in lieu of income taxes resulting from the vesting of restricted share awards. The Company intends to continue using a portion of its cash flows from operations to repurchase its shares. Share Repurchase Program In January 2021, July 2021, and January 2022 our Board of Directors increased the authorization under its existing stock repurchase program by 100.0 million, 970.0 million and 175.0 million respectively, reflecting an aggregate authorization for share repurchases since the initiation of the program of 1,645.0 million. The current expiration date on the repurchase authorization by our Board of Directors is December 31, 2023. Repurchases occur at the Company s discretion and the Company may modify, suspend or discontinue the repurchase authorization at any time. Under our share repurchase authorization, we may purchase shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to the applicable SEC rules. The amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business conditions warrant. On March 10, 2021, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR agreement with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC Morgan Stanley to repurchase up to 35.0 million of its outstanding shares of common stock as part of the Company s share repurchase program. Under the ASR agreement, the Company received initial delivery of approximately 275,889 shares of common stock, representing approximately 80 of the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the ASR agreement based on the closing price of the common stock of 101.49, on March 9, 2021. The total number of shares that the Company repurchased under the ASR program was based on the volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the term of the ASR agreement, less a discount, and was subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR agreement. The final settlement of the share repurchases under the ASR agreement was completed on May 4, 2021 with additional delivery of 45,914 shares of common stock. The ASR agreement resulted in a total of 321,803 shares repurchased at an average cost of 108.76. On May 14, 2021, the Company entered into an ASR agreement with Morgan Stanley to repurchase up to 50.0 million of its outstanding shares of common stock as part of the Company s share repurchase program. Under the ASR agreement, the Company received initial delivery on May 17, 2021 of approximately 418,279 shares of common stock, representing approximately 80 of the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the ASR agreement based on the closing price of the common stock of 95.63, on May 14, 2021. The total number of shares that the Company repurchased under the ASR program was based on the volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the term of the ASR agreement, less a discount, and was subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR agreement. The final settlement of the share repurchases under the ASR agreement was completed on August 13, 2021 with additional delivery of 139,270 shares of common stock. The ASR agreement resulted in a total of 557,549 shares repurchased at an average cost of 89.68. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Since 2011, we have purchased 21.6 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 1,649.2 million, which includes 6,794,693 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 599.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations Our contractual obligations primarily consist of capital expenditures primarily for new off-campus classroom and laboratory sites opening and continued spend on computer equipment, software licenses, internal software development and furniture and equipment to support our increasing employee headcount. See Note 9 - Leases , in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. There are no other material contractual obligations or commitments for the Company. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP Financial Measure) In addition to our GAAP results, we use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our operating performance and as part of our compensation determinations. Adjusted EBITDA is not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or as a measure of our liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income plus interest expense, less interest income and other gain (loss) recognized on investments, plus income tax expense, plus depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), as adjusted for (i) contributions to private Arizona school tuition organizations in lieu of the payment of state income taxes; (ii) share-based compensation, and (iii) unusual charges or gains, such as litigation and regulatory reserves, impairment charges and asset write-offs, and exit or lease termination costs. We present Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, because we consider it to be an important supplemental measure of our operating performance. We also make certain compensation decisions based, in part, on our operating performance, as measured by Adjusted EBITDA. All of the adjustments made in our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA are adjustments to items that management does not consider to be reflective of our core operating performance. Management considers our core operating performance to be that which can be affected by our managers in any particular period through their management of the resources that affect our underlying revenue and profit generating operations during that period and does not consider the items for which we make adjustments (as listed above) to be reflective of our core performance. We believe Adjusted EBITDA allows us to compare our current operating results with corresponding historical periods and with the operational performance of other companies in our industry because it does not give effect to potential differences caused by variations in capital structures (affecting relative interest expense, including the impact of write-offs of deferred financing costs when companies refinance their indebtedness), tax positions (such as the impact on periods or companies of changes in effective tax rates or net operating losses), the book amortization of intangibles (affecting relative amortization expense), and other items that we do not consider reflective of underlying operating performance. We also present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties as a measure of performance. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, investors should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments described above. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by expenses that are unusual, non-routine, or non-recurring. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool in that, among other things, it does not reflect: cash expenditures for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital requirements; interest expense, or the cash required to replace assets that are being depreciated or amortized; and the impact on our reported results of earnings or charges resulting from the items for which we make adjustments to our EBITDA, as described above and set forth in the table below. 
 In addition, other companies, including other companies in our industry, may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of Adjusted EBITDA as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a substitute for net income, operating income, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or as a measure of our liquidity. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and use Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplemental performance measure. For more information, see our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table reconciles net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 184,675 260,344 Plus: interest expense 2 3,601 Less: interest income on Secured Note (52,090) Less: investment interest and other (2,621) (610) Plus: income tax expense 55,444 70,945 Plus: amortization of intangible assets 8,419 8,419 Plus: depreciation and amortization 22,758 21,994 EBITDA 268,677 312,603 Plus: contributions in lieu of state income taxes (a) 5,000 5,000 Plus: loss on fixed asset disposal (b) 1,249 Less: reversal of credit loss reserve (c) (5,000) Plus: share-based compensation (d) 12,642 11,526 Plus: litigation and regulatory reserves (e) 3,768 3,225 Adjusted EBITDA 291,336 327,354 

 (a) Represents contributions to various private Arizona school tuition organizations to assist with funding for education. In connection with such contributions made, we received a dollar-for-dollar state income tax credit, which resulted in a reduction in our effective income tax rate to 23.1 and 21.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Had these contributions not been made, our effective tax rate would have been 24.7 and 22.6 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such contributions are viewed by our management to be made in lieu of payments of state income taxes and are therefore excluded from evaluation of our core operating performance. (b) Represent loss on fixed asset disposals. (c) Represents the reversal of the credit loss reserve on the Secured Note receivable due to repayment in full by GCU in the fourth quarter of 2021. (d) Reflects share-based compensation expense related to GCE employees. (e) Reflects primarily regulatory litigation as GCE retained responsibility for all liabilities of GCU arising prior to the closing date of the Transaction. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market risk . As of December 31, 2022, we have no derivative financial instruments or derivative commodity instruments. We invest cash in excess of current operating requirements in short term certificates of deposit and money market instruments, municipal bond portfolios, or municipal mutual funds at multiple financial institutions. Interest rate risk . We manage interest rate risk by investing excess funds in cash equivalents, BBB or higher rated municipal bonds, municipal mutual funds and commercial paper bearing variable interest rates, which are tied to various market indices or individual bond coupon rates. Our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities before their maturity date that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, a 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material impact on our future earnings, fair values, or cash flows. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm: 62 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 64 Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 65 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 66 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 67 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 68 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 69 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Grand Canyon Education, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over service revenue As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, service revenue is recognized from the delivery of support services to institutions in the post-secondary education sector of the United States (University Partners). The transaction price for support services is based on the Company receiving a contracted percentage of the University Partner s tuition and fee revenue. The tuition and fee information received varies depending 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 on the respective University Partner s reporting processes and the services provided. The Company recorded 911 million of service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over service revenue as a critical audit matter. This required especially subjective auditor judgment because service revenue recorded by the Company is dependent on the tuition and fee information of the University Partners. This included determining the nature and extent of procedures to be performed and evaluating the evidence obtained over the tuition and fee information. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over tuition and fee information of the University Partners. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to service revenue. This included controls related to the accurate recording of amounts dependent on University Partners tuition and fee revenue information. For a sample of transactions, we compared the amounts recognized as service revenue for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts with University Partners and student enrollment documentation. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the nature of such evidence. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. Phoenix, Arizona February 16, 2023 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, (In thousands, except par value) 2022 2021 ASSETS: Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net Income tax receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Amortizable intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Current portion of lease liability Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes, noncurrent Other long-term liability Lease liability, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Treasury stock, at cost, and shares of common stock at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Consolidated Income Statements 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Service revenue Costs and expenses: Technology and academic services Counseling services and support Marketing and communication General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Total costs and expenses Operating income Interest income on Secured Note Interest expense ) ) ) Investment interest and other Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share: Basic income per share Diluted income per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes of for the year ended December 31, 2022 ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Shares Par Value Shares Cost Capital Loss Earnings Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect from the adoption of accounting pronouncements, net of taxes of ) ) Comprehensive income Common stock purchased for treasury ) ) Restricted shares forfeited Share-based compensation ) Exercise of stock options Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income Common stock purchased for treasury ) ) Restricted shares forfeited Share-based compensation ) Exercise of stock options Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income ) Common stock purchased for treasury ) ) Restricted shares forfeited Share-based compensation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Share-based compensation Reversal of credit loss reserve ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of intangible assets Deferred income taxes Other, including fixed asset impairments Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and interest receivable from university partners ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Income taxes receivable/payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Additions of amortizable content ) ) ) Funding to GCU ) ) Repayment by GCU Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sale or maturity of investments Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows used in financing activities: Principal payments on notes payable ) ) Repurchase of common shares and shares withheld in lieu of income taxes ) ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable Allowance for credit losses of , net of taxes of from adoption of ASU 2016-13 ROU Asset and Liability recognition The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 colleges both online, on ground at its campus in Phoenix, Arizona and at off-site classroom and laboratory sites. In January 2019, GCE began providing education services to numerous university partners across the United States, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Orbis Education, which we acquired, by merger on January 22, 2019 (the Acquisition ). Since the Acquisition, GCE, together with Orbis Education, has continued to add additional university partners. In the healthcare field, we work in partnership with a growing number of top universities and healthcare networks across the country, offering healthcare-related academic programs at off-campus classroom and laboratory sites located near healthcare providers and developing high-quality, career-ready graduates who enter the workforce ready to meet the demands of the healthcare industry. In addition, we have provided certain services to a university partner to assist them in expanding their online graduate programs. As of December 31, 2022, GCE provides education services to university partners across the Unites States. GCE was formed in Delaware in November 2003 as a limited liability company, under the name Significant Education, LLC, for the purchase of acquiring the assets of the University from a non-profit foundation on February 2, 2004. On August 24, 2005, the Company converted from a limited liability company to a corporation and changed its name to Significant Education, Inc. On May 9, 2008, the Company changed its name to Grand Canyon Education, Inc. On July 1, 2018, the Company sold the university to GCU (the Transaction ). The Company s wholly owned subsidiaries were historically used to facilitate expansion of the university campus prior to the Transaction. 
 69 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 investments. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value, determined using Level 2 of the hierarchy of valuation inputs, with the use of inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized losses considered to be other-than temporary are recognized currently in earnings. Amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts, interest and dividend income and realized gains and losses are included in interest and other income. , respectively. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their lease term or their useful life. Land improvements and buildings are depreciated over lives ranging from to . (the Secured Note which was repaid by GCU in the fourth quarter of 2021. In connection therewith, the Company and GCU entered into a long-term master services agreement (the Master Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company provides identified technology and academic services, counseling services and support, marketing and communication services, and several back-office services to GCU in return for of GCU s tuition and fee revenue. Except for identified liabilities assumed by GCU, GCE retained responsibility for all liabilities of the business arising from pre-closing operations. stages: the preliminary project stage (all costs are expensed as incurred), the application development stage (certain costs are capitalized and certain costs are expensed as incurred) and the post-implementation or operation stage (all costs are expensed as incurred). Costs capitalized in the application development stage include costs of design, coding, integration, and testing of the software developed. Capitalization of costs requires judgment in determining when a project has reached the application development stage and the period over which we expect to benefit from the use of that software. Once the software is placed in service, these costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, which is generally . These assets are a component of our property and equipment, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 70 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 which corresponds with course s review and major revision cycle. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, net of amortization, of deferred content assets are included in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and amortization is included in technical and academic services where the costs originated. operating segment and reporting unit for goodwill impairment consideration. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has issued guidance that permits an entity to first 
 71 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (inclusive of closing date adjustments and net of cash acquired). The Acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method the cost of the target is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The estimated fair values of current assets and liabilities were based upon their historical costs on the date of acquisition due to their short-term nature. The majority of property and equipment were also estimated based upon historical costs as they approximated fair value. Identified intangible assets of consisted primarily of university partner relationships that were valued at . The fair value of university partner relationships was determined using the multiple-period excess earnings method. The fair value of the assets acquired, less the liabilities assumed, exceeded the purchase price by , which was recorded as goodwill. 
 72 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 and , respectively, for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, which is classified within accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The Company has deferred tax assets, which are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized. Realization of the deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon achievement of projected future taxable income. - , subject to renewal options, although certain agreements may give the university partners the right to terminate early if certain conditions are met. The Company s Services Agreements have a single performance obligation, as the promises to provide the identified services are not distinct within the context of these agreements. The single performance obligation is delivered as our partners receive and consume benefits, which occurs ratably over a series of distinct service periods (daily or semester). Service revenue is recognized over time using the output method of measuring progress towards complete satisfaction of 
 73 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 amounts written off and reserves established as of December 31, 2022 given historical collection experience. The Company will continue to review and revise its allowance methodology based on its collection experience with its partners. For our partners with unbilled revenue, revenue recognition occurs in advance of billings. Billings for some university partners do not occur until after the service period has commenced and final enrollment information is available. Our unbilled revenue of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in accounts receivable in our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenue represents the excess of amounts received as compared to amounts recognized in revenue on our consolidated statements of income as of the end of the reporting period, and such amounts are reflected as a current liability on our consolidated balance sheets. We generally receive payments for our services billed within 30 days of invoice. These payments are recorded as deferred revenue until the services are delivered and revenue is recognized. on its long-term Secured Note receivable. The cumulative effect for the Company upon adoption of this new standard was , net of taxes of . Bad debt expense is recorded as a technology and academic services expense in the consolidated income statement. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Secured Note receivable was paid off in full and the credit loss reserve of was reversed. The Company will continue to actively monitor other factors on expected credit losses. 
 74 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 75 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 major rating agency at the time of purchase. All of the Company s cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of investments rated BBB or higher by at least one rating agency. Additionally, the Company utilizes at least one financial institution to conduct initial and ongoing credit analysis on its investment portfolio to monitor and lower the potential impact of market risk associated with its cash equivalents and investment portfolio. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash balances, which are primarily invested in money market funds or on deposit at high credit quality financial institutions in the U.S. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to 250,000. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in excess of the FDIC insured limit . The Company is also subject to credit risk for its accounts receivable balance. The Company has not experienced any losses on accounts receivables since July 1, 2018, the date the Company transitioned to an education service company. To manage accounts receivable risk, the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts, if needed. Our dependence on our most significant university partner, with and of total service revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, subjects us to the risk that declines in our customer s operations would result in a sustained reduction in service revenue for the Company. , classified as available-for sale securities. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available-for-sale investments comprised of the following: ) Total investments ) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net unrealized losses were , net of taxes. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates the lifetime expected credit losses for all available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position. If our assessment indicates that an expected credit loss exists, we determine the portion of the unrealized loss attributable to credit deterioration and record a reserve for the expected credit loss in the allowance for credit losses in technology and academic services in our 
 76 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 unrealized gains or losses for available-for sale debt securities as all matured or were sold by December 31, 2021. Available-for-sale securities maturing as of December 31: 2024 2025 Total ) Year ended December 31, 2020 

 (1) Amount in the year ended December 31, 2020 represents the cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 on the Secured Note receivable. (2) In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Secured Note receivable was paid off in full and the credit loss reserve of was reversed . (3) Deductions represent accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
 Land improvements Buildings Buildings and leasehold improvements Computer equipment Furniture, fixtures and equipment Internally developed software Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 77 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 ) Trade names ) Total amortizable intangible assets, net ) Amortization expense for university partner relationships and trade names for the years ending December 31: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter to ten years and eight months. At lease inception, we determine the lease term by assuming exercises of renewal options, due to the Company s constantly changing geographical needs for its university partners. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheets and we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has operating lease costs of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of non-cancelable operating lease commitments for off-campus classroom and laboratory sites and for optical fiber communication lines that had not yet commenced. The Company s weighted-average remaining lease term relating to its operating leases is years, with a weighted-average discount rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had financing leases. Future payment obligations with respect to the Company s operating leases, which were existing at December 31, 2022, by year and in the aggregate, are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 78 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 on the Secured Note in October 2021 repaid all amounts due under the outstanding term loan and revolving credit facilities, terminated the credit agreement and expensed all remaining capitalized loan costs of to interest expense. reserve for tax matters where its ultimate exposure is considered probable and the potential loss can be reasonably estimated. Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding excludes the incremental effect of unvested restricted stock and shares that would be issued upon the assumed exercise of stock options in accordance with the treasury stock method. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately , , and , respectively, of the Company s restricted stock awards outstanding were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. These restricted stock awards could be dilutive in the future. 
 79 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 shares of authorized but unissued and undesignated preferred stock. The Company s charter provides that the board of directors has authority to issue preferred stock, with voting powers, designations, preferences, and special rights, qualifications, limitation, or restrictions as permitted by law as determined by the board of directors, without stockholder approval. The board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. Treasury Stock In January 2021, July 2021, January 2022 and October 2022 the Board of Directors increased the authorization under its existing stock repurchase program by , , and , respectively, reflecting an aggregate authorization for share repurchases since the initiation of our program of . The expiration date on the repurchase authorization is . Repurchases occur at the Company s discretion. Repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. The amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business conditions warrant. On March 10, 2021, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR agreement with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC Morgan Stanley to repurchase up to of its outstanding shares of common stock as part of the Company s share repurchase program. Under the ASR agreement, the Company received initial delivery of approximately shares of common stock, representing approximately of the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the ASR agreement based on the closing price of the common stock of , on March 9, 2021. At inception of the ASR agreement, the Company recognized the initial delivery of shares as treasury stock of , and recognized the remaining amount underlying the ASR agreement as a reduction of additional paid in capital of . The total number of shares that the Company repurchased under the ASR program was based on the volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the term of the ASR agreement, less a discount, and subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR agreement. The final settlement of the share repurchases under the ASR agreement was completed on May 4, 2021 with additional delivery of shares of common stock. At settlement of the ASR agreement, the Company recognized an increase to additional paid in capital and a decrease in treasury stock of related to the remaining delivery of shares. The ASR agreement resulted in a total of shares repurchased at an average cost of . On May 14, 2021, the Company entered into an ASR agreement with Morgan Stanley to repurchase up to of its outstanding shares of common stock as part of the Company s share repurchase program. Under the ASR agreement, the Company received initial delivery on May 17, 2021 of approximately shares of common stock, representing approximately of the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the ASR agreement based on the closing price of the common stock of , on May 14, 2021. At inception of the ASR agreement, the Company recognized the initial delivery of shares as treasury stock of , and recognized the remaining amount underlying the ASR agreement as a reduction to additional paid in capital of . The total number of shares that the Company repurchased under the ASR program was based on the volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the term of the ASR agreement, less a discount, and subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR agreement. The final settlement of the share repurchases under the ASR agreement was completed on August 13, 2021 with additional delivery of shares of common stock. At settlement of the ASR agreement, the Company recognized an increase to additional paid in capital and a decrease in treasury stock of related to the remaining delivery of shares. The ASR agreement resulted in a total of shares repurchased at an average cost of . 
 80 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of . As of December 31, 2022, there remained available under its current share repurchase authorization. Shares repurchased in lieu of taxes are not included in the repurchase plan totals as they were approved in conjunction with the restricted share awards. valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted though income tax expense. The components of income tax expense (benefit) are as follows: State Deferred: Federal ) State Tax expense recorded as an increase of paid-in capital A reconciliation of income tax computed at the U.S. statutory rate to the effective income tax rate is as follows: State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit State tax credits, net of federal effect ) ) ) Excess tax benefits ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses Other Effective income tax rate 
 81 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Employee compensation Intangibles Leases State taxes Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability: Property and equipment ) ) Goodwill ) ) Other ) Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) The net deferred tax liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is comprised of the following: As of December 31, As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred income taxes, current Deferred income taxes, non-current ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) The Company recognizes the impact of a tax position in its financial statements if that position is more-likely-than-not to be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company discloses all unrecognized tax benefits, which includes the reserves recorded for uncertain tax positions on filed tax returns and the unrecognized portion of affirmative claims. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. Unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, is as follows: Tax positions taken during the current year Increases Decreases Tax positions taken during a prior year Increases Decreases ) ) Decreases for settlements during the period ) Reductions for lapses of applicable statute of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 82 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrecognized tax benefit recorded of and , respectively, if reversed, would impact the effective tax rate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, in interest and and , respectively, in penalties. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit will change during the next 12 months, however management does not expect the potential change to have a material effect on the results of operations or financial position. The Company s uncertain tax positions were related to tax years that remained subject to examination by tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the earliest tax year still subject to examination for federal and state purposes is 2019 and 2018, respectively. shares may be granted. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for grants under the 2017 Plan. Restricted Stock During fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company granted , , and shares of common stock, respectively, with a service vesting condition to certain of its executives, officers, and employees. The restricted shares have voting rights and vest evenly at over each of the next . Upon vesting, shares will be held in lieu of taxes equivalent to the statutory tax withholding required to be paid when the restricted stock vests. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company withheld , , and shares of common stock in lieu of taxes at a cost of , , and , on the restricted stock vesting dates, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, following the annual stockholders meeting, the Company granted , and shares of common stock to the non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors. The restricted shares granted to these directors have voting rights and vest on the earlier of (a) the anniversary of the date of grant or (b) immediately prior to the following year s annual stockholders meeting. Included in the 2021 amount is an initial award of shares that was granted to a newly appointed non-employee director pursuant to the Company s compensation program. The 2021 newly appointed non-employee director also received an annual grant of restricted shares. The initial award of shares that were granted in 2021 to the newly appointed non-employee director have voting rights and vest on the anniversary of the date of grant. 
 83 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized share-based compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Stock Options options were granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Prior to 2012, the Company granted time vested options to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant to employees. These time vested options vested ratably over a period of and expire from the date of grant. A summary of the activity related to stock options granted under the Company s Incentive Plan is as follows: Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, canceled or expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, canceled or expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Share-based Compensation Share-based Compensation Expense Assumptions Restricted Stock Awards The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for share-based payment awards made to employees and directors. The fair value of the Company s restricted stock awards is based on the market price of its 
 84 

Table of Contents Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Counseling services and support Marketing and communication General and administrative Share-based compensation expense included in operating expenses Tax effect of share-based compensation ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax 401(k) Plan The Company has established a 401(k) Defined Contribution Benefit Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides eligible employees, upon date of hire, with an opportunity to make tax-deferred contributions into a long-term investment and savings program. All employees over the age of are eligible to participate in the plan. The Plan allows eligible employees to contribute to the Plan subject to Internal Revenue Code restrictions and the Plan allows the Company to make discretionary matching contributions. The Company plans to make a matching contribution to the Plan of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made discretionary matching contributions to the Plan of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively, of which amounts were owed as of December 31, 2022 and 2020. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. Our Disclosure Committee meets on a quarterly basis and more often if necessary. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, an evaluation was performed on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This Disclosure Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning management s evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures referred to in those certifications and, as such, should be read in conjunction with the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitation, our internal control systems and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria described in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The objective of this assessment was to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Based on its assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their audit report which is included herein. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Grand Canyon Education, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Phoenix, Arizona February 16, 2023 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information We have a policy governing transactions in our securities by directors, officers, employees and others which permits these individuals to enter into trading plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Generally, under these trading plans, the individual relinquishes control over the transactions once the trading plan is put into place. Accordingly, sales under these plans may occur at any time, including possibly before, simultaneously with, or immediately after significant events involving our company. We anticipate that, as permitted by Rule 10b5-1 and our policy governing transactions in our securities, some or all of our directors, officers and employees may establish or terminate trading plans in the future. We intend to disclose the names of executive officers and directors who establish or terminate a trading plan in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and the requirements of our policy governing transactions in our securities in our future quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation, however, to update or review the information provided herein, including for revision or termination of an established trading plan, other than in such quarterly and annual reports. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information relating to our Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance required by this item appears in the sections entitled Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors in our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Our employees must act ethically at all times and in accordance with the policies in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We require full compliance with this policy from all designated employees including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer. We publish the policy, and any amendments or waivers to the policy, in the Corporate Governance section of our website located at www.gce.com/ Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. The charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are also available in the Corporate Governance section of our website located at www.gce.com/Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information relating to this item appears in the section entitled Executive Compensation in our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information relating to this item appears in the sections entitled Executive Compensation and Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information relating to this item appears in the sections entitled Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Independence and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in our 2023 proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information relating to this item appears in the section entitled Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees in our 2023 our proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end (December 31, 2022) and such information is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 62 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 64 Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 65 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 66 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 67 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 68 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 69 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not required, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. 3. Exhibits 

Number Description Method of Filing 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Grand Canyon University (formerly known as Gazelle University)# Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 17, 2018, by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., GCE Cosmos Merger Sub, LLC and Orbis Education Services, LLC# Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Method of Filing 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to GCE s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2014. 4.1 Specimen of Stock Certificate Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to GCE s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2008. 4.2 Description of Common Stock Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020. 10.1 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2011. 10.2 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCE s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2017. 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2018. 10.4 Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Brian E. Mueller Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and W. Stan Meyer Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 10.6 Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Daniel E. Bachus Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 10.7 First Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Dilek Marsh Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 10.8 Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated April 29, 2020, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Daniel J. Briggs Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020. 10.9 Form of Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Amendment No. 2 to GCE s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2008. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Method of Filing 10.10 Credit Agreement dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Grand Canyon University (formerly known as Gazelle University). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 10.11 Master Services Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Grand Canyon University (formerly known as Gazelle University).## Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed with the SEC on April 23, 2019. 10.12 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and the other parties named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 10.13 Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and the other parties named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 10.14 First Amendment, dated January 31, 2019 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and the other parties named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 10.15 First Incremental Facility Amendment, dated February 1, 2019 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and the other parties named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 20, 2019. 10.16 Second Amendment, dated October 31, 2019 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 by and among Grand Canyon Education, Inc., Bank of America N.A., and the other parties named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2019. 10.17 Modification of Credit Agreement, Dated October 29, 2021, by and between Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and Grand Canyon University. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCE s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021. 21.0 Subsidiaries of Grand Canyon Education, Inc. Filed herewith. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Filed herewith. 24.1 Power of Attorney Filed herewith (on signature page) 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Method of Filing 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 101 The following financial statements from GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Income Statements, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. Filed herewith. 104 The cover page from GCE s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. 

 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. # Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. GCE will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. ## Certain portions of this document have been redacted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv). This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of GCE, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GRAND CANYON EDUCATION, INC. By: /s/ Brian E. Mueller Name: Brian E. Mueller Title: Chief Executive Officer Dated: February 16, 2023 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Brian E. Mueller, Daniel E. Bachus, and Sarah S. Collins, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Brian E. Mueller Chief Executive Officer and Chairman February 16, 2023 Brian E. Mueller (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Daniel E. Bachus Chief Financial Officer February 16, 2023 Daniel E. Bachus (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Lori Browning SVP, Controller Chief Accounting Officer February 16, 2023 Lori Browning (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Sara R. Dial Director February 16, 2023 Sara R. Dial /s/ Jack A. Henry Director February 16, 2023 Jack A. Henry /s/ Lisa Graham Keegan Director February 16, 2023 Lisa Graham Keegan /s/ Chevy Humphrey Director February 16, 2023 Chevy Humphrey /s/ David M. Adame Director February 16, 2023 David M. Adame 

95 

<EX-21.0>
 2
 lope-20221231xex21d0.htm
 EX-21.0

Exhibit 21.0 

Subsidiaries of Registrant Jurisdiction of Incorporation Orbis Education Services, LLC DE Orbis Education Management Company, LLC IN Orbis Education II, LLC DE GC Education, Inc. AZ Tierra Vista Inversiones, LLC DE Nueva Ventura, LLC AZ Casa de Amistad, LLC AZ Amigos de Torrejon, LLC AZ Piedras Bonitas Inversiones, LLC AZ La Sonrisa de Siena, LLC AZ Nuevo Comienzo, LLC AZ El Vecino de Amigos, LLC AZ La Fuente de la Comunidad, LLC AZ Rentwise Properties, LLC AZ Mid-State Rental Properties, LLC AZ REG 5160, LLC AZ 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 lope-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1
 
 Cover 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors Grand Canyon Education, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (Nos. 333-155973, 333-165019, 333-179611, and 333-218740) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Grand Canyon Education, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Phoenix, Arizona February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 lope-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brian E. Mueller, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Grand Canyon Education, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 19 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Brian E. Mueller Brian E. Mueller Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 lope-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Daniel E. Bachus, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Grand Canyon Education, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 19 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Daniel E. Bachus Daniel E. Bachus Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 lope-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Grand Canyon Education, Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian E. Mueller, Chief Executive Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o); and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Brian E. Mueller Brian E. Mueller Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 lope-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Grand Canyon Education, Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel E. Bachus, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o); and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: February 16, 2023 

/s/ Daniel E. Bachus Daniel E. Bachus Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lope-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lope-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lope-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lope-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

