<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_930236_0000930236-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>56797184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1230288</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4793559</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>28785722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10271241</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10552179</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930236-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228213008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930236-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		191
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REDWOOD TRUST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930236
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				680329422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13759
		FILM NUMBER:		23689417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BELVEDERE PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			MILL VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94941
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 380-2317

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BELVEDERE PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			MILL VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94941

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930236-23-000008.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 rwt-20221231.htm
 10-K

rwt-20221231 

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended: , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from _______________ to _______________. 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding on February 21, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 
 Item 2. Properties 
 58 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures (Not Applicable) 
 58 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 61 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 105 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 112 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 112 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 112 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 113 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 114 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 114 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 114 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 115 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

i 

Special Note - Cautionary Statement 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ from our beliefs, expectations, estimates, and projections and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements are not historical in nature and can be identified by words such as anticipate, estimate, will, should, expect, believe, intend, seek, plan and similar expressions or their negative forms, or by references to strategy, plans, or intentions. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Risk Factors. Other risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected are described below and may be described from time to time in reports we file with the SEC, including reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, are forward-looking by their nature: (i) statements we make regarding Redwood's business strategy and strategic focus, including statements relating to our overall market position, strategy and long-term prospects (including trends driving the flow of capital in the housing finance market, our strategic initiatives designed to capitalize on those trends, our ability to attract capital to finance those initiatives, our approach to and sources for raising capital, our ability to pay dividends in the future, our ability to repay maturing debt, and the prospects for federal housing finance reform); (ii) statements related to our financial outlook and expectations for 2023 and future years, including our statements regarding the impact of expense management initiatives that we expect to reduce our run-rate fixed compensation expenses into 2023, and that we believe the diversity of our revenue streams, notably the resiliency they have shown past during periods of high interest rates, positions us well to navigate current market conditions; (iii) statements related to our residential mortgage banking business, including with respect to our positioning to capture market share in 2023 and beyond, our outlook on the residential mortgage securitization market and expected securitization issuance activity, our allocations of capital, our expectation that overall mortgage origination volumes across the industry will remain muted, and expectations regarding the impact of the trajectory of interest rates on mortgage banking margins and our ability to quickly increase loan purchase volumes when market conditions improve; (iv) statements related to our investment portfolio, including that our investment portfolio has an estimated forward loss-adjusted economic yield of 15 , our estimate that our investment portfolio had approximately 500 million (or 4.33 per share) of net discount at year-end 2022, our ability to realize the full value of assets trading at a discount to par, the credit characteristics of our investments, our expectations regarding market activity and pricing, near- to medium-term ROI targets, and our expectations regarding the direction of home prices in 2023, including with respect to geographical variation, the likelihood of a pronounced decline, and the ability of our investment portfolio to withstand adverse economic conditions; (v) statements related to our business purpose lending platform, including statements regarding CoreVest's outlook and pipeline of activity for 2023, loan pricing dynamics, the resilience of demand for our loan products (even during a recession), that prevailing industry dynamics continue to drive investor demand, that we see opportunities to enhance our direct origination capabilities through purchases from third-party correspondents, and further integration of the Riverbend platform; (vi) statements regarding our expectations for performance of RWT Horizons portfolio companies; (vii) statements relating to estimates of our available capital and that we intend to use our unrestricted cash and other sources of available liquidity to address our 2023 convertible bond maturity, and our expectations to remain opportunistic in repurchasing other series of our outstanding convertible bonds ; (viii) statements relating to acquiring residential mortgage loans in the future that we have identified for purchase or plan to purchase, including the amount of such loans that we identified for purchase during the fourth quarter of 2022 and at December 31, 2022, expected fallout and the corresponding volume of residential mortgage loans expected to be available for purchase, and outstanding forward sale agreements at quarter-end; (ix) statements we make regarding future dividends, including with respect to our regular quarterly dividends in 2023; and (x) statements regarding our expectations and estimates relating to the characterization for income tax purposes of our dividend distributions, our expectations and estimates relating to tax accounting, tax liabilities and tax savings, and GAAP tax provisions, and our estimates of REIT taxable income and TRS taxable income. 
 Important factors, among others, that may affect our actual results include: 
 general economic trends and the performance of the housing, real estate, mortgage finance, and broader financial markets; 
 changing benchmark interest rates, and the Federal Reserve s actions and statements regarding monetary policy; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 federal and state legislative and regulatory developments and the actions of governmental authorities and entities; 
 our ability to compete successfully; 
 our ability to adapt our business model and strategies to changing circumstances; 
 strategic business and capital deployment decisions we make; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 ii 

our exposure to a breach of our cybersecurity or data security; 
 our exposure to credit risk and the timing of credit losses within our portfolio; 
 the concentration of the credit risks we are exposed to, including due to the structure of assets we hold, the geographical concentration of real estate underlying assets we own, and our exposure to environmental and climate-related risks; 
 the efficacy and expense of our efforts to manage or hedge credit risk, interest rate risk, and other financial and operational risks; 
 changes in credit ratings on assets we own and changes in the rating agencies credit rating methodologies; 
 changes in mortgage prepayment rates; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 our ability to redeploy our available capital into new investments; 
 interest rate volatility, changes in credit spreads, and changes in liquidity in the market for real estate securities and loans; 
 our ability to finance the acquisition of real estate-related assets with short-term debt; 
 changes in the values of assets we own; 
 the ability of counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us; 
 our exposure to the discontinuation of LIBOR; 
 our exposure to liquidity risk, risks associated with the use of leverage, and market risks; 
 changes in the demand from investors for residential and business purpose mortgages and investments, and our ability to distribute residential and business purpose mortgages through our whole-loan distribution channel; 
 our involvement in securitization transactions, the profitability of those transactions, and the risks we are exposed to in engaging in securitization transactions; 
 exposure to claims and litigation, including litigation arising from our involvement in loan origination and securitization transactions; 
 whether we have sufficient liquid assets to meet short-term needs; 
 our ability to successfully retain or attract key personnel; 
 changes in our investment, financing, and hedging strategies and new risks we may be exposed to if we expand or reorganize our business activities; 
 our exposure to a disruption of our technology infrastructure and systems; 
 the impact on our reputation that could result from our actions or omissions or from those of others; 
 the complexity of accounting rules applicable to us and our assets; 
 the future realization of our deferred tax assets and the amount of any valuation allowance recorded against them; 
 our failure to maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 the impact of changes to U.S. federal income tax laws on the U.S. housing market, mortgage finance markets, and our business; 
 our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulation, including our ability to obtain or maintain the governmental licenses; 
 our ability to maintain our status as a REIT for tax purposes; 
 limitations imposed on our business due to our REIT status and our status as exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940; 
 our capital stock may experience price declines, volatility, and poor liquidity, and we may reduce our dividends in a variety of circumstances; 
 decisions about raising, managing, and distributing capital; 
 our exposure to broad market fluctuations; and 
 other factors not yet identified. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain statistics and other data that in some cases have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by servicers and other third-party service providers. 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Introduction 
 Redwood Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a specialty finance company focused on several distinct areas of housing credit, with a mission to help make quality housing, whether rented or owned, accessible to all American households. Our operating platforms occupy a unique position in the housing finance value chain, providing liquidity to growing segments of the U.S. housing market not well served by government programs. We deliver customized housing credit investments to a diverse mix of investors through our best-in-class securitization platforms, whole-loan distribution activities and our publicly-traded securities. Our aggregation, origination and investment activities have evolved to incorporate a diverse mix of residential, business purpose and multifamily assets. Our goal is to provide attractive returns to shareholders through a stable and growing stream of earnings and dividends, capital appreciation, and a commitment to technological innovation that facilitates risk-minded scale. We operate our business in three segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking, and Investment Portfolio. 
 Our primary sources of income are net interest income from our investments and non-interest income from our mortgage banking activities. Net interest income consists of the interest income we earn on investments less the interest expense we incur on borrowed funds and other liabilities. Income from mortgage banking activities is generated through the origination and acquisition of loans, and their subsequent sale, securitization, or transfer to our investment portfolio. 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 1994. We generally refer, collectively, to Redwood Trust, Inc. and those of its subsidiaries that are not subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as the REIT or our REIT. We generally refer to subsidiaries of Redwood Trust, Inc. that are subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as our taxable REIT subsidiaries or TRS. Our mortgage banking activities and investments in mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs") are generally carried out through our taxable REIT subsidiaries, while our portfolio of mortgage- and other real estate-related investments is primarily held at our REIT. We generally intend to retain profits generated and taxed at our taxable REIT subsidiaries, and to distribute as dividends at least 90 of the taxable income we generate at our REIT. 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Maryland on April 11, 1994, and commenced operations on August 19, 1994. On October 15, 2019, Redwood acquired CoreVest American Finance Lender, LLC and certain affiliated entities ("CoreVest"), at which time CoreVest became wholly owned by Redwood. 
 Our executive offices are located at One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, California 94941. References herein to Redwood, the company, we, us, and our include Redwood Trust, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 Financial information concerning our business, both on a consolidated basis and with respect to each of our segments, is set forth in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data as well as in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations which are included in Part II, Items 8 and 7, respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our Business Segments 
 We operate our business in three segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking and Investment Portfolio. Our two mortgage banking segments generate income from the origination or acquisition of loans and the subsequent sale or securitization of those loans. Our investment portfolio is comprised of investments sourced through our mortgage banking operations as well as investments purchased from third-parties and generates income primarily from net interest income and asset appreciation. 
 Following is a further description of our three business segments: 
 1 

Residential Mortgage Banking 
 This segment consists of a mortgage loan conduit that acquires residential loans from third-party originators for subsequent sale to whole loan buyers, securitization through our SEMT (Sequoia) private-label securitization program, or transfer into our investment portfolio. We typically acquire prime jumbo mortgages and the related mortgage servicing rights on a flow basis from our extensive network of loan sellers. This segment also includes various derivative financial instruments that we utilize to manage certain risks associated with our inventory of residential loans held-for-sale within this segment. This segment s main source of mortgage banking income is net interest income from its inventory of loans held-for-sale, as well as income from mortgage banking activities, which includes valuation increases (or gains) on loans we acquire and subsequently sell, securitize, or transfer into our investment portfolio, and the hedges used to manage risks associated with these activities. Direct operating expenses and tax expenses associated with these activities are also included in this segment. 
 Business Purpose Mortgage Banking 
 This segment consists of a platform that originates and acquires business purpose lending ("BPL") loans for subsequent securitization, sale, or transfer into our investment portfolio. Business purpose loans are loans to investors in single-family rental and multifamily properties, which we classify as either "term" loans (which include loans with maturities that generally range from 3 to 30 years) or "bridge" loans (which include loans with maturities that generally range between 12 and 36 months). Term loans are mortgage loans secured by residential real estate (primarily 1-4 unit detached or multifamily) that the borrower owns as an investment property and rents to residential tenants. BPL bridge loans are mortgage loans which are generally secured by unoccupied (or in the case of certain multifamily properties, partially occupied) residential or multifamily real estate that the borrower owns as an investment and that is being renovated, rehabilitated or constructed. We typically distribute most of our term loans through our CAFL private-label securitization program, or through whole loan sales, and typically transfer our BPL bridge loans to our Investment Portfolio, where they will either be retained for investment or securitized, or will sell them as whole loans. This segment also includes various derivative financial instruments that we utilize to manage certain risks associated with our inventory of loans held-for-sale. This segment s main sources of mortgage banking income are net interest income earned on loans while they are held in inventory, origination and other fees on loans, mark-to-market adjustments on loans from the time loans are originated or purchased to when they are sold, securitized or transferred into our investment portfolio, and gains/losses from associated hedges. Direct operating expenses and tax expenses associated with these activities are also included in this segment. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 This segment consists of organic investments sourced through our residential and business purpose mortgage banking operations, including primarily securities retained from our residential and business purpose securitization activities (some of which we consolidate for GAAP purposes), BPL bridge loans, as well as third-party investments including RMBS issued by third parties (including Agency CRT securities), investments in Freddie Mac K-Series multifamily loan securitizations and reperforming loan securitizations (both of which we consolidate for GAAP purposes), servicer advance investments, home equity investments ("HEIs"), and other housing-related investments and associated hedges. This segment s main sources of income are net interest income and other income from investments, changes in fair value of investments and associated hedges, and realized gains and losses upon the sale of securities. Direct operating expenses and tax provisions associated with these activities are also included in this segment. 

Consolidated Securitization Entities 
 We sponsor our SEMT (Sequoia) securitization program, which we use for the securitization of residential mortgage loans. We are required under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States GAAP to consolidate the assets and liabilities of certain Sequoia securitization entities we have sponsored for financial reporting purposes. We refer to certain of these securitization entities issued prior to 2012 as consolidated Legacy Sequoia entities, and the securitization entities formed in connection with the securitization of Redwood Choice expanded-prime loans and certain Redwood Select prime loans as the "consolidated Sequoia entities." 
 We also sponsor our CAFL securitization program, which we use for the securitization of BPL term and bridge mortgage loans. We are required under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States GAAP to consolidate the assets and liabilities of CAFL securitization entities we have sponsored for financial reporting purposes. We refer to these securitization entities as the "consolidated CAFL entities." 
 In addition, in 2021, we co-sponsored a securitization of HEIs. We are required under GAAP to consolidate the assets and liabilities of this securitization entity we have sponsored for financial reporting purposes. We refer to this securitization entity as the "HEI securitization entity." 
 2 

We also consolidate certain third-party Freddie Mac K-Series and Freddie Mac Seasoned Loans Structured Transaction ("SLST") securitization entities that we determined were VIEs and for which we determined we were the primary beneficiary. 
 Where applicable, in analyzing our results of operations, we distinguish results from curr ent operations "at Redwood" and from consolidated entities. Each of these consolidated entities is independent of Redwood and of each other, and the assets and liabilities of these entities are not owned by us or legal obligations of ours, respectively, although we are exposed to certain financial risks associated with any role we carry out for these entities (e.g., as sponsor or depositor) and, to the extent we hold securities issued by, or other investments in, these entities, we are exposed to the performance of these entities and the assets they hold. 

Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 Redwood s management, under the oversight of the Board of Directors, formulates Redwood s strategic and operational approach to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters and executes on specific ESG initiatives. Redwood s corporate mission of helping to make quality housing, whether rented or owned, accessible to all American households is integrated with, and linked to, our approach to ESG matters at Redwood. Our website includes information regarding ESG matters at Redwood, which we update from time to time. See Information Available on Our Website below. In June 2022, we published an ESG Tear Sheet which included selected metrics disclosed in accordance with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB standards for the Financials Sector Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Custody Activities industries. We believe these industry standards most closely align with our business and investments and we chose this framework as it allows for comparable and reliable information, which is consistent with our commitment to provide transparent, useful, and relevant data to all of our stakeholders. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, Redwood employed 347 full-time employees, 212 (or 61 of which are directly engaged in the operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary, CoreVest, with the remainder spread across our Residential Mortgage Banking, Investment Portfolio and Corporate functions. Our employees are dispersed across our offices, including in California, Colorado, New York, North Carolina, and Oregon. Redwood s talented employees are core to the sustainability and long-term success of Redwood and we invest in programs that attract, retain, develop, and care for our people. Cultural priorities and values are closely intertwined with our overarching business strategy and we believe these priorities support Redwood s ability to fulfill our mission and contribute to our ongoing focus on having a strong, healthy culture and a capable and satisfied workforce. 
 Employee Talent Development 
 We are focused on developing and advancing our employees through targeted learning programs that build specific job-based skills and leadership capabilities across the company. Our manager training program provides foundational leadership training to all managers of people and we provide focused development programs for rising women leaders within the organization. In addition, we offer a menu of skills-based training for all employees and support for specific ongoing education and professional certifications. We regularly assess the talent and skills of our workforce and prioritize the promotion or transfer of current employees for open roles. Feedback and coaching are core to our overall people development programs and our performance management process is designed to foster specific and frequent performance discussions. Attracting and hiring a qualified and diverse workforce is a priority, and we strive to create robust and diverse candidate pools for any open positions across the company. Our summer internship program provides opportunities for a diverse group of students while creating a pipeline of future talent for the company. 
 Workforce Structure Retention 
 We regularly evaluate not only our ability to attract and retain our employees, but also the size and structure of our workforce. In 2022, we acquired Riverbend Funding, LLC ("Riverbend") which added approximately 60 employees to our business purpose lending platform. Voluntary employee turnover remained relatively low at 10 for the year. In the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, we conducted workforce reductions to better align our organizational structure with financial results. These reductions in force decreased the company s headcount approximately 24 since July 1, 2022, to 306 employees as of February 6, 2023. 
 3 

Employee Satisfaction and Engagement 
 We believe that the investments we make in driving a strong, values-based culture and supporting our employees through programs, development, and competitive pay enhances our organizational capability and has a direct impact on our business results and fulfillment of Redwood s mission. We seek to retain our employees by investing in firm-wide engagement programs and we foster a values- and mission-based culture. Our mission, to make quality housing, whether rented or owned, accessible to all American households, guides our day-to-day work together and serves as a cultural foundation. Our core values of Growth, Results, Passion, Relationships, Innovation, and Integrity are embedded into our programs and performance goals and are frequently communicated to our employees. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging 
 We are committed to fostering diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging DEIB within the company and we are actively in the process of implementing our long-term diversity and inclusion roadmap. Our DEIB work is focused on 1) developing and executing programs and processes that increase the representation of female and racially diverse employees at all levels within the organization; and 2) investing in programs, training, and mentorship that contribute to an inclusive and equitable work environment for all of our employees. Our Diversity Steering Committee and Diversity Council, which are overseen by our CEO, inform and steward the company s efforts and include leadership and employee representatives from across the organization. Our Diversity Council is empowered to create relationships with non-profit organizations that support racial equality, including through corporate donations and volunteerism efforts. We support women s leadership and development within the organization through targeted training, mentorship, and collaboration with our women s employee resource group ("ERG"). 
 Community Giving 
 Being involved with and giving back to our communities is an important aspect of our culture. We strive to have a positive impact on the communities where we live and work and support the future development and well-being of our communities. We designate corporate grants for non-profit organizations and causes that we feel strongly connected to; this has historically included equal housing and affordability, racial equality, and education. In addition, we have an employee-led foundation that manages and raises funds for a variety of charitable causes. All employees are invited to participate through various fundraising initiatives and by submitting grant requests for causes that they are passionate about. Volunteerism is also important at Redwood, and we regularly sponsor community events and provide paid time off for volunteer activities. 
 Employee Benefits 
 We offer a competitive compensation structure to our employees, including short- and long-term financial incentives, generous health and welfare benefits including a wellness stipend to be used for fitness and mental health services, paid family leave, fertility benefits, employee service awards, reimbursement for mortgage and renters insurance and paid time off to promote a healthy work/life balance. We also offer all employees the ability to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), which incentivizes stock ownership among our employees by providing the opportunity to purchase Redwood common stock at a discounted price through payroll deductions. 

Competition 
 We are subject to intense competition in seeking investments, acquiring, originating, and selling loans, engaging in securitization transactions, and in other aspects of our business. Our competitors include commercial banks, other mortgage REITs, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, regional and community banks, broker-dealers, investment advisors, insurance companies, and other specialty finance companies and financial institutions, as well as investment funds and other investors in real estate-related assets. In addition, other companies may be formed that will compete with us. Some of our competitors have greater resources than us and we may not be able to compete successfully with them. Some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more favorable relationships than we can. Furthermore, competition for investments, making loans, acquiring and selling loans, engaging in securitization transactions, and in other aspects of our business may lead to a decrease in the opportunities and returns available to us. For additional discussion regarding our ability to compete successfully, see the risk factor below under the heading We are subject to intense competition and we may not compete successfully" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

Federal, State and Local Regulatory and Legislative Developments 
 Our business is affected by conditions in the housing, BPL, multifamily, and real estate markets and the broader financial markets, as well as by the financial condition and resources of other participants in these markets. These markets and many of the participants in these markets are subject to, or regulated under, various federal, state and local laws and regulations. In some cases, the government or government-sponsored entities, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, directly participate in these markets. In particular, because issues relating to residential real estate and housing finance can be areas of political focus, federal, state and local governments may be more likely to take actions that affect residential real estate (including both owner-occupied and rental real estate), the markets for financing residential real estate, landlord and tenant rights, and the participants in residential and business purpose real estate-related industries than they would with respect to other industries. As a result of the government s statutory and regulatory oversight of the markets we participate in and the government s direct and indirect participation in these markets, federal, state and local governmental actions, policies, and directives can have an adverse effect on these markets and on our business and the value of, and the returns on, mortgages, mortgage-related securities, and other assets we own or may acquire in the future, which effects may be material. For additional discussion regarding federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments, see the risk factor below under the heading Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments and the actions of governmental authorities and entities may adversely affect our business and the value of, and the returns on, mortgages, mortgage-related securities, HEIs, and other assets we own or may acquire in the future" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Information Available on Our Website 
 Our website can be found at www.redwoodtrust.com. We make available, free of charge through the investor information section of our website, access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We also make available, free of charge, access to the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee, our Corporate Governance Standards, Policy Regarding Majority Voting, and our Code of Ethics governing our directors, officers, and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director, or senior officer (as defined in the Code). In addition, our website includes information concerning purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors, as well as disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC s Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast, or by similar means from time to time. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Investor Relations Department can be contacted at One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA 94941, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone (866) 269-4976 or email investorrelations@redwoodtrust.com. 

Certifications 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have executed certifications dated February 28, 2023, as required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and we have included those certifications as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer certified to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on June 14, 2022 that he was unaware of any violations by Redwood Trust, Inc. of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards in effect as of that date. 
 5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 
 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 general economic conditions and trends and the performance of the housing, real estate, mortgage finance, and broader financial markets; 
 changing benchmark interest rates, and the Federal Reserve s actions and statements regarding monetary policy; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments and the actions of governmental authorities and entities; 
 our ability to compete successfully; 
 our ability to adapt our business model and strategies to changing circumstances ; 
 strategic business and capital deployment decisions we make ; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 our exposure to a breach of our cybersecurity or data security; 
 Risks Related to our Investments and Investing Activity 
 our exposure to credit risk and the timing of credit losses within our portfolio; 
 the concentration of the credit risks we are exposed to, including due to the structure of assets we hold and the geographical concentration of real estate underlying assets we own, and our exposure to environmental and climate-related risks; 
 the efficacy and expense of our efforts to manage or hedge credit risk, interest rate risk, and other financial and operational risks ; 
 changes in credit ratings on assets we own and changes in the rating agencies credit rating methodologies ; 
 c hanges in interest rates or mortgage prepayment rates ; 
 investment and reinvestment risk; 
 asset performance, interest rate volatility, changes in credit spreads, and changes in liquidity in the market for real estate securities and loans; 
 o ur ability to finance the acquisition of real estate-related assets with short-term debt ; 
 t he ability of counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us ; 
 our exposure to the discontinuation of LIBOR; 
 foreclosure activity may expose us to risks associated with real estate ownership and operation; 
 we may enter into new lines of business, acquire other companies, or engage in other new strategic initiatives; 
 Operational and Other Risks 
 changes in the demand from investors for residential and business purpose mortgages and investments, and our ability to distribute residential and business purpose mortgages through our whole-loan distribution channels; 
 our involvement in loan origination and securitization transactions, the profitability of those transactions, and the risks we are exposed to in engaging in loan origination or securitization transactions ; 
 e xposure to claims and litigation, including litigation arising from loan origination and securitization transactions ; 
 acquisitions may fail to improve our business and could expose us to new or increased risks and costs; 
 w hether we have sufficient liquid assets to meet short-term needs ; 
 changes in our investment, financing, and hedging strategies and new risks we may be exposed to if we expand or reorganize; 
 our ability to successfully retain or attract key personnel ; 
 6 

our exposure to a disruption of our or a third party s technology infrastructure and systems; 
 we are dependent on third-party information systems and third-party service providers; 
 our failure to maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 our risk management efforts may not be effective; 
 we could be harmed by misconduct or fraud; 
 inadvertent errors, system failures or cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business; 
 the impact on our reputation that could result from our actions or omissions or from those of others; 
 accounting rules related to certain of our transactions and asset valuations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions; 
 the future realization of our deferred tax assets is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against our deferred tax assets may change materially in future periods; 
 Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Matters Affecting our Industry 
 the impact of changes to U.S. federal income tax laws on the U.S. housing market, mortgage finance markets, and our business ; 
 our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulation, including our ability to obtain or maintain required governmental licenses; 
 Risks Related to Redwood's Capital, REIT and Legal/Organizational Structure 
 our ability to maintain our status as a REIT for tax purposes ; 
 decisions about raising, managing, and distributing capital ; 
 limitations imposed on our business due to our REIT status and our status as exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940 ; 
 provisions in our charter and bylaws and provisions of Maryland law may limit a change in control or deter a takeover; 
 the ability to take action against our directors and officers is limited by our charter and bylaws and provisions of Maryland law and we may indemnify them against certain losses; 
 Other Risks Related to Ownership of Our Capital Stock 
 our stock may experience losses, volatility, and poor liquidity, and we may reduce our dividends; 
 limited number of institutional shareholders own a significant percentage of our common stock; 
 dividend distributions and the timing and character of such dividends may change; 
 future sales of our stock or other securities by us or our officers and directors may have adverse consequences for investors; 
 the conversion rights of our preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of our common stock; 
 payment of dividends in common stock could place downward pressure on market price; and 
 other factors not yet identified, including broad market fluctuations. 
 
 7 

Risk Related to our Business and Industry 
 General economic conditions and trends and the performance of the housing, real estate, mortgage finance, and broader financial markets have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business and the value of, and returns on, real estate-related and other assets we own or may acquire and could also negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 
 Our level of business activity and the profitability of our business, as well as the values of, and the cash flows from, the assets we own, are affected by developments in the U.S. economy and the broader global economy. As a result, negative economic developments are likely to negatively impact our business and financial results. There are a number of factors that could contribute to negative economic developments, including, but not limited to, inflation, slower economic growth or recession, U.S. fiscal and monetary policy changes, including Federal Reserve policy shifts and changes in benchmark interest rates, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, negative developments in the housing, single-family rental (SFR), multifamily, and real estate markets, home price depreciation, rising unemployment, rising government debt levels, or adverse global political and economic events, such as the outbreak of pandemic, epidemic disease, or warfare (including the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine). 
 
 Rising inflation has put upward pressure on interest rates and may lead to even higher interest rates in the future. Higher and more volatile interest rates have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our overall business, income, and our ability to pay dividends, including by reducing the fair value of many of our assets. This has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our earnings results, our ability to securitize, re-securitize, or sell our assets, our cost of capital and our liquidity. Continued upward pressure on interest rates could also reduce the ability of borrowers to make interest payments or to refinance their loans underlying our RMBS investments. See the risk factor below under the heading Interest rate fluctuations have had, and may continue to have, various negative effects on us by leading to, among other things, reduced earnings or increased volatility in our earnings. Furthermore, our business and financial results may be harmed by our inability to accurately anticipate developments associated with changes in, or the outlook for, interest rates. 
 
 Real estate values, and the ability to generate returns by owning or taking credit risk on loans secured by real estate, are important to our business. The government s support of mortgage markets through its support of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has contributed to Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s continued dominance of mortgage finance and securitization activity, inhibiting the growth of private sector mortgage securitization. This support may continue for some time and could have potentially negative consequences to us, since we have traditionally taken an active role in assuming credit risk in the private sector mortgage market, including through investments in SEMT (Sequoia) and CAFL securitizations we sponsor. Congress and executive branch officials have periodically proposed various plans for reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (and the broader role of the government in the U.S. mortgage markets); however, it is unclear which reforms will ultimately be implemented, if any, what the time frame for any such reform would be, and what the impact on our business would be. In addition, the Federal Reserve s recent curtailment of its purchases of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other agency mortgage-backed securities has adversely affected the overall demand for mortgage-backed securities and may continue to impact the demand for private-label mortgage-backed securities such as those issued by us. 
 
 In addition, global and U.S. financial markets have experienced significant volatility as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Many state and local jurisdictions both within the U.S. and internationally have at times enacted, and re-enacted, measures requiring closure of businesses, restrictions on travel, and other economically restrictive efforts to combat the pandemic. Such measures have at times led to widespread protests. At times during the COVID-19 pandemic, unemployment levels have increased significantly; unemployment levels may increase again and continue to rise or remain at elevated levels. Similarly, at times during the COVID-19 pandemic, the rate and number of mortgage payment and rental payment delinquencies were significantly elevated and may increase again, and other housing market fundamentals may be adversely affected, leading to an overall material adverse effect on the results of our mortgage banking platforms and investment portfolio. See the risk factor below under the heading The spread of COVID-19 has disrupted, and could further cause severe disruptions in, the U.S. and global economy and financial markets. Our financial condition and core aspects of our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected or disrupted by public health issues, including epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19. 
 
 Changing benchmark interest rates, and the Federal Reserve s actions and statements regarding monetary policy, have affected and may continue to affect the fixed income and mortgage finance markets in ways that adversely affect our business and financial results and the value of, and returns on, real estate-related investments and other assets we own or may acquire. 
 
 Actions taken by the Federal Reserve to set or adjust monetary policy, and statements it makes regarding monetary policy, have adversely affected, and may continue to affect, the expectations and outlooks of market participants in ways that disrupt our business, and the value of, and returns on, our portfolio of real-estate related investments and the pipeline of mortgage loans we own or may originate or acquire. For example, the Federal Reserve significantly tightened monetary policy during 2022 and 2023-to-date by terminating its program to purchase Agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and by increasing the federal funds rate several times due to rising inflation and tight labor market conditions, among other reasons. Moreover, the Federal Reserve has signaled its 
 8 

expectation to continue tightening monetary policy during 2023 until inflation rates moderate and decline. Increasing rates have led to a significant reduction in mortgage loan origination volumes, particularly the volume of mortgage refinancings, and the value of fixed-rate mortgage loans and securities we own. Additional rate increases may further reduce these volumes and asset values, which would have an adverse effect on our earnings, our business, and financial condition. 
 
 To the extent benchmark interest rates continue to rise, one of the immediate potential impacts on our business would be a reduction in the overall value of the pool of mortgage loans that we own and the overall value of the pipeline of mortgage loans that we have identified for origination or purchase. Rising benchmark interest rates also generally have a negative impact on the overall cost of short- and long-term borrowings we use to finance our acquisitions and holdings of mortgage loans, including existing adjustable-rate borrowings and potential future borrowings. Furthermore, declining values of mortgage loans may trigger a requirement to post additional margin (or collateral) to lenders to offset any associated decline in value of the mortgage loans we finance with short-term borrowings that are subject to market value-based margin calls. Most of the short-term borrowing facilities we use to finance our acquisitions and holdings of mortgage loans are uncommitted and all such short-term facilities have a limited term, which could result in these types of borrowings not being available in the future to fund our acquisitions and holdings and could result in our being required to sell holdings of mortgage loans and incur losses. Similar impacts would also be expected with respect to the short-term borrowings we use to finance our acquisitions and holdings of residential, business purpose, and multifamily MBS. In addition, any inability to fund originations or acquisitions of mortgage loans could damage our reputation as a reliable counterparty in the mortgage finance markets. 
 
 To the extent benchmark interest rates continue to rise, it could further impact the volume of mortgage loans available for purchase in the marketplace and our ability to compete to acquire or originate mortgage loans as part of our mortgage banking activities. These impacts could result from, among other things, a lower overall volume of mortgage refinance activity by mortgage borrowers and an increased level of competition from large commercial banks that may operate with a lower cost of capital than we do, including as a result of Federal Reserve monetary policies that impact banks more favorably than us and other non-bank institutions. These and other impacts or developments of the type described above may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations and we cannot accurately predict the full extent of these impacts or for how long they may persist. 
 
 The spread of COVID-19 has disrupted, and could further cause severe disruptions in, the U.S. and global economy and financial markets. Our financial condition and core aspects of our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected or disrupted by public health issues, including epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic (the "pandemic") has caused, and is continuing to cause, significant repercussions across regional, national and global economies, financial markets, and supply chains. The pandemic and governmental programs created as a response to the pandemic have at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets and supply chains. The pandemic and efforts taken in response to it have affected, and may again affect, the core aspects of our business, including the acquisition, origination and distribution of mortgages, activities and valuations within our investment portfolio, our liquidity, and our employees. Although authorities have more recently treated the virus as endemic within the U.S., the full extent to which the pandemic will impact our operations depends on future developments, including the duration and severity of any subsequent outbreaks or surges in cases of the virus or any related variants, and the efficacy and adoption of available vaccines and periodic vaccine boosters. 
 
 The pandemic has impacted, and may again impact, our mortgage banking operations. As a result of government measures taken to slow the spread of the disease (such as temporary business closures, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines and travel restrictions), many businesses have been forced to close, furlough, and lay off employees, and U.S. unemployment claims have dramatically risen and remained elevated at times since the start of the pandemic. To the extent cases surge in any locations, stringent limitations on daily activities that have been eased previously could be reinstated or bolstered in those areas. If the pandemic or any subsequent outbreak of epidemic disease leads to another prolonged economic downturn with sustained high unemployment rates, we would anticipate real estate financing transactions to decrease, which may materially decrease the volume of mortgages we acquire, originate and distribute through our mortgage banking businesses. Further, in light of the impact of the pandemic on the overall economy, including with respect to unemployment levels and consumer behavior related to loans and tenancies, as well as government policies and pronouncements, borrowers have, at times, experienced, and may again experience, difficulties meeting their obligations and have sought or may seek to forbear payment on their loans. Future government-sponsored liquidity or stimulus programs in response to the pandemic, if any, may not be available to our borrowers or to us and, if available, may nevertheless be insufficient to address the impacts of the pandemic. Thus, the credit risk profile of our assets may be more pronounced during severe market disruptions in the mortgage, housing or related sectors. Additionally, interest rates could rise or decline materially and/or credit spreads could widen as a result governmental activities taken in response to macroeconomic events, such as those taken by the Federal Reserve during the pandemic, one or more of which could cause asset values to decrease and/or prepayments on our assets to increase or decrease due to refinancing activity, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 9 

The pandemic has impacted, and may again impact, our access to the capital markets and our liquidity. Pandemic-related disruptions to the normal operation of mortgage finance markets have impacted, and may again impact, our mortgage banking operations by, among other factors, limiting access to short-term or long-term financing for mortgage loans, disrupting the market for securitization transactions, or restricting our ability to access these markets or execute securitization transactions. In addition, we finance many of the mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities, and other real estate assets in our investment portfolio with borrowings under loan warehouse facilities, securities repurchase facilities, and other financing arrangements. Given the broad and unpredictable impact of the pandemic, or a future outbreak of epidemic disease, on the financial markets, specific details around our future ability to finance our investment portfolio are unknowable. Our liquidity could also be impacted as our lenders reassess their exposure to mortgage-related investments and either curtail access to uncommitted financing capacity or impose higher costs to access such capacity. For example, see the risk factor below under the heading Our use of financial leverage exposes us to increased risks, including liquidity risks from margin calls and potential breaches of the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities, which could result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other debt agreements. Our liquidity may be further constrained as there may be less demand by investors to acquire mortgage loans we originate or acquire for re-sale, mortgage-backed securities we issue, including through our SEMT and CAFL securitization platforms, or other assets we own or may acquire in the future. 
 
 Further, the pandemic has affected, and may again affect the availability and/or productivity of our team members. As a result of the pandemic, we transitioned to a predominantly remote working environment for the majority of our team members. Since then, we have undertaken a reopening of our physical office locations and continue to use hybrid work arrangements in certain circumstances. Given the unpredictable future impact of the pandemic on our team members ability to work in-person, our ability to maintain hybrid or in-person work arrangements is unknown. Over time, remote operations may decrease the cohesiveness of our teams and our ability to maintain our culture, both of which are integral to our success, and may impede our ability to undertake new business projects, foster a creative and collaborative environment, hire new team members and retain existing team members. Certain job functions and roles require in-person work on a full- or part-time basis, making the continuation or resumption of hybrid and/or fully remote work arrangements a risk to our operations. 
 
 The rapid development and fluidity of the circumstances resulting from the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of the pandemic. If new or dangerous variants of COVID-19 proliferate or sufficient amounts of vaccines or treatments are not available, not widely administered, or otherwise prove ineffective, the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and, in turn, on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations could be material. Moreover, each of the risk factors discussed in this Item 1A has likely also been impacted directly or indirectly by the pandemic and could again be impacted in the event of a resurgence or the emergence of another epidemic disease. Future developments associated with this or any other pandemic and the attendant economic and other impacts present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments and the actions of governmental authorities and entities may adversely affect our business and the value of, and the returns on, mortgages, mortgage-related securities, HEIs, and other assets we own or may acquire in the future. 
 
 As noted above, our business is affected by conditions in the housing, business purpose, multifamily, and real estate markets and the broader financial markets, as well as by the financial condition and resources of other participants in these markets. These markets and many of the participants in these markets are subject to, or regulated under, various federal, state and local laws and regulations. In some cases, the government or government-sponsored entities, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, directly participate in these markets. In particular, because issues relating to residential housing (including both owner-occupied and rental housing), and real estate finance can be areas of political focus, federal, state and local governments may be more likely to take actions that affect residential housing, the markets for financing residential housing, landlord and tenant rights, lender rights, and the participants in residential housing-related industries than they would with respect to other industries. Other changes or actions by judges or legislators regarding mortgage loans and contracts, including the voiding of certain portions of these agreements or the promulgation of additional restrictions on mortgage foreclosures, may reduce our earnings, impair our ability to mitigate losses, or increase the probability and severity of losses. As a result of the government s statutory and regulatory oversight of the markets we participate in and the government s direct and indirect participation in these markets, federal, state and local governmental actions, policies, and directives can have an adverse effect on these markets and on our business and the value of, and the returns on, mortgages, mortgage-related securities, and other assets we own or may acquire in the future, which effects may be material. 
 
 For example, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac conforming loan limits increased significantly on January 1, 2022 and again on January 1, 2023. These increases, as well as future increases in conforming loan limits, may adversely impact the amount and/or value of non-Agency loans available for purchase, which could have a material adverse effect on our residential business. 
 
 10 

Furthermore, as a result of the economic and market disruption caused by the pandemic, federal and state governmental authorities encouraged and, in certain cases, mandated, responses to forbearance requests from borrowers with respect to monthly mortgage payment obligations by enacting statutes, including the federal CARES Act, and promulgating various orders, regulations, and guidance to enable borrowers to defer and reschedule monthly mortgage payments, coupled with enacting or extending nationwide and/or local foreclosure and eviction moratoria. As another example, during 2022 the Securities and Exchange Commission proposed certain rules to enhance public company disclosure requirements, including with respect to climate-related and cybersecurity risk management and governance. If, or more likely when, the Commission adopts and implements final rules on these or other topics, such disclosure requirements would increase the cost, potentially materially, of maintaining our status as a public company and of hiring third-party auditors and other consultants, as well as enhancing the risk of incorrectly reporting newly mandated metrics (such as our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions, or the climate-related impacts on our financial statements at the line-item level). As another example, the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and subsequent financial turmoil prompted the federal government to put into place new statutory and regulatory frameworks and policies for reforming the U.S. financial system. These financial reforms are aimed at, among other things, promoting robust supervision and regulation of financial firms and financial markets, and protecting consumers and investors from abusive or predatory financial practices. Certain financial reforms focused specifically on the issuance of asset-backed securities through securitization transactions include significantly enhanced disclosure requirements, risk retention requirements, and rules restricting a broad range of conflicts of interests in regard to these transactions. Implementation of financial reforms, whether through law, regulations, or policy, including changes to the manner in which financial institutions, financial products, and financial markets operate and are regulated and any related changes in the accounting standards that govern them, could adversely affect our business and financial results by subjecting us to regulatory oversight, making it more expensive to conduct our business, reducing or eliminating any competitive advantage we may have, or limiting our ability to expand, or could have other adverse effects on us. Moreover, federal policy changes aimed at enhancing regulatory scrutiny and enforcement priorities around mortgage servicing, including by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), could further increase our compliance costs. 
 
 Ultimately, we cannot assure you of the impact that governmental actions may have on our business or the financial markets and, in fact, they may adversely affect us, possibly materially. We cannot predict whether or when such actions may occur or what unintended or unanticipated impacts, if any, such actions could have on our business and financial results. Even after governmental actions have been taken and we believe we understand the impacts of those actions, prevailing interpretations may shift, or we may not be able to effectively respond to them so as to avoid a negative impact on our business or financial results. 
 
 We are subject to intense competition and we may not compete successfully. 
 
 We are subject to intense competition in seeking investments, acquiring, originating, and selling loans, engaging in securitization transactions, and in other aspects of our business. Our competitors include commercial banks, other mortgage REITs, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, regional and community banks, broker-dealers, investment advisors, insurance companies, and other specialty finance companies and financial institutions, as well as investment funds, venture capital investors, and other investors in real estate-related assets. In addition, other companies may be formed that will compete with us. Some of our competitors have greater resources than us and we may not be able to compete successfully with them. Some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more favorable relationships than we can. Furthermore, competition for investments, making loans, acquiring and selling loans, and engaging in securitization transactions may lead to a decrease in the opportunities and returns available to us. 
 
 In addition, there are significant competitive threats to our business from governmental actions and initiatives that have already been undertaken or which may be undertaken in the future. Sustained competition from governmental actions and initiatives could have a material adverse effect on us. For example, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are, among other things, engaged in the business of acquiring loans and engaging in securitization transactions. Until 2008, competition from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was limited to some extent due to the fact that they were statutorily prohibited from purchasing loans for single unit residences in the continental United States with a principal amount in excess of 417,000, while much of our business had historically focused on acquiring residential loans with a principal amount in excess of that amount. Since 2008, this loan size limit has been elevated above the historical loan size limit, and as of January 1, 2023, the maximum loan size limit was 1,089,300 for loans made to secure single unit real estate purchases in certain high-cost areas of the U.S. 
 
 In addition, since 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been in conservatorship and have become, in effect, instruments of the U.S. federal government. It is unclear whether any future federal legislation or executive or regulatory actions regarding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will continue to maintain, or increase, the role of those entities in the housing finance market. As long as there is governmental support for these entities to continue to operate and provide financing to a significant portion of the mortgage finance market, they will represent significant business competition due to, among other things, their large size and low cost of funding. 
 
 11 

To the extent that laws, regulations, or policies governing the business activities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not changed to limit their role in housing finance (such as a change in these loan size limits or in the guarantee fees they charge), the competition from these two governmental entities will remain significant or could increase. In addition, to the extent that property values decline while loan size limits remain the same, it may have the same effect as an increase in these limits, as a greater percentage of loans would likely be within the size limit. Any increase in the loan size limit, or in the overall percentage of loans that are within the limit, allows Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to compete against us to a greater extent than they previously had been able to compete and our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) guarantee qualified residential mortgages, and FHA and VA loans accounted for approximately 17 of the aggregate dollar value of residential loans originated in the U.S. in 2021 . The federal government s ability to provide financing to a significant portion of the mortgage finance market through these entities represents significant business competition due to, among other things, their size and low cost of funding. 
 
 Our business model and business strategies, and the actions we take (or fail to take) to implement them and adapt them to changing circumstances involve risk and may not be successful. 
 
 U.S. real estate markets, the mortgage industry and the related capital markets have undergone significant changes since the U.S. financial crisis of 2007-08, including due to the significant governmental interventions in these areas and changes to the laws and regulations that govern the banking and mortgage finance industry. Additionally, it remains unclear how any future federal legislation or executive or regulatory actions regarding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the housing finance market more broadly will impact that market and our business. Additional factors, including a rising (or stable) interest rate environment, which has caused, and may continue to cause, the volume of refinance loans to decline, and secular trends in consumer demand for renting versus owning a residence, may also contribute to evolving conditions in the mortgage industry and capital markets. Our methods of, and model for, doing business and financing our investments are changing and if we fail to develop, enhance, and implement strategies to adapt to changing conditions in the mortgage finance industry and capital markets, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. For example, as benchmark interest rates have risen over recent quarters, we have continued to focus on investing in HEIs and in platforms that originate HEIs, as we believe that there is and will continue to be increasing consumer demand for HEIs as an alternative for homeowners to access equity in their homes and for home buyers to fund a portion of a home purchase down payment. However, our beliefs and assumptions about the market for HEIs may not anticipate changing circumstances and may not be successful. Furthermore, changes we make to our business to respond to changing circumstances may expose us to new or different risks than those to which we were previously exposed, and we may not effectively identify or manage those risks. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factor titled Decisions we make about our business strategy and investments, as well as decisions about raising capital or returning capital to shareholders and investors (through dividends or repurchases of common stock, preferred stock, or convertible or other debt), could fail to improve our business and results of operations. 
 
 Similarly, the competitive landscape in which we operate and the products and investments for which we compete are also affected by changing conditions. There may be trends or sudden changes in our industry or regulatory environment, changes in the role of government-sponsored entities, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, changes in the role of credit rating agencies or their rating criteria or processes, or changes in the U.S. economy more generally. If we do not effectively respond to these changes or if our strategies to respond to these changes are not successful, our ability to effectively compete in the marketplace may be negatively impacted, which would likely result in our business and financial results being adversely affected. 
 
 We have historically depended upon the issuance of mortgage-backed securities by the securitization entities we sponsor as a funding source for our residential and business purpose mortgage business. However, due to market conditions, our 2022 and 2023-to-date mortgage securitization activity has been limited, and was extremely limited between 2008 and 2011 in the wake of the Great Financial Crisis. While we have engaged in numerous residential and business purpose mortgage securitization transactions both before and since the Great Financial Crisis, the amount of securitization activity we engage in varies from year to year, and we do not know if market conditions will allow us to continue to regularly engage in these types of securitization transactions. Additionally, in 2021 we co-sponsored a first-of-its-kind securitization of HEIs, and subsequently increased our purchase commitment to acquire additional HEIs, with the expectation that we would continue to aggregate HEIs for future securitization. A prolonged disruption of these securitization markets may adversely affect our earnings, growth, and liquidity. Even if regular residential and business purpose mortgage loan securitization activity continues among market participants other than government-sponsored entities, we do not know if it will continue to be on terms and conditions that will permit us to participate or be favorable to us. And even if conditions are favorable to us, we may not be able to sustain the volume of securitization activity we previously conducted. Additionally, securities collateralized by business purpose loans, such as those issued by our CoreVest subsidiaries under the CAFL label, make up a small portion of the total market-wide volume of mortgage-backed securities issued, and the market for securities collateralized by HEIs has only recently come into existence. The markets for such securities are not as mature as the market for residential mortgage-backed securities and dislocations in these markets or a change in the risk tolerance of investors or the perception of risk related to business purpose mortgage-backed securities or HEI-backed securities may negatively impact our ability to grow or sustain the volume of 
 12 

business purpose mortgage-backed or HEI-backed securitization transactions we engage in, which may result in our business and financial results being adversely affected. 
 
 We have also historically depended on the sale of whole loans in the whole loan market as a channel for distributing loans and as an alternative to engaging in securitization transactions. However, for reasons similar to those described above with respect to securitization, market conditions have limited our whole loan sale activity in 2022 and 2023-to-date. A prolonged disruption of the market for whole loans may adversely affect our earnings, growth, and liquidity. Even if regular residential and business purpose whole loan purchase and sale activity continues among market participants, we do not know if such transaction activity will continue to be on terms and conditions that will permit us to participate or be favorable to us. And even if conditions are favorable to us, we may not be able to sustain the volume of whole loan sale activity we previously conducted. To the extent we pursue joint ventures or initiatives to form investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives our efforts may not be successful, including any efforts we make to engage in the investment advisory business. 
 
 Decisions we make about our business strategy and investments, as well as decisions about raising capital or returning capital to shareholders and investors (through dividends or repurchases of common stock, preferred stock, or convertible or other debt), could fail to improve our business and results of operations. 
 
 Over recent years, we have announced several new initiatives to expand our mortgage banking activities and alter our investment portfolio, including by expanding our mortgage banking activities to include, for example, acquiring and originating loans secured by non-owner occupied rental properties generally made up of one to four units and residential bridge loans (which we collectively refer to as business purpose real estate loans), and optimizing the size and target returns of our investment portfolio. As examples, since 2019, we have completed the acquisitions of three business purpose real estate loan origination platforms, CoreVest, 5 Arches, LLC 5 Arches ), and Riverbend Funding, LLC Riverbend ), which we combined into a single platform, through which we now originate, acquire, and sell or securitize business purpose loans. We have also completed strategic investments in, may make additional investments in, or raise or allocate additional capital to fund, internal or third-party residential and business purpose mortgage origination platforms, HEI origination platforms, investment advisory or asset management initiatives, and our RWT Horizons venture investing initiative, through which we invest in early-stage companies strategically aligned with our business across the lending, real estate, and financial technology sectors to drive innovations across our residential and business-purpose lending platforms. Other new investment initiatives include investing in residential securities collateralized by re-performing and non-performing mortgage loans, multifamily loans and securities, HEIs, investments in excess mortgage servicing rights MSRs and servicer advance investments related to pools of residential and small-balance multifamily mortgage loans, and a multifamily investment fund to acquire workforce housing properties. We also occasionally sell lower-yielding securities in our investment portfolio in order to redeploy capital into higher-yielding securities as part of our portfolio and capital management strategies. In addition, we may pursue initiatives to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives. 
 
 These new initiatives are intended to grow our mortgage banking businesses, expand the scope of our operations, and enhance our investment portfolio, allocate capital to profitable business and investment opportunities, and support innovation in real estate and financial technology. These initiatives are premised on our outlook for economic and market conditions, secular trends in consumer demand for housing, as well as competitive considerations. Over the long-term, the assumptions underlying these trends and changes, or assumptions regarding the risk profile of these initiatives and investments, could turn out to be incorrect, we could be unable to compete effectively with more established market participants, or economic and market conditions could develop in a manner that is not consistent with our assumptions. For example, during 2020, the composition of our investment portfolio changed significantly as a result of asset sales undertaken in response to the financing market disruptions resulting from the pandemic. As a result, the risk profile of the assets held in our investment portfolio is materially different than it was prior to onset of the pandemic. Moreover, we may determine to undertake significant additional asset sales in the future, including in response to adverse economic or financial market conditions. If we are unable to adapt our strategic and capital deployment decisions and maintain an appropriately diversified investment portfolio, our achievement of growth and revenue goals, our profitability, and competitiveness in the market may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Additionally, these initiatives may have more risks, and different risks, than our traditional mortgage banking activities and investment portfolio. For example, our portfolio and capital management strategies may include selling securities and reinvesting in securities with greater exposure to credit risk due to their structural credit enhancement of senior securities, as well as more limited payment histories. As another example, investing in HEIs, investing directly in multifamily workforce housing properties, originating and investing in business purpose mortgage loans, and incorporating blockchain technology and decentralized finance activities into securitization transactions we sponsor exposes us to new and different risks than our traditional residential mortgage banking activities, including potential uncertainty with respect to regulatory matters or litigation (with respect to HEIs, multifamily housing, and blockchain technology and decentralized finance activities), and higher rates of delinquency, default, foreclosure and litigation 
 13 

(with respect to business purpose mortgage loans). Our RWT Horizons venture investing platform also exposes us to new and different risks, including risks related to making equity investments in early-stage companies that may not have substantial operating histories and any initiative we may pursue to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives may not be successful, including any efforts we make to engage in the investment advisory business. Moreover, investing in, and expanding the scope of, our operating platforms and pursuing these types of initiatives can expose us to new and different risks, including regulatory and compliance risks, as well as operational risks. As a result, these new initiatives could fail to improve the long-term profitability of Redwood, could fail to result in capital being available for or deployed into more profitable businesses and investments, could result in dilutive issuances of equity or debt securities convertible into equity to fund our business and investment activities, or could otherwise damage our business, our reputation, our ability to access financing, and our ability to raise capital, or could have other unforeseen consequences, any or all of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in the future. Decisions we make in the future about our business strategy and investments, as well as decisions about raising capital or returning capital to shareholders or investors (through dividends or repurchases of common stock, preferred stock, or convertible or other debt), could also fail to improve our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has approved authorizations for the repurchase of Redwood common stock and convertible and exchangeable debt securities issued by Redwood. In 2020 and 2022, we repurchased approximately 22 million and 56 million, respectively, of our common stock at an average price of 7.10 and 7.91, respectively, and approximately 125 million and 32 million, respectively, of our outstanding debt securities . At December 31, 2022, we continued to have authorization to repurchase up to approximately 101 million of shares of common stock and continued to be separately authorized to repurchase our outstanding debt securities. If we repurchase shares of Redwood common stock or other securities issued by Redwood, it is because at the time we believe the shares or securities are trading at attractive levels relative to other uses of capital or investment opportunities then available to us; however, it is possible that other uses of this capital could have been more accretive to our earnings or book value or that subsequent capital needs arise that were not contemplated at the time we made these decisions. Our past and future decisions relating to the repurchases of Redwood common stock or other securities issued by Redwood could fail to improve our results of operations or could negatively impact our ability to execute our business plans, meet financial obligations, access financing, or raise additional capital, any or all of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we periodically raise capital by issuing common stock, preferred stock, or debt securities convertible into common stock, through underwritten public offerings, in at-the-market ATM offerings, under our direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan, or in private placement transactions. We may issue additional shares of common stock upon conversion of our convertible debt or upon exchange of our exchangeable debt, to our directors, officers and employees under our employee stock purchase plan and our incentive plan, including upon the exercise of, or in respect of, distributions on equity awards previously granted thereunder, and to fund merger and acquisition activity. It may not be possible for existing stockholders to participate in future share issuances, which may dilute existing stockholders interests in us. To the extent we raise capital to fund our operations and investment activities, our approach to raising capital is based on what we believe to be in the best interests of the company and, therefore, our stockholders. However, it is possible that our use of the proceeds of such capital raising transactions may not yield a significant return or any return at all for our stockholders. If we are not able to make prudent decisions about raising, managing, and distributing our capital, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our use of financial leverage exposes us to increased risks, including liquidity risks from margin calls and potential breaches of the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities, which could result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other debt agreements. 
 
 We use a variety of borrowing facilities and derivatives agreements to fund or hedge assets in our investment portfolio that present us with liquidity risks. Under our borrowing facilities, interest rate swaps and other derivatives agreements, we pledge assets as security for our payment obligations and make various representations and warranties and agree to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms. In addition, many of our borrowing facilities are uncommitted, meaning that each time we request a new borrowing under such a facility, the lender has the option to decline to extend credit to us. The terms of these facilities and agreements typically include financial covenants (such as covenants to maintain a minimum amount of tangible net worth or stockholders equity and/or a minimum amount of liquid assets and/or a maximum ratio of recourse debt to tangible net worth or stockholders equity), margin requirements (which typically require us to pledge additional collateral if and when the value of previously pledged collateral declines), operating covenants (such as covenants to conduct our business in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and covenants to provide notice of certain events to creditors), representations and warranties (such as representations and warranties relating to characteristics of pledged collateral, our exposure to litigation and/or regulatory enforcement actions and the absence of material adverse changes to our financial condition, our operations, or our business prospects), and events of default (such as a breach of covenant or representation/warranty and cross-defaults, under which an event of default is triggered under a borrowing facility if an event of default or similar event occurs under another borrowing facility). 
 14 

For example, due to volatility in financial markets resulting from the pandemic, the market value of loans and securities financed under our borrowing facilities declined significantly in the first half of 2020; in particular, over a compressed time frame near end of the first quarter of 2020. As a result, we received a material increase in margin calls from counterparties under our marginable borrowing facilities i.e. , borrowing facilities subject to margin calls based solely on the lender's determination, in its discretion, of the market value of the underlying collateral that is non-delinquent). We satisfied these margins calls by pledging additional collateral, such as cash or additional loans or securities, with a value equal to the decline in value of the collateral, adjusted for the percentage of the asset value financed (our haircut percentage). In some cases, we sold assets under adverse market conditions to generate liquidity in response to such margin calls. 
 
 We also maintain borrowing facilities that we describe as non-marginable, because they are not subject to market-value based margin calls subject to the lender s determination, in its sole discretion, of the market value of the underlying collateral. Non-marginable debt may be subject to a margin call due to delinquency or another credit event related to the mortgage or security being financed, a decline in the value of the underlying asset securing the collateral, an extended dwell time (i.e., period of time financed using a particular financing facility) for certain types of loans, or a change in the interest rate of a specified reference security relative to a base interest rate amount. For example, we could be subject to a margin call on non-marginable debt if an appraisal or broker price opinion indicates a decline in the estimated value of the property securing the asset that is financed, or based on the occurrence of a triggering credit event impacting the financed collateral which is followed by a decline in the market value of the financed collateral (as determined by the lender). If U.S. home prices experience widespread declines, as a result of increased benchmark interest rates, declining economic conditions, or for other reasons, our non-marginable borrowing facilities, and assets financed thereunder during recent periods of elevated home prices, could be particularly exposed to lender margin calls. 
 
 Margin calls expose us to a number of significant risks, including that we may be unable to meet these margin calls, we may again sell assets under adverse market conditions in response to such margin calls, or we may breach financial covenants under our borrowing facilities requiring maintenance of a minimum amount of liquid assets, as a result of a decrease in the values of the assets pledged as collateral. 
 
 Additionally, significant and widespread decreases in the values of our assets could cause us to breach the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities related to net worth and leverage. Such covenants, if breached, can result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other borrowing agreements. During 2020, we amended financial covenants in several borrowing agreements and remained in compliance; however, we cannot be certain whether we will continue to be able to remain in compliance with these financial covenants, or whether our financing counterparties will negotiate terms or agreements in respect of these financial covenants in the future. 
 
 Our borrowing facilities also contain representations, warranties, and/or covenants related to litigation that could be breached if we are subject to litigation proceedings and claims in excess of specified dollar thresholds or that could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in connection with the impact of the pandemic on the non-Agency mortgage finance market and on our business and operations, a number of the counterparties that have regularly sold residential mortgage loans to us believed that we breached perceived obligations to them, and requested or demanded that we purchase loans from them and/or compensate them for perceived damages resulting from our decisions in the first half of 2020 not to purchase certain loans from them. One of these counterparties subjected us to litigation and others made demands regarding perceived obligations to them. If the individual or aggregate amount of such litigation or any threatened litigation exceeded specified dollar thresholds or could have had a material adverse effect on our business, we could have breached representations, warranties, or covenants under our borrowing agreements, which breach could result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other borrowing agreements. 
 
 Volatility in the mortgage credit markets, including continued volatility due to macroeconomic, geopolitical, or other events, may cause the market value of loans and securities we own subject to financing to decline again as they did in 2020, and our financing counterparties may make additional margin calls. Furthermore, if other market participants fail to meet margin calls associated with mortgage loans or securities they finance, their financing counterparties could terminate their financing and seek to sell significant amounts of loans and securities, which could again depress the market value of these types of assets and result in additional margin calls on us and other borrowers. Additionally, securities financed under our short-term securities repurchase facilities, and loans financed under certain whole-loan warehouse/secured revolving borrowing facilities, are subject to mark-to-market treatment and may incur margin calls or may require us to repurchase such loans in the event the loans become delinquent. We may receive additional margin calls in the future and there is no assurance that we will be able to meet such margin calls. We may experience an event of default under some or all of our short- and long-term debt and financing facilities if we do not meet future margin calls or maintain compliance with financial covenants and other terms of these debt obligations, which would permit the holders of the affected 
 15 

indebtedness to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness and could cause defaults under our other indebtedness, which could lead to an event of bankruptcy or insolvency, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, at the end of the fixed period applicable to the financing of a security under a securities repurchase facility (which generally does not exceed 90 days), we may request the same counterparty to renew the financing for an additional fixed period. If the same counterparty renews the financing, it may not be on terms that are as favorable to us as the expiring financing and the counterparty may require us to post additional collateral to renew the financing (which requirement would impact our liquidity in the same manner as a margin call). If the same counterparty does not renew the financing, it may be difficult for us to obtain financing for that security under one of our other securities repurchase facilities, due to the fact that the financial institution counterparties to our securities repurchase facilities generally only provide financing for securities that we purchased from them or one of their affiliates. If we are not able to obtain additional financing when we need it, we could be exposed to liquidity risks of the types described above. 
 
 Our use of leverage increases our exposure to liquidity risks, including liquidity risks related to unforeseen economic developments such as the pandemic, and may adversely impact our liquidity, cash balances, and financial results. For additional information regarding our exposure to liquidity risks and other risks related to our use of leverage, refer to Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities and Margin Call Provisions Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 
 Maintaining cybersecurity and complying with data privacy laws and regulations are important to our business and a breach of our cybersecurity or a violation of data privacy laws could result in serious harm to our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 When we acquire or originate real estate mortgage loans, or the rights to service mortgage loans, we come into possession of non-public borrower or borrower-principal personal information that an identity thief could utilize in engaging in fraudulent activity or theft. We may share this information with third parties, such as loan sub-servicers, outside vendors, third parties interested in acquiring such loans from us, or lenders extending credit to us collateralized by such loans. We have acquired more than 100,000 residential mortgage loans and rights to service residential mortgage loans since 2010 and have also acquired or originated thousands of these or other types of mortgage loans (including business purpose loans) prior to and following 2010. 
 
 While we have information security measures in place to protect this information and detect and prevent security breaches, such measures may be inadequate in protecting against threats, or these security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, cyber-attacks, "phishing", social engineering, or ransomware attacks, service provider or vendor error, or malfeasance or other intentional or unintentional acts by third parties and bad actors, including third-party service providers. Borrower or consumer data, including personally identifiable information, may be lost, exposed, or subject to unauthorized access or use as a result of accidents, errors, or malfeasance by our employees, independent contractors, or others working with us or on our behalf. Even highly sophisticated protective measures may fail as a result of human error; for instance, an employee of ours or a third party s may succumb to a phishing or social engineering attack resulting in unauthorized access to our or their information technology systems. Additionally, our servers and systems, and those of our service providers, may be vulnerable to computer malware, break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to borrowers data, other personal information, or other company data, including confidential or proprietary business information. In the past, we have experienced unauthorized access to certain data and information. We have also experienced fraudulent activity initiated through social engineering attacks by malicious third-party actors. As an example, wire transfers are an attractive target of fraudulent activity due to the speed and finality of payment, and the nature of our mortgage banking activities requires us frequently to transfer funds to various counterparties in connection with the origination or acquisition of mortgage loans. Although we have policies and procedures in place to mitigate risks related to wire transfers, we have experienced fraudulent and erroneous activity in our business operations and have incurred immaterial financial losses related to such activity. Our response to these incidents has been to take immediate steps to investigate and address the unauthorized access or fraudulent activity, and past unauthorized access and fraudulent activity related to phishing or social engineering has not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Although we have designed and implemented cybersecurity systems and processes to protect this type of information from bad actors, such systems or processes may not be effective in preventing unauthorized access or activity in the future. While past unauthorized access and activity has been immaterial to our business and financial results, there can be no assurance that future incidents would also be immaterial. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems or data, or to deceive our or our service providers employees to allow fraudulent access or activity, change frequently and could be undetected or undetectable until launched against us, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. 
 
 16 

In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to certain federal and state laws and regulations (collectively, Data Privacy Laws relating to the collection, retention, use, transfer, and/or protection of various types of personal information or personal data (or similar term(s), each as defined under applicable law). In some cases, Data Privacy Laws apply not only to our interactions with and data transfers to third parties, but may also restrict transfers of personal information between Redwood and its subsidiaries. Legislators in a variety of jurisdictions have passed laws and corresponding regulators have promulgated rules and regulations in this area; some of these jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions, and they and others have laws that are being developed or are pending review and/or decision (including the federal government, which continues to consider enacting additional comprehensive federal privacy laws). These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or from sector to sector, expensive or difficult to comply with, or unclear due to a lack of regulatory guidance. Complying with emerging and changing requirements of Data Privacy Laws may cause us to incur substantial costs, and has required and may again in the future require us to change our business practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties, fines, or legal liability. Furthermore, we make statements in the form of privacy notices about our collection, use and disclosure of personal information, including statements provided on our website and other privacy notices provided to consumers, borrowers, customers, employees or job applicants. Any failure by us to comply with these statements or with other federal, state, local or international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in inquiries or proceedings against us by governmental entities, regulators, consumer organizations, and private litigants, as well as potential fines, penalties, and monetary or other liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Under Data Privacy Laws, we may be liable for statutory, actual, or other damages suffered by individuals whose personal information is compromised or stolen as a result of a breach of the security of the systems upon which we or third parties and service providers of ours store this information, and any such liability could be material. Even if we are not liable for such losses, any breach of these systems could expose us to material costs in investigating and notifying affected individuals and providing credit monitoring services to them, as well as regulatory fines or penalties. In addition, any breach of these systems could disrupt our normal business operations and expose us to reputational damage and lost business, revenues, and profits. 
 
 Security breaches could also significantly damage our reputation with existing and prospective loan sellers, loan buyers, borrowers, investors, and third parties with whom we do business. Any publicized security problems affecting our businesses, or those of third parties with whom we do business, may negatively impact the market perception of our products and discourage market participants from doing business with us. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our reliance on web-based product offerings, cloud service providers, and on the use of cybersecurity tools and vendors. 
 
 Furthermore, our business is highly dependent on communications and information systems and many of our internal controls rely on our financial, accounting and other data processing systems to be effective. Any failure or interruption of either our own systems or critical third-party systems could negatively impact our ability to transact business and, if prolonged, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further information is contained in the risk factor titled, Our technology infrastructure and systems are important and any significant disruption or breach of the security of this infrastructure or these systems could have an adverse effect on our business. We also rely on technology infrastructure and systems of third parties who provide services to us and with whom we transact business. 
 
 17 

Risks Related to our Investments and Investing Activity 
 The nature of the assets we hold and the investments we make expose us to credit risk that could negatively impact the value of those assets and investments, our earnings, dividends, cash flows, and access to liquidity, or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 
 Overview of credit risk 
 
 We assume credit risk primarily through the ownership of securities backed by residential, business purpose, and multifamily real estate loans and through direct investments in residential, business purpose, and multifamily real estate loans. We may also assume similar credit risks through other types of transactions with counterparties who are seeking to reduce their exposure to credit risk or who are seeking financing for their own holdings of residential, business purpose, and multifamily real estate loans or servicing rights relating to residential, business purpose, and multifamily real estate loans. Credit losses on these types of real estate loans can occur for many reasons, including: fraud; poor underwriting; poor servicing practices; weak economic conditions; increases in payments required to be made by borrowers; declines in the value of real estate; declining rents and/or elevated delinquencies associated with single- and multifamily rental housing; the outbreak of highly infectious or contagious diseases; natural disasters, the effects of climate change (including flooding, drought, wildfires, and severe weather) and other natural events; uninsured property loss; over-leveraging of the borrower; costs of remediation of environmental conditions, such as indoor mold; changes in zoning or building codes and the related costs of compliance; acts of war or terrorism; changes in legal protections for lenders and other changes in law or regulation; and personal events affecting borrowers, such as reduction in income, job loss, divorce, or health problems. In addition, the amount and timing of credit losses could be affected by loan modifications, delays in the liquidation process, documentation errors, and other action by servicers. Weakness in the U.S. economy or the housing market could cause our credit losses to increase beyond levels that we currently anticipate. 
 
 In addition, rising interest rates may increase the credit risks associated with certain residential real estate loans. For example, the interest rate is adjustable for some of the loans held at securitization entities we have sponsored and for a portion of the loans underlying residential securities we have acquired from securitizations sponsored by others. In addition, a portion of the loans we have pledged to secure short-term warehouse borrowings and a portion of the business purpose and multifamily real estate loans and loans underlying multifamily securities we have acquired may have adjustable interest rates. Accordingly, as short-term interest rates rise, required monthly payments from borrowers will rise under the terms of these adjustable-rate mortgages, and this may increase borrowers delinquencies and defaults. 
 
 Credit losses on business purpose and multifamily real estate loans and real estate loans collateralizing business purpose and multifamily securities can occur for many of the reasons noted above for residential real estate loans. Moreover, these types of real estate loans may not be fully amortizing e.g. , interest-only) and, therefore, the borrower s ability to repay the principal when due may depend upon the ability of the borrower to refinance the loan or sell the property at maturity. Business purpose and multifamily real estate loans and real estate loans collateralizing business purpose and multifamily securities are particularly sensitive to conditions in the rental housing market and to demand for residential rental properties. 
 
 We may have heightened credit losses associated with certain securities and investments we own. 
 
 Within a securitization of residential, multifamily, or business purpose real estate loans, various securities are created, each of which has varying degrees of credit risk. We may own the securities in which there is more (or the most) concentrated credit risk associated with the underlying real estate loans. 
 
 In general, losses on an asset securing a residential, multifamily, or business purpose real estate loan included in a securitization will be borne first by the owner of the property (i.e., the owner will first lose any equity invested in the property) and, thereafter, by the first-loss security holder, and then by holders of more senior securities. In the event the losses incurred upon default on the loan exceed any classes of securities junior to those in which we invest (if any), we may not be able to recover all of our investment in the securities we hold. In addition, if the underlying properties have been overvalued by the originating appraiser or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral is available to satisfy interest and principal payments due on the related security, then the first-loss securities may suffer a total loss of principal, followed by losses on the second-loss and then third-loss securities (or other residential, business purpose, and multifamily securities that we own). In addition, with respect to residential securities we own, we may be subject to risks associated with the determination by a loan servicer to discontinue servicing advances (advances of mortgage interest payments not made by a delinquent borrower) if they deem continued advances to be unrecoverable, which could reduce the value of these securities or impair our ability to project and realize future cash flows from these securities. 
 
 For loans or other investments we own directly (not through a securitization structure), we will most likely be in a position to incur credit losses, should they occur, only after losses are borne by the owner of the property e.g. , by a reduction in the owner s equity 
 18 

stake in the property). Similar to our exposure to credit losses on loans we own directly, we have committed to assume credit losses but only up to a specified amount on certain conforming residential mortgage loans that we acquired and then sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pursuant to risk-sharing arrangements we entered into with those entities, to the extent any such losses exceed the owner s equity investment in the property. We may take actions available to us in an attempt to protect our position and mitigate the amount of credit losses, but these actions may not prove to be successful and could result in our increasing the amount of credit losses we ultimately incur on a loan. 
 
 Additionally, loans to small, privately owned businesses such as borrowers from our business purpose loan origination platforms involve a high degree of business and financial risk. Often, there is little or no publicly available information about these businesses. Accordingly, we must rely on our own due diligence to obtain information in connection with our investment decisions. A borrower s ability to repay its loan may be adversely impacted by numerous factors, including a downturn in its industry or other negative local or more general economic conditions. Deterioration in a borrower s financial condition and prospects may be accompanied by deterioration in the collateral for the loan. These factors may have an impact on loans involving such businesses, and can result in substantial losses, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The nature of the assets underlying some of the securities and investments we own or acquire could increase the credit risk of those securities. 
 
 For certain types of loans underlying securities we may own or acquire, the loan interest rate or borrower payment rate may increase over time, increasing the potential for default. For example, securities may be backed by residential real estate loans that have negative amortization features. The rate at which interest accrues on these loans may change more frequently or to a greater extent than payment adjustments on an adjustable-rate loan, and adjustments of monthly payments may be subject to limitations or may be limited by the borrower s option to pay less than the full accrual rate. As a result, the amount of interest accruing on the remaining principal balance of the loans at the applicable adjustable mortgage loan rate may exceed the amount of the monthly payment. To the extent we are exposed to it, this is particularly a risk in a rising interest rate environment. Negative amortization occurs when the resulting excess (of interest owed over interest paid) is added to the unpaid principal balance of the related adjustable mortgage loan. For certain loans that have a negative amortization feature, the required monthly payment is increased after a specified number of months or after a maximum amount of negative amortization has occurred in order to amortize fully the loan by the end of its original term. Other negative amortizing loans limit the amount by which the monthly payment can be increased, which results in a larger final payment at maturity. As a result, negatively amortizing loans have performance characteristics similar to those of balloon loans. Negative amortization may result in increases in delinquencies, loan loss severity, and loan defaults, which may, in turn, result in payment delays and credit losses on our investments. Other types of loans and investments to which we are exposed, such as hybrid loans and adjustable-rate loans, may also have greater credit risk than more traditional amortizing fixed-rate mortgage loans. 
 
 Many of the real estate loans collateralizing business purpose and multifamily securities and business purpose and multifamily real estate loans we own or may acquire are only partially amortizing or do not provide for any principal amortization prior to a balloon principal payment at maturity. Real estate loans that only partially amortize or that have a balloon principal payment at maturity may have a higher risk of default at maturity than fully amortizing loans. In addition, since most of the principal of these loans is repaid at maturity, the amount of loss upon default is generally greater than on other loans that provide for more principal amortization. 
 
 We have concentrated credit risk in certain geographical regions and may be disproportionately affected by an economic or housing downturn, natural disaster, terrorist event, climate change, or any other adverse event specific to those regions. 
 
 A decline in the economy or difficulties localized within certain regional real estate markets, such as a high level of foreclosures in a particular area, are likely to cause a decline in the value of residential and multifamily properties in that market. This, in turn, will increase the risk of delinquency, default, and foreclosure on real estate underlying securities and loans we hold with properties in those regions, and it will increase the risk of loss on other investments we own. This may then adversely affect our credit loss experience and other aspects of our business, including our ability to securitize (or otherwise sell) real estate loans and securities. 
 
 The occurrence of a natural disaster (such as an earthquake, tornado, hurricane, flood, landslide, or wildfire), or the effects of climate change (including flooding, drought, and severe weather), may cause decreases in the value of real estate (including sudden or abrupt changes) and would likely reduce the value of the properties collateralizing real estate loans we own or those underlying the securities or other investments we own. For example, in recent years, hurricanes have caused widespread flooding in Florida and Texas and wildfires and mudslides in California have destroyed or damaged thousands of homes. Since certain natural disasters may not typically be covered by the standard hazard insurance policies maintained by borrowers, the borrowers themselves may have to pay for repairs due to the disasters. Borrowers may not repair their property or may stop paying their mortgage loans under those circumstances, especially if the property is damaged. This would likely cause foreclosures to increase and lead to higher credit losses on our loans or investments or on the pool of mortgage loans underlying securities we own. 
 
 19 

A significant number of residential real estate loans that we own, or that underlie the securities we own, are secured by properties in California and, thus, we have a higher concentration of credit risk within California than in other states. Additional states where we have concentrations of residential loan credit risk are set forth in Note 6 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business purpose loans we own, originate, or acquire, or that underlie the securities we own, as well as real estate loans collateralizing multifamily securities we own, generally have larger balances than residential loans and in the past we have had, and may have in the future, a geographically concentrated portfolio of such loans and securities. Real estate loans collateralizing consolidated multifamily securities and business purpose real estate loans we currently own, or that underlie the securities we currently own, are generally concentrated in Texas, Georgia, New Jersey, Florida, Illinois and Ohio. Additional states where we have concentrations of business purpose loan and multifamily credit risk are set forth in Notes 7 and 8, respectively, to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The timing of credit losses can harm our economic returns. 
 
 The timing of credit losses can be a material factor in our economic returns from real estate loans, investments, and securities. If unanticipated losses occur within the first few years after a loan is originated, an investment is made, or a securitization is completed, those losses could have a greater negative impact on our investment returns than unanticipated losses on more seasoned loans, investments, or securities. In addition, higher levels of delinquencies and cumulative credit losses within a securitized loan pool can delay our receipt of principal and interest that is due to us under the terms of the securities backed by that pool. This would also lower our economic returns. The timing of credit losses could be affected by the creditworthiness of the borrower, the borrower s willingness and ability to continue to make payments, and new legislation, legal actions, or programs that allow for the modification of loans or rental obligations, or ability for borrowers or tenants to get relief through forbearance, bankruptcy or other avenues. 
 
 Our efforts to manage credit risks may fail. 
 
 We attempt to manage risks of credit losses by continually evaluating our investments for impairment indicators and establishing reserves under GAAP for credit and other risks based upon our assessment of these risks. We cannot establish credit reserves for tax accounting purposes. The amount of reserves that we establish may prove to be insufficient, which would negatively impact our financial results and would result in decreased earnings. In addition, cash and other capital we hold to help us manage credit and other risks and liquidity issues may prove to be insufficient. If these increased credit losses are greater than we anticipated and we need to increase our credit reserves, our GAAP earnings might be reduced. Increased credit losses may also adversely affect our cash flows, ability to invest, dividend distribution requirements and payments, asset fair values, access to short-term borrowings, and ability to securitize or finance assets. 
 
 Despite our efforts to manage credit risk, there are many aspects of credit risk that we cannot control. Our quality control and loss mitigation policies and procedures may not be successful in limiting future delinquencies, defaults, and losses, or they may not be cost effective. Our underwriting reviews may not be effective. The securitizations in which we have invested may not receive funds that we believe are due from mortgage insurance companies and other counterparties. Loan servicing companies may not cooperate with our loss mitigation efforts, or those efforts may be ineffective. Service providers to securitizations, such as trustees, loan servicers, bond insurance providers, and custodians, may not perform in a manner that promotes our interests. Delay of foreclosures could delay resolution and increase ultimate loss severities, as a result. 
 
 The value of the homes or properties collateralizing or underlying real estate loans or investments may decline, and rents on single-family and multifamily rental properties may decline. The frequency of default and the loss severity on loans upon default may be greater than we anticipate. Interest-only loans, negative amortization loans, adjustable-rate loans, larger balance loans, reduced documentation loans, subprime loans, Alt-A quality loans, second lien loans, loans in certain locations, residential mortgage loans that are not qualified mortgages under regulations promulgated by the CFPB, re-performing and non-performing loans, and loans or investments that are partially collateralized by non-real estate assets may have increased risks and severity of losses. If property securing or underlying loans becomes real estate owned as a result of foreclosure, we bear the risk of not being able to sell the property and recover our investment and of being exposed to the risks attendant to the ownership of real property. 
 
 Changes in consumer behavior, bankruptcy laws, tax laws, regulation of the mortgage industry, foreclosure and other laws may exacerbate loan or investment losses. Changes in rules that would cause loans owned by a securitization entity to be modified may not be beneficial to our interests if the modifications reduce the interest we earn and increase the eventual severity of a loss. In some states and circumstances, the securitizations in which we invest have recourse as owner of the loan against the borrower s other assets and income in the event of loan default. However, in most cases, the value of the underlying property will be the sole effective source of funds for any recoveries. Other changes or actions by judges or legislators regarding mortgage loans and contracts, including the voiding of certain portions of these agreements or the promulgation of additional restrictions on loan foreclosures, may reduce our earnings, impair our ability to mitigate losses, or increase the probability and severity of losses. Any expansion of our loss mitigation efforts could increase our operating costs and the expanded loss mitigation efforts may not reduce our future credit losses. 
 20 

Credit ratings assigned to debt securities by the credit rating agencies may not accurately reflect the risks associated with those securities. Furthermore, downgrades in credit ratings could increase our credit risk, reduce our cash flows, or otherwise adversely affect our business and operations. 
 
 We generally do not consider credit ratings in assessing our estimates of future cash flows and desirability of our investments (although our assessment of the quality of an investment may prove to be inaccurate and we may incur credit losses in excess of our initial expectations). The assignment of an investment grade rating to a security by a rating agency does not mean that there is not credit risk associated with the security or that the risk of a credit loss with respect to such security is necessarily remote. Many of the securities we own do have credit ratings and, to the extent we securitize loans and securities, we expect to retain credit rating agencies to provide ratings on the securities created by these securitization entities (as we have in the past). 
 
 Rating agencies rate debt securities based upon their assessment of the safety of the receipt of principal and interest payments. Rating agencies do not consider the risks of fluctuations in fair value or other factors that may influence the value of debt securities and, therefore, any assigned credit rating may not fully reflect the true risks of an investment in securities. Also, rating agencies may fail to make timely adjustments to credit ratings based on available data or changes in economic outlook or may otherwise fail to make changes in credit ratings in response to subsequent events, so that our investments may be better or worse than the ratings indicate. Credit rating agencies may change their methods of evaluating credit risk and determining ratings on securities backed by real estate loans and securities. These changes may occur suddenly and often. The market s ability to understand and absorb these changes and the impact to the securitization market in general are difficult to predict. Such changes may have an impact on the amount of investment-grade and non-investment-grade securities that are created or placed on the market in the future. Downgrades to the ratings of securities could have an adverse effect on the value of some of our investments and our cash flows from those investments. 
 
 Residential mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic or other adverse economic conditions may not make payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Residential mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic or other adverse economic conditions may not remit payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all. This could be due to an inability to make such payments, an unwillingness to make such payments, or a temporary or permanent waiver of the requirement to make such payments, including under the terms of any applicable forbearance, modification, or maturity extension agreement or program. Such forbearance, waiver, or maturity extension may be available as a result of a government-sponsored or imposed program or under any such agreement or program we or our sub-servicers may otherwise offer to mortgage borrowers. To the extent mortgage loan borrowers do not make payments on their loans, the value of residential mortgage loans and residential mortgage-backed securities we own will likely be impaired, potentially materially. Additionally, to the extent local, regional or national economic conditions decline, due to the pandemic or for other reasons, the value of residential real estate may decline, which would also likely negatively impact the value of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities we own, potentially materially. 
 
 We are exposed to the negative financial impact of payment forbearances with respect to loans securitized in Sequoia transactions, loans held for investment or sale, and a variety of other investments, including third-party issued mortgage-backed securities, mortgage servicing rights and related cash flows, re-performing residential mortgage loans, and business purpose loans. In addition, transactions we have entered into, including to finance loans with warehouse financing providers and to sell whole loans to third parties, may be negatively impacted by payment forbearances, including by reducing our proceeds from these transactions or if we are required to repurchase impacted loans. 
 
 With respect to MSRs we own that are associated with mortgage loans that become delinquent (including MSRs retained for jumbo mortgage loans that we securitize through our SEMT (Sequoia) securitization platform and investments we have made in excess MSRs and servicing advances), cash flows we would otherwise expect to receive from our retained investments in Sequoia securitization transactions or other investments may be redirected to other investors in mortgage backed securities issued in those securitization transactions (or may be otherwise not remitted to us) or we may be obligated to fund loan servicers' principal and interest advances, as well as advances of property taxes, insurance and other amounts. Additionally, through our investment in servicer advances and associated excess MSRs, we may fund an increased amount of servicer advances on loans underlying the associated transactions. Further, any federal assistance programs available to mortgage loan servicers may not be available to us because our business and investments are not focused on mortgage loans that are eligible to be purchased or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or governmental agencies such as the Federal Housing Administration or Department of Veteran Affairs. To the extent our otherwise expected cash flows are so impaired or to the extent we are required to fund loan servicers advances, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 21 

Multifamily and business purpose mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic may not make payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Multifamily and business purpose loans and securities backed by multifamily and business purpose mortgage loans we own are subject to similar risks as those described above with respect to residential mortgage loans, and will likely be impaired, potentially materially to the extent multifamily and business purpose loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic do not timely remit payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans. In addition, if tenants who rent their residence from a multifamily or business purpose loan borrower are unable to make rental payments, are unwilling to make rental payments, or a waiver of the requirement to make rental payments on a timely basis, or at all, is available under the terms of any applicable forbearance or waiver agreement or program (which rental payment forbearance or waiver program may be available as a result of a government-sponsored or -imposed program or under any such agreement or program a landlord may otherwise offer to tenants), then the value of multifamily and business purpose loans and multifamily and business purpose mortgage backed securities we own will likely be impaired, potentially materially. Moreover, to the extent local, regional or national economic conditions decline, due to the pandemic or for other reasons, the value of multifamily and residential real estate that secures multifamily and business purpose loans is likely to decline, which would also likely negatively impact the value of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities we own, potentially materially. 
 
 Additionally, a significant amount of the business purpose loans that we own are short-term BPL bridge loans that are secured by residential properties that are undergoing rehabilitation or construction and not occupied by tenants. Because these properties are generally not income-producing e.g. , from rental revenue), in order to fund principal and interest payments, these borrowers may seek to renegotiate the terms of their mortgage loan, including by seeking payment forbearances, waivers, or maturity extensions as a result of being negatively impacted by the pandemic or other adverse economic conditions. Moreover, planned construction or rehabilitation of these properties may not be able to proceed on a timely basis or at all due to operating disruptions or government mandated moratoriums on construction, development or redevelopment. All of the foregoing factors would also likely negatively impact the value of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities we own, potentially materially. 
 
 Changes in prepayment rates of mortgage loans could reduce our earnings, dividends, cash flows, and access to liquidity. 
 
 The economic returns we earn from most of the real estate securities and loans we own (directly or indirectly) are affected by the rate of prepayment of the underlying mortgage loans. In general, in a rising interest-rate environment, the rate of prepayments is expected to be slower than in a stable or declining interest-rate environment. However, prepayments are difficult to accurately predict and adverse changes in the rate of prepayment could reduce our cash flows, earnings, and dividends. Adverse changes in cash flows would likely reduce the fair values of many of our assets, which could reduce our ability to borrow against our assets and may cause market valuation adjustments for GAAP purposes, which could reduce our reported earnings. While we estimate prepayment rates to determine the effective yield of our assets and valuations, these estimates are not precise and prepayment rates do not necessarily change in a predictable manner as a function of interest rate changes. Prepayment rates can change rapidly. As a result, changes can cause volatility in our financial results, affect our ability to securitize assets, affect our ability to fund acquisitions, and have other negative impacts on our ability to generate earnings. 
 
 We may own securities backed by residential loans that are particularly sensitive to changes in prepayments rates. These securities include interest-only securities (IOs) that we acquire from third parties and from our Sequoia entities. Faster prepayments than we anticipated on the underlying loans backing these IOs will have an adverse effect on our returns on these investments and may result in losses. Similarly, we own mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs, associated with residential mortgage loans, and excess MSR investments associated with residential and multifamily mortgage loans, all of which are particularly sensitive to changes in prepayments rates. As the owner of an MSR (or excess MSR investment), we are entitled to a portion of the interest payments made by the borrower in respect of the associated loan and, in the case of MSRs, we are responsible for hiring and compensating a sub-servicer to directly service the associated loan. Faster prepayments than we anticipate on loans associated with MSRs and excess MSR investments we own will have an adverse effect on our returns from these MSRs and may result in losses. 
 
 Some of the business purpose loans we originate or hold may allow the borrower to make prepayments without incurring a prepayment penalty and some may include provisions allowing the borrower to extend the term of the loan beyond the originally scheduled maturity. Because the decision to prepay or extend a business purpose loan is controlled by the borrower under these circumstances, we may not accurately anticipate the timing of these events, which could affect the earnings and cash flows we anticipate and could impact our ability to finance these assets. 
 
 22 

Interest rate fluctuations have had, and may continue to have, various negative effects on us by leading to, among other things, reduced earnings or increased volatility in our earnings. 
 
 Changes in interest rates, the interrelationships between various interest rates, and interest rate volatility have had, and could continue to have, negative effects on our earnings, and the fair value of our assets and liabilities. Further changes in these rates, relationships, or increased volatility may have negative effects on loan prepayment rates and our access to liquidity. Changes in interest rates can also harm the credit performance of our assets. We generally seek to hedge some but not all interest rate risks. Our hedging may not work effectively and we may change our hedging strategies or the degree or type of interest rate risk we assume. 
 
 Some of the loans and securities we own or may acquire have adjustable-rate coupons i.e. , they may earn interest at a rate that adjusts periodically based on an interest rate index). The cash flows we receive from these assets may vary as a function of interest rates, as may the reported earnings generated by these assets. We also acquire loans and securities for future sale, as assets we are accumulating for securitization, or as a longer-term investment. We expect to fund assets with a combination of equity, fixed-rate debt and adjustable-rate debt. To the extent we use adjustable-rate debt to fund assets that have a fixed interest rate (or use fixed-rate debt to fund assets that have an adjustable interest rate), an interest rate mismatch could exist and we could, for example, earn less (and fair values could decline) if interest rates change, at least for a time. We may or may not seek to mitigate interest rate mismatches for these assets with hedges such as interest rate agreements and other derivatives and, to the extent we do use hedging techniques, they may not be successful. 
 
 Higher interest rates generally reduce the fair value of many of our assets, with the exception of our IOs, MSRs, excess MSR investments, and adjustable-rate assets. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, decreased earnings results, reductions in our ability to securitize, re-securitize, or sell our assets, or reductions in our liquidity. Higher interest rates could reduce the ability or desire of borrowers to make interest payments or to refinance their loans. Higher interest rates have reduced, and could continue to reduce, property values and increased credit losses could result. Higher interest rates have reduced, and could continue to reduce, mortgage originations, effectively reducing our opportunities to acquire new assets. Higher interest rates also generally increase our financing costs as we renew or replace borrowing facilities or maturing debt. 
 
 When short-term interest rates are high relative to long-term interest rates, an increase in adjustable-rate residential loan prepayments may occur, which would likely reduce our returns from owning interest-only securities backed by adjustable-rate residential loans. 
 
 It can be difficult to predict the impact on interest rates of unexpected and uncertain global political and economic events, such as the outbreak of pandemic or epidemic disease, warfare (including the recent outbreak of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine), economic and international trade conflicts or sanctions, economic indicators such as the rate of inflation or employment statistics, the change in the U.S. presidential administration and political makeup of the Congress, or changes in the credit rating of the U.S. government, the United Kingdom, or one or more Eurozone nations; however, increased uncertainty or changes in the economic outlook for, or rating of, the creditworthiness of the U.S. government, the United Kingdom, Eurozone nations, or China may have adverse impacts on, among other things, the U.S. economy, financial markets, the cost of borrowing, the financial strength of counterparties we transact business with, and the value of assets we hold. Any such adverse impacts could negatively impact the availability to us of short-term debt financing, our cost of short-term debt financing, our business, and our financial results. 
 
 We have significant investment and reinvestment risks. 
 
 New assets we acquire or originate may not generate yields as attractive as yields on our current assets, which could result in a decline in our earnings per share over time. 
 
 Assets we acquire, originate, or invest in may not generate the economic returns and GAAP yields we expect. Realized cash flows could be significantly lower than expected and returns from new investments, originations, and acquisitions could be negative. In order to maintain our portfolio size and our earnings, we must reinvest into new assets a portion of the cash flows we receive from principal, interest, and sales. We receive monthly payments from many of our assets, consisting of principal and interest. In addition, occasionally some of our mortgage-backed securities are called (effectively sold). We may also sell assets from time to time as part of our portfolio and capital management strategies. For example, during 2020, the composition of our investment portfolio changed significantly as a result of asset sales undertaken in response to the financing market disruptions during the early portions of the pandemic. Principal payments, calls, and sales generate cash for us and reduce the size of our current portfolio. 
 
 23 

If the assets we invest in or acquire in the future earn lower GAAP yields than do the assets we currently own, our reported earnings per share could decline over time as the older assets are paid down, are called, or are sold, assuming comparable expenses, credit costs, and market valuation adjustments. Under the effective yield method of accounting that we use for GAAP purposes for some of our assets, we recognize yields on assets based on our assumptions regarding future cash flows. A portion of the cash flows we receive may be used to reduce our basis in these assets. As a result of these various factors, our basis for GAAP amortization purposes may be lower than the current fair values of these assets. Assets with a lower GAAP basis than current fair values generate higher GAAP yields, and such yields are not necessarily available on newly acquired assets. Future economic conditions, including credit results, prepayment patterns, and interest rate trends, are difficult to project with accuracy over the life of the assets we acquire, so there will be volatility in the reported returns over time. 
 
 Our growth may be limited if assets are not available or not available at attractive prices. 
 
 To reinvest the proceeds from principal repayments we receive on our existing investments and deploy capital we raise, we may seek to originate, invest in, or acquire new assets. If the availability of new assets is limited or if the pricing of such assets is unfavorable, we may not be able to originate, invest in, or acquire assets that will generate attractive returns. Generally, asset supply can be reduced if originations of a particular product are reduced or if there are fewer sales in the secondary market of seasoned product from existing portfolios. In particular, assets we believe have a favorable risk/reward ratio may not be available for purchase (or origination by our business purpose loan origination platform). 
 
 We do not originate residential loans; rather, we rely on the origination market to supply the types of residential loans we seek to invest in. At times, due to increases in interest rates, heightened credit concerns, strengthened underwriting standards, increased regulation, and/or concerns about economic growth or housing values, the volume of originations may decrease significantly. For example, in 2019 and 2020, residential mortgage interest rates generally declined, and remained at these lower levels throughout 2021, with the result that a significant portion of high industry-wide origination volumes were related to residential borrowers refinancing existing mortgage loans. On the other hand, since 2022, the Federal Reserve has enacted several increases to the federal funds rate, resulting in substantially elevated mortgage interest rates relative to recent years. Higher interest rates have led to a sharp decline in the overall volume of residential loan refinancings as well as loan origination volume in general. To the extent interest rates continue to increase, refinance and purchase loan volume is likely to decline further, and this volume may not return to previous levels. A reduced volume of loan originations may make it increasingly difficult for us to acquire loans and securities. Similar factors may contribute to reduced volumes of loan originations by our business purpose loan origination platforms, which would otherwise be available for transfer to our investment portfolio. 
 
 We originate business purpose loans, but we may not be willing to provide the level of loan proceeds to the borrower or interest rate that borrowers find acceptable or that matches our competitors, which would likely reduce the volume of these types of loans that we originate. 
 
 The supply of new issue residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) collateralized by jumbo mortgage loans available for purchase could be adversely affected if the economics of executing securitizations are not favorable or if the regulations governing the execution of securitizations discourage or preclude certain potential market participants from engaging in these transactions. For example, since 2022, interest-rate and market volatility have led to a substantial reduction in new RMBS issuances. In addition, if there is not a robust market for triple-A rated securities, the supply of real estate subordinate securities could be significantly diminished. 
 
 We have entered into risk-sharing arrangements with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and have invested in credit risk transfer (CRT) securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under which we are compensated for agreeing to absorb credit losses on new conforming loans or for engaging in similar types of credit risk-sharing or -transfer structures. We may continue to make these types of credit-related investments and may also continue recent initiatives to grow our investment portfolio, including investing in residential securities collateralized by re-performing and non-performing mortgage loans, multifamily securities, HEIs and securities collateralized by HEIs, and investments in excess MSRs and servicer advance investments related to pools of residential and small-balance multifamily mortgage loans. While these initiatives represent potential opportunities for future capital deployment, ultimately these initiatives may not produce sizable or attractive investment opportunities due to competition from other investors, regulatory issues, or federal housing finance reform initiatives that impact Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
 
 24 

Investments in diverse types of assets and businesses could expose us to new, different, or increased risks. 
 
 We have invested in and may in the future invest in a variety of real estate and non-real estate related assets that may not be closely related to the types of investments we have traditionally made. Additionally, we may enter into or engage in various types of securitizations, transactions, services, and other operating businesses that are different than the types we have traditionally entered into or engaged in. For example, in recent years we began expanding our mortgage loan purchase activity to include BPL bridge loans and business purpose loans secured by non-owner occupied rental properties. Also, since 2019, we have completed the acquisitions of three business purpose real estate loan origination platforms, CoreVest (2019), 5 Arches (2019), and Riverbend (2022), which we combined into a single platform through which we originate business purpose loans. As a result of these acquisitions, our holdings of business purpose whole loans have increased as have our issuances and ownership of securities backed by business purpose loans under the CAFL securitization label. We have also completed strategic investments in, may make additional investments in, or raise or allocate additional capital to fund, internal or third-party residential and business purpose mortgage origination platforms, HEI origination platforms, and our RWT Horizons venture investing initiative. In recent years, we have also made investments in subordinate securities backed by re-performing and non-performing residential loans, multifamily securities, HEIs and securities collateralized by HEIs, excess MSR investments collateralized by residential and multifamily loans, servicer advance investments related to residential mortgage loans, and a multifamily investment fund to acquire workforce housing properties. In addition, we may pursue initiatives to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives. 
 
 Any of these actions may expose us to new, different, or increased investment, operational, financial, or management risks. Several of these investments were complex, highly structured, and involve partnerships and joint ventures with co-investors or co-sponsors, any or all of which may limit the liquidity of such investments. Additionally, when investing in transactions with complex or novel structures, the risks associated with the transactions and structures may not be fully known to buyers and sellers. For example, we recently co-sponsored a securitization of HEIs, and continue to purchase and/or hold HEIs either for investment, sale or securitization, all of which expose us to risk of loss related to home price appreciation (or depreciation). In addition, financing for such new and non-traditional investments may be unavailable or expensive, which could lead to reduced liquidity and investable capital. If our assumptions regarding the valuation and rate of appreciation in value of the property securing an HEI are wrong, our returns will be reduced, and if the value of the property securing the HEI decreases, we may suffer losses, up to the total loss of our investment. Additionally, HEIs may be subject to regulatory risk from federal, state, and local regulators or may be recharacterized as debt by courts or legislation. For example, if a state mortgage regulator determines that entering into, or investing in, an HEI is activity covered by that state s mortgage licensing statute, our investment may be at risk if we and/or our purchase and sale counterparty, who enters into the HEI with the homeowner, do not possess the applicable license. 
 
 As another example, one of our excess MSR investments includes an associated investment in servicer advances financed with non-recourse debt. Non-recourse financing generally limits our exposure to losses to the value of the collateral securing the financing (in this case, the servicer advances). However, a default on such non-recourse financing of servicer advances could result in a complete loss of our servicer advance investments and the related excess MSRs. Additionally, this non-recourse financing is short-term. When it reaches maturity, we may not be able to renew this financing on favorable terms, or at all, which may have a negative impact on the value of our investment. A more detailed discussion of the risks related to this servicer advance financing is described below in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading, Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities. 
 
 As another example, in connection with our acquisitions of CoreVest, 5 Arches, and Riverbend, we made assumptions about the cash flows and investments that will be generated from these acquisitions. Additionally, originating and investing in business purpose mortgage loans exposes us to new and different risks than our traditional residential mortgage banking activities, including higher rates of delinquency, default, foreclosure and litigation. Our assumptions may prove wrong, market conditions may change, or we may be exposed to higher-than-expected rates of delinquency, default, foreclosure, or litigation, any of which could have a negative impact on our financial or operational results related to these acquisitions and to our business as a whole. 
 
 We may invest in non-real estate asset-backed securities (ABS), corporate debt, or equity. We have invested in diverse types of IOs from residential, business purpose, and multifamily securitizations sponsored by us or by others. The higher credit and prepayment risks associated with these types of investments may increase our exposure to losses. We may invest in non-U.S. assets that may expose us to currency risks (which we may choose not to hedge) and different types of credit, prepayment, hedging, interest rate, liquidity, legal, and other risks. In addition, our RWT Horizons venture investing platform invests primarily in early-stage businesses focused in the real estate, lending, and financial technology markets. These venture investments may come in many forms and structures including convertible debt or equity, each of which exposes us to a unique set of risks, including the risk of a total loss of the amount invested. These types of investments could expose us to new, different, or increased risks that we did not anticipate, which could have a negative impact on the financial returns generated. 
 
 25 

In addition, when investing in assets or businesses we are exposed to the risk that those assets, or interest income or revenue generated by those assets or businesses, result in our not meeting the requirements to maintain our REIT status or our status as exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ), as further described in the risk factors titled We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and, as such, are required to meet certain tests in order to maintain our REIT status. This adds complexity and costs to running our business and exposes us to additional risks and Conducting our business in a manner so that we are exempt from registration under, and in compliance with, the Investment Company Act may reduce our flexibility and could limit our ability to pursue certain opportunities. At the same time, failure to continue to qualify for exemption from the Investment Company Act could adversely affect us. 
 
 We may change our investment strategy or financing plans, which may result in riskier investments and diminished returns. 
 
 We may change our investment strategy or financing plans at any time, which could result in our making investments that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments we have previously made or described. A change in our investment strategy or financing plans may increase our exposure to interest-rate and default risk and real estate market fluctuations. Decisions to employ additional leverage could increase the risk inherent in our investment strategy. Conversely, decisions to reduce leverage could reduce the returns we earn on our investments. Additionally, a portion of our recent investment activity included financing that was incurred by a joint-venture entity that we did not control and thus was not reflected on our balance sheet prior to the repayment of such financing. Furthermore, a change in our investment strategy could result in our making investments in new asset categories or in different proportions among asset categories than we previously have. For example, as noted above, since December 2017, we have announced several new initiatives to expand our mortgage banking and investment activities, including by expanding our mortgage banking activities to include the acquisition and origination of business purpose loans secured by non-owner occupied rental properties and BPL bridge loans, completing the acquisitions of three business purpose real estate loan origination platforms, CoreVest, 5 Arches, and Riverbend, incorporating blockchain technology and decentralized finance activities into securitization transactions we sponsor, and optimizing the size and target returns of our investment portfolio. We have also completed strategic investments in, may make additional investments in, or raise or allocate additional capital to fund, internal or third-party residential and business purpose mortgage origination platforms, HEI origination platforms, and our RWT Horizons venture investing initiative. We have also made investments in subordinate securities backed by re-performing and non-performing residential loans, multifamily securities, HEIs and securities collateralized by HEIs, excess MSR and servicer advance investments collateralized by residential and multifamily loans, a whole loan investment fund created to acquire light-renovation multifamily loans, a multifamily investment fund to acquire workforce housing properties. In addition, we may pursue initiatives to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives and these initiatives may target investments with different return profiles or utilize financial leverage in a different manner than we have in the past. As another example, in the future, we could determine to invest a greater proportion of our assets in securities backed by non-prime or subprime residential mortgage loans. These changes could result in our making riskier investments, which could ultimately have an adverse effect on our financial returns. Alternatively, we could determine to change our investment strategy or financing plans to be more risk averse, resulting in potentially lower returns, which could also have an adverse effect on our financial returns. 
 
 The performance of the assets we own and the investments we make will vary and may not meet our earnings or cash flow expectations. In addition, the cash flows and earnings from, and market values of, securities, loans, and other assets we own may be volatile. 
 
 We seek to manage certain of the risks associated with acquiring, originating, holding, selling, and managing real estate loans and securities and other real estate-related investments. No amount of risk management or mitigation, however, can change the variable nature of the cash flows of, fair values of, and financial results generated by these loans, securities, and other assets. Changes in the credit performance of, or the prepayments on, these investments, including real estate loans and the loans underlying real estate securities, as well as changes in interest rates, impact the cash flows on these securities and investments, and the impact could be significant for our loans, securities, and other assets with concentrated risks. Changes in cash flows lead to changes in our return on investment and also to potential variability in and level of reported income. The revenue recognized on some of our assets is based on an estimate of the yield over the remaining life of the asset. Thus, changes in our estimates of expected cash flows from an asset will result in changes in our reported earnings on that asset in the current reporting period. We may be forced to recognize adverse changes in expected future cash flows as a current expense, further adding to earnings volatility. Additionally, our non-GAAP measures of financial performance and our earnings calculated in accordance with GAAP may be subject to volatility. Moreover, the Securities and Exchange Commission's focus on the use of non-GAAP financial metrics may require us to change the presentation or method of calculation of our non-GAAP metrics which may result in variability and volatility. 
 
 26 

Changes in the fair values of our assets, liabilities, and derivatives can have various negative effects on us, including reduced earnings, increased earnings volatility, and volatility in our book value. 
 
 Fair values for our assets and liabilities, including derivatives, can be volatile and our revenue and income can be impacted by changes in fair values. The fair values can change rapidly and significantly and changes can result from changes in interest rates, perceived risk, supply, demand, and actual and projected cash flows, prepayments, and credit performance. A decrease in fair value may not necessarily be the result of deterioration in future cash flows. Fair values for illiquid assets can be difficult to estimate, which may lead to volatility and uncertainty of earnings and book value. 
 
 For example, real estate-related securities in our investment portfolio may be subject to changes in credit spreads. Credit spreads measure the yield demanded on securities by the market based on their credit relative to a specific benchmark, and is a measure of the perceived risk of the investment. Fixed-rate securities are valued based on a market credit spread over the rate payable on fixed-rate swaps or fixed-rate U.S. Treasuries of like maturity. Floating-rate securities are typically valued based on a market credit spread over LIBOR or, increasingly, another floating-rate index such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), and are affected similarly by changes in LIBOR, SOFR, or other index spreads. Excessive supply of, or reduced demand for, these securities may cause the market to require a higher yield on these securities, resulting in the use of a higher, or wider, spread over the benchmark rate to value such securities. Under such conditions, the value of our securities portfolios would tend to decline. For example, due to the volatility in financial markets resulting from the pandemic, the market value of our securities portfolio declined significantly, in a compressed time frame during 2020. Due to interest-rate volatility and other economic factors since 2022, spreads have again widened, leading to a reduction in the market value of our securities portfolio. Conversely, if the spread used to value such securities were to decrease, or tighten, the value of our real estate and other securities portfolio would tend to increase. Such changes in the market value of our real estate-related securities portfolio may affect our net equity, net income or cash flow, whether directly, through their impact on unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities and therefore our ability to realize gains on such securities, or indirectly, through their impact on our ability to borrow and access capital. Widening credit spreads have contributed to, and could continue to contribute to or cause, net unrealized losses on our securities and derivatives, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or retained earnings, and therefore our book value per share has decreased and may continue to decrease as a result. 
 
 For GAAP purposes, we mark to market most of the assets and some of the liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. In addition, valuation adjustments on certain consolidated assets and many of our derivatives are reflected in our consolidated statements of income (loss). Assets that are funded with certain liabilities and hedges may have differing mark-to-market treatment than the liability or hedge. If we sell an asset that has not been marked to market through our consolidated statements of income (loss) at a reduced market price relative to its cost basis, we may be required to realize a loss and our reported earnings will be reduced accordingly. 
 
 Our loan sale profit margins are generally reflective of gains (or losses) over the period from when we identify a loan for purchase until we subsequently sell or securitize the loan. These profit margins may encompass elements of positive or negative market valuation adjustments on loans, hedging gains or losses associated with related risk management activities, and any other related transaction expenses; however, under GAAP, the differing elements may be realized unevenly over the course of one or more quarters for financial reporting purposes, with the result that our financial results may be more volatile and less reflective of the underlying economics of our business activity. 
 
 Our calculations of the fair value of the securities, loans, MSRs, derivatives, and certain other assets we own or consolidate are based upon assumptions that are inherently subjective and involve a high degree of management judgment. 
 
 We report the fair values of securities, loans, MSRs, derivatives, and certain other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. In computing the fair values for these assets we may make a number of market-based assumptions, including assumptions regarding future interest rates, prepayment rates, discount rates, credit loss rates, and the timing of credit losses. These assumptions are inherently subjective and involve a high degree of management judgment, particularly for illiquid securities and other assets for which market prices are not readily determinable. For further information regarding our assets recorded at fair value see Note 5 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Use of different assumptions could materially affect our fair value calculations and our financial results. Further discussion of the risk of our ownership and valuation of illiquid securities is set forth under the heading Investments we make, hedging transactions that we enter into, and the manner in which we finance our investments and operations expose us to various risks, including liquidity risk, risks associated with the use of leverage, market risks, and counterparty risk. 
 
 27 

Changes in banks inter-bank lending rate reporting practices, the method pursuant to which LIBOR is determined, or the discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 
 LIBOR and other indices which are deemed benchmarks have been the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms and associated changes to behavior may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Many national regulators are recommending U.S. Dollar LIBOR be replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. However, the manner and timing of this shift is uncertain. U.S. banking regulators issued supervisory guidance encouraging banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate by December 31, 2021, but certain rates based on U.S. Dollar LIBOR could continue to be published through June 2023 (but will effectively end earlier if the number of panel banks reporting to LIBOR continues to decrease). Market participants are still considering how various types of financial instruments and securitization vehicles should transition to a discontinuation of LIBOR. It is possible that not all of our financial instruments will transition away from LIBOR at the same time, and it is possible that not all of our financial instruments will transition to the same alternative reference rate, resulting in consequences that are difficult or impossible to forecast. For example, switching existing financial instruments and hedging transactions from LIBOR to SOFR requires calculations of a spread. Industry organizations are attempting to structure the spread calculation in a manner that minimizes the possibility of value transfer between counterparties, borrowers, and lenders by virtue of the transition, but there is no assurance that the calculated spread will be fair and accurate or that all asset types and all types of securitization vehicles will use the same spread. We and other market participants have less experience understanding and modeling SOFR-based assets and liabilities than LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, increasing the difficulty of investing, hedging, and risk management. The process of transition involves operational risks. It is also possible that no transition will occur for many financial instruments. At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be implemented. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the market for or value of any securities on which the interest or dividend is determined by reference to LIBOR, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to LIBOR or any other benchmark or index as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any securities based on or linked to a benchmark or index. 
 
 Investments we make, hedging transactions that we enter into, and the manner in which we finance our investments and operations expose us to various risks, including liquidity risk, risks associated with the use of leverage, market risks, and counterparty risk. 
 
 Many of our investments have limited liquidity. 
 
 Many of the residential, business purpose, multifamily, and other securities we own or may own are generally illiquid - that is, there is not a significant pool of potential investors that are likely to invest in these, or similar, securities. This illiquidity can also exist for the real estate loans we may hold and the business purpose loans we originate. At times, the vast majority of the assets we own are likely to be illiquid. In turbulent markets, it is likely that the securities, loans, and other assets we own may become even less liquid. As a result, we may not be able to sell certain assets at opportune times or at attractive prices or we may incur significant losses upon sales of these assets, should we want or need to sell them. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness and liabilities could limit cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under our convertible notes and other debt instruments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our total consolidated liabilities (excluding indebtedness associated with asset-backed securities issued and other liabilities of consolidated entities, for which we are not liable) was approximately 8.3 billion. We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our business, results of operations and financial condition, including: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flows available for other purposes; 
 28 

requiring asset sales to fund the repayment of maturing debt or to meet margin calls; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business; 
 dilution experienced by our existing stockholders as a result of the conversion of the convertible notes or exchangeable securities into shares of common stock; and 
 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain sufficient cash reserves or continue to generate cash flow from operations at levels sufficient to permit us to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or that our cash needs will not increase. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make required payments, or if we fail to comply with the various requirements of our indebtedness then outstanding, we would be in default, which would permit the holders of the affected indebtedness to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness and could cause defaults under our other indebtedness. Any default under any indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For an additional discussion of our outstanding indebtedness, see Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities." 
 
 Our use of financial leverage could expose us to increased risks. 
 
 We fund the residential and business purpose loans we acquire or originate in anticipation of a future sale or securitization with a combination of equity and short-term debt. In addition, we also make investments in securities and loans financed with short- and long-term debt. By incurring this debt i.e. , by applying financial leverage), we expect to generate more attractive returns on our invested equity capital. However, as a result of using financial leverage (whether for the accumulation of loans or related to longer-term investments), we could also incur significant losses if our borrowing costs increase relative to the earnings on our assets and costs of any related hedges. Financing facility creditors may also make margin calls, which could force us to sell assets pledged as collateral under adverse market conditions, for example, in the event of a decrease in the fair values of the assets pledged as collateral. Further discussion of the risks associated with our use of leverage is set forth under the heading Our use of financial leverage exposes us to increased risks, including liquidity risks from margin calls and potential breaches of the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities, which could result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other debt agreements. Liquidation of the collateral could create negative tax consequences and raise REIT qualification issues. Further discussion of the risk associated with maintaining our REIT status is set forth under the heading We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and, as such, are required to meet certain tests in order to maintain our REIT status. This adds complexity and costs to running our business and exposes us to additional risks. In addition, we make financial covenants to creditors in connection with incurring short- and long-term debt, such as covenants relating to our maintaining a minimum amount of tangible net worth or stockholders equity and/or a minimum amount of liquid assets, and/or a maximum ratio of recourse debt to tangible net worth or stockholders equity. If we fail to comply with these financial covenants we would be in default under our financing facilities, which could result in, among other things, the liquidation of collateral we have pledged pursuant to these facilities under adverse market conditions and the inability to incur additional borrowings to finance our business activities. A further discussion of financial covenants we are subject to and related risks associated with our use of short-term debt is set forth under the heading Our use of financial leverage exposes us to increased risks, including liquidity risks from margin calls and potential breaches of the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities, which could result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs, as well as triggering cross-defaults under other debt agreements and in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading, Risks Relating to Debt Incurred Under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities. Additionally, our ability to increase our borrowing limits under our debt financing facilities (and therefore increase our investment capacity) may be limited by our ability to raise equity capital, which we may not be able to raise at attractive prices or at all. 
 
 29 

The inability to access financial leverage through warehouse and repurchase facilities, credit facilities, or other forms of debt financing may inhibit our ability to execute our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, financial condition, and business. 
 
 Our ability to fund our business and our investment strategy depends on our securing warehouse, repurchase, or other forms of debt financing (or leverage) on acceptable terms. For example, during aggregation and pending the sale or securitization of a pool of mortgage loans or other assets we generally fund those mortgage loans or other assets through borrowings from warehouse, repurchase, and credit facilities, and other forms of short-term financing. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in establishing sufficient sources of short-term debt when needed. In addition, because of its short-term nature, lenders may decline to renew our short-term debt upon maturity or expiration, and it may be difficult for us to obtain continued short-term financing. During certain periods, such as during 2020 when there were, at times, severe market dislocations resulting from the pandemic, lenders may curtail their willingness to provide financing, as liquidity in short-term debt markets, including repurchase facilities and commercial paper markets, can be withdrawn suddenly, making it difficult or expensive to renew short-term borrowings as they mature. To the extent our business or investment strategy calls for us to access financing and counterparties are unable or unwilling to lend to us, then our business and financial results will be adversely affected. It is also possible that lenders who provide us with financing could experience changes in their ability to advance funds to us, independent of our performance or the performance of our investments, in which case funds we had planned to be able to access may not be available to us. Additionally, our ability to increase borrowing limits under our debt financing facilities (and therefore increase our investment capacity) may be limited by our ability to raise equity capital, which we may not be able to raise at attractive prices or at all. 
 
 Hedging activities may reduce earnings, may fail to reduce earnings volatility, and may fail to protect our capital in difficult economic environments. 
 
 We attempt to hedge certain interest-rate risks (and, at times, prepayment risks and fair values) by balancing the characteristics of our assets and associated (existing and anticipated) liabilities with respect to those risks and entering into various interest rate agreements. The number and scope of the interest rate agreements we utilize may vary significantly over time. We generally seek to enter into interest rate agreements that provide an appropriate and efficient method for hedging certain risks related to changes in interest rates. 
 
 The use of interest rate agreements and other instruments to hedge certain of our risks may have the effect over time of lowering long-term earnings to the extent these risks do not materialize. To the extent that we hedge, it is usually to seek to protect us from some of the effects of short-term interest rate volatility, to lower short-term earnings volatility, to stabilize liability costs or fair values, to stabilize our economic returns from a securitization transaction, or to stabilize the future cost of anticipated issuance of securities by a securitization entity. Hedging may not achieve our desired goals. For example, in response to market dislocations during 2020 resulting from the pandemic, we made the determination that our interest rate hedges were no longer effective in hedging asset market values and we terminated or closed out substantially all of our outstanding interest rate hedges and, overall, incurred realized losses. Although we have re-established our interest rate risk hedging program, there can be no assurance that future market conditions and our financial condition in the future will enable us to maintain an effective interest rate risk hedging program. Even in times of ordinary market and economic conditions, hedging with respect to the pipeline of loans we plan to purchase may not be effective due to loan fallout or other reasons. Using interest rate agreements as a hedge may increase short-term earnings volatility, especially if we do not elect certain accounting treatments for our hedges or hedged items. Reductions in fair values of interest rate agreements may not be offset by increases in fair values of the assets or liabilities being hedged. Conversely, increases in fair values of interest rate agreements may not fully offset declines in fair values of assets or liabilities being hedged. Changes in fair values of interest rate agreements may require us to pledge significant amounts of cash or other acceptable forms of collateral. 
 
 We also may hedge by taking short, forward, or long positions in U.S. Treasuries, mortgage securities, or other financial instruments. We may take both long and short positions in credit derivative transactions linked to real estate assets. These derivatives may have additional risks to us, such as: liquidity risk, due to the fact that there may not be a ready market into which we could sell these derivatives if needed; basis risk, which could result in a decline in value or a requirement to make a cash payment as a result of changes in interest rates; and counterparty risk, if a counterparty to a derivative is not willing or able to perform its obligations to us due to its financial condition or otherwise. 
 
 Our earnings may be subject to fluctuations from quarter to quarter as a result of the accounting treatment for certain derivatives or for assets or liabilities whose terms do not necessarily match those used for derivatives, or as a result of our inability to meet the requirements necessary to obtain specific hedge accounting treatment for certain derivatives. 
 
 30 

Additionally, the interest rate agreements and other instruments that we may use to hedge certain risks are also subject to risks related to the transition away from the use of LIBOR as a floating rate index, as further described above under the risk factor titled The performance of the assets we own and the investments we make will vary and may not meet our earnings or cash flow expectations. In addition, the cash flows and earnings from, and market values of, securities, loans, and other assets we own may be volatile - Changes in banks inter-bank lending rate reporting practices, the method pursuant to which LIBOR is determined, or the discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 
 We enter into derivative contracts that may expose us to contingent liabilities and those contingent liabilities may not appear on our balance sheet. We may invest in synthetic securities, credit default swaps, and other credit derivatives, which expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We enter into derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, options, and futures, that could require us to make cash payments in certain circumstances. Such potential payment obligations would be contingent liabilities and may not appear on our balance sheet. Our ability to satisfy these contingent liabilities depends on the liquidity of our assets and our access to capital and cash. The need to fund these contingent liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 We may in the future invest in synthetic securities, credit default swaps, and other credit derivatives that reference other real estate securities or indices. These investments may present risks in excess of those resulting from the referenced security or index. These investments are typically contractual relationships with counterparties and not acquisitions of referenced securities or other assets. In these types of investments, we have no right directly to enforce compliance with the terms of the referenced security or other assets and we have no voting or other consensual rights of ownership with respect to the referenced security or other assets. In the event of insolvency of a counterparty, we will be treated as a general creditor of the counterparty and will have no claim of title with respect to the referenced security. 
 
 Hedging activities may subject us to increased regulation. 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, there is increased regulation of companies, such as Redwood and certain of our subsidiaries, that enter into interest rate hedging agreements and other hedging instruments and derivatives. This increased regulation could result in Redwood or certain of our subsidiaries being required to register and be regulated as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor. If we are not able to maintain an exemption from these regulations, it could have a negative impact on our business or financial results. Moreover, rules requiring central clearing of certain interest rate swap and other transactions, as well as rules relating to margin and capital requirements for swap transactions and regulated participants in the swap markets, as well as other swap market regulatory reforms, may increase the cost or decrease the availability to us of hedging transactions, and may also limit our ability to include swaps in our securitization transactions. 
 
 Our results could be adversely affected by counterparty credit risk. 
 
 We have credit risks that are generally related to the counterparties with which we do business. There is a risk that counterparties will fail to perform under their contractual arrangements with us and this risk is usually more pronounced during an economic downturn. The economic impact of the pandemic and the associated volatility in the financial markets at times triggered, and may again trigger, additional periods of economic slowdown or recession, and such conditions could jeopardize the solvency of counterparties with which we do business. Counterparties may seek to eliminate credit exposure by entering into offsetting, or back-to-back, hedging transactions, and the ability of a counterparty to settle a synthetic transaction may be dependent on whether the counterparties to the back-to-back transactions perform their delivery obligations. Those risks of non-performance may differ materially from the risks entailed in exchange-traded transactions, which generally are backed by clearing organization guarantees, daily mark-to-market and settlement of positions, and segregation and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions entered into directly between parties generally do not benefit from those protections, and expose the parties to the risk of counterparty default. Furthermore, there may be practicality, timing, or other problems associated with enforcing our rights to assets in the case of an insolvency of a counterparty. 
 
 In the event a counterparty to our borrowings becomes insolvent, we may fail to recover the full value of our pledged collateral, thus reducing our earnings and liquidity. In addition, the insolvency of one or more of our financing counterparties could reduce the amount of financing available to us, which would make it more difficult for us to leverage the value of our assets, and we may not be able to obtain substitute financing on attractive terms or at all. A material reduction in our financing sources or an adverse change in the terms of our financings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In the event a counterparty to our interest rate agreements or other derivatives becomes insolvent or interprets our agreements with it in a manner unfavorable to us, our ability to realize benefits from the hedge transaction may be diminished, any cash or collateral we pledged to the counterparty may be unrecoverable, and we may be forced to unwind these agreements at a loss. In the event a counterparty that sells us residential or business purpose mortgage loans becomes insolvent or is acquired by a third party, we may be unable to enforce 
 31 

our rights to have such counterparty repurchase loans in connection with a breach of loan representations and warranties, and we may suffer losses if we must repurchase delinquent loans. In the event that one of our sub-servicers becomes insolvent or fails to perform, loan delinquencies and credit losses may increase and we may not receive the funds to which we are entitled in a timely manner, or at all. We attempt to diversify our counterparty exposure and (except with respect to loan-level representations and warranties) attempt to limit our counterparty exposure to counterparties with investment-grade credit ratings, although we may not always be able to do so. Our counterparty risk management strategy may prove ineffective and, accordingly, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Operational and Other Risks 
 Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past and plan to continue to engage in acquiring residential and business-purpose mortgage loans and originating business-purpose mortgage loans with the intent to sell these loans to third parties or hold them as investments. Similarly, we have engaged in the past, and may continue to engage, in acquiring residential MSRs. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks. 
 
 Acquiring and originating mortgage loans with intent to sell these loans to third parties generally requires us to incur short-term debt, either on a recourse or non-recourse basis, to finance the accumulation of loans or other assets prior to sale. This type of debt may not be available to us, or may only be available to us on an uncommitted basis, including in circumstances where a line of credit had previously been made available or committed to us. In addition, the terms of any available debt may be unfavorable to us or impose restrictive covenants that could limit our business and operations or the violation of which could lead to losses and inhibit our ability to borrow in the future. We expect to pledge assets we acquire to secure the short-term debt we incur. To the extent this debt is recourse to us, if the value of the assets pledged as, or underlying our, collateral declines, we may be required to increase the amount of collateral pledged to secure the debt or to repay all or a portion of the debt. In addition, when we originate or acquire assets for a sale, we make assumptions about the cash flows that will be generated from those assets and the market values of those assets. If these assumptions are wrong, or if market values change or other conditions change, it could result in a sale that is less favorable to us than initially assumed, which would typically have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 Furthermore, if we are unable to complete the sale of these types of assets, it could have a negative impact on our business and financial results. We have a limited capacity to hold residential and business purpose loans on our balance sheet as investments, and our business is not structured to buy-and-hold the full volume of loans that we routinely acquire or originate with the intent to sell. If demand for buying whole-loans weakens, we may be forced to incur additional debt on unfavorable terms or may be unable to borrow to finance these assets, which may in turn impact our ability to continue acquiring or originating loans over the short or long term. 
 
 Additionally, mortgage loan borrowers that have been or continue to be negatively impacted by the pandemic or other adverse economic conditions may not remit payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all. To the extent mortgage loan borrowers do not make payments on their loans, the value of mortgage loans we own will likely be impaired, potentially materially, as further described above under the headings Residential mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic may not make payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all, which could negatively impact our business and Multifamily and business purpose mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic may not make payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all, which could negatively impact our business . 
 
 Prior to originating or acquiring loans or other assets for sale, we may undertake underwriting and due diligence efforts with respect to various aspects of the loan or asset. When underwriting or conducting due diligence, we rely on resources and data available to us, which may be limited, and we rely on investigations by third parties. We may also only conduct due diligence on a sample of a pool of loans or assets we are acquiring and assume that the sample is representative of the entire pool. Our underwriting and due diligence efforts may not reveal matters which could lead to losses. If our underwriting process is not robust enough or if we do not conduct adequate due diligence, or the scope of our underwriting or due diligence is limited, we may incur losses. Losses could occur due to the fact that a counterparty that sold us a loan or other asset (or that is the obligor or a party related to an obligor of a business purpose loan we originate or acquire) refuses or is unable e.g. , due to its financial condition) to repay or repurchase that loan or asset or pay damages to us if we determine subsequent to purchase that one or more of the representations or warranties made to us in connection with the sale or origination was inaccurate. 
 
 Our ability to operate our business in the manner described above depends on the availability and productivity of our personnel and the personnel of third-party vendors. To the extent our management or personnel, or those of our key vendors, are impacted in significant numbers by natural disaster, outbreak of pandemic or epidemic disease, such as COVID-19, or other force majeure event, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 
 32 

In addition, when selling mortgage loans or acquiring servicing rights associated with residential mortgage loans, we typically make representations and warranties to the purchaser or to other third parties regarding, among other things, certain characteristics of those assets, including characteristics we seek to verify through our underwriting and due diligence efforts. If our representations and warranties are inaccurate with respect to any asset, we may be obligated to repurchase that asset or pay damages, which may result in a loss. We generally only establish reserves for potential liabilities relating to representations and warranties we make if we believe that those liabilities are both probable and estimable, as determined in accordance with GAAP. As a result, we may not have reserves relating to these potential liabilities or any reserves we may establish could be inadequate. Even if we obtain representations and warranties from the counterparties from whom we acquired the loans or other assets or the borrowers to whom we made the loans, or their related parties, they may not parallel the representations and warranties we make or may otherwise not protect us from losses, including, for example, due to the fact that the counterparty may be insolvent or otherwise unable to make a payment to us at the time we make a claim for repayment or damages for a breach of representation or warranty. Furthermore, to the extent we claim that counterparties we have acquired loans from or borrowers to whom we made the loans, or their related parties, have breached their representations and warranties to us, it may adversely impact our business relationship with those counterparties, including by reducing the volume of business we conduct with those counterparties, which could negatively impact our ability to acquire loans and our business. To the extent we have significant exposure to representations and warranties made to us by one or more counterparties we acquire loans from, we may determine, as a matter of risk management, to reduce or discontinue loan acquisitions from those counterparties, which could reduce the volume of residential loans we acquire and negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 
 Our portfolio of business-purpose loans held for investment represents a growing portion of our overall investment portfolio, and such loans expose us to new and different risks from our traditional investments in jumbo residential mortgage loans. 
 
 A growing portion of our portfolio of loans held for investment is made up of business purpose mortgage loans, especially BPL bridge loans. Business purpose mortgage loans are directly exposed to losses resulting from default and foreclosure. Therefore, the value of the underlying property, the creditworthiness and financial position of the borrower and the priority and enforceability of the lien will significantly impact the value of such mortgages. Whether or not we have participated in the negotiation of the terms of any such mortgages, there can be no assurance as to the adequacy of the protection of the terms of the loan, including the validity or enforceability of the loan and the maintenance of the anticipated priority and perfection of the applicable security interests. Furthermore, claims may be asserted that might interfere with the enforcement of our rights. In the event of a foreclosure, we may assume direct ownership of the underlying real estate. The liquidation proceeds upon sale of such real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Any costs or delays involved in the completion of a foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property would further reduce the proceeds and thus increase the loss. 
 
 Business purpose loans we own are subject to similar risks as those described above with respect to residential mortgage loans, to the extent business purpose loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic or other adverse economic conditions do not timely remit payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans. In addition, if tenants who rent their residence from a multifamily or business purpose loan borrower are unable to make rental payments, are unwilling to make rental payments, or a waiver of the requirement to make rental payments on a timely basis, or at all, is available under the terms of any applicable forbearance or waiver agreement or program (which rental payment forbearance or waiver program may be available as a result of a government-sponsored or -imposed program or under any such agreement or program a landlord may otherwise offer to tenants), then the value of multifamily and business purpose loans and multifamily and business purpose mortgage-backed securities we own will likely be impaired, potentially materially, as further discussed under the heading Multifamily and business purpose mortgage loan borrowers that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic may not make payments of principal and interest relating to their mortgage loans on a timely basis, or at all, which could negatively impact our business . 
 
 A portion of our business purpose loan portfolio currently is, and in the future may be, delinquent and subject to increased risks of credit loss for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, because the underlying property is too highly leveraged or the borrower experiences financial distress. Delinquent loans may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a reduction in the interest rate or capitalization of past due interest. However, even if restructurings are successfully accomplished, risks still exist that borrowers will not be able or willing to maintain the restructured payments or refinance the restructured mortgages upon maturity. 
 
 If restructuring is not successful, we may find it necessary to foreclose on the underlying property, and the foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive, including out-of-pocket costs and increased use of our internal resources. Borrowers may resist mortgage foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us including, without limitation, numerous lender liability claims and defenses, even when such assertions may have no basis in fact, or by filing for bankruptcy protection, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and exert negotiating pressure on us to agree to a modification of the loan or a favorable buy-out of the borrower s position. In some states, foreclosure actions can sometimes take several years or more to litigate. Under certain state laws, if a foreclosure action is abandoned or dismissed without prejudice, reinstating any such action may be difficult or impossible due to relevant statutes of limitations. In addition, foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related 
 33 

mortgaged property, resulting in a decrease in its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the completion of a foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property would further reduce the proceeds and thus increase the loss. Any such losses could, in the aggregate, have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, BPL bridge loans on properties in transition may involve a greater risk of loss than traditional mortgage loans. This type of loan is typically used for acquiring and rehabilitating or improving the quality of single-family residential investment properties and generally serves as an interim financing solution for borrowers and/or properties prior to the borrower selling the property or stabilizing the property and obtaining long-term permanent financing. The typical borrower of these BPL bridge loans has often identified what they believe is an undervalued asset that has been under-managed or is located in a recovering market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to improve according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management or the value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the transitional loan, and we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of our loan principal or anticipated cash flows. In addition, borrowers often use the proceeds of a conventional mortgage to repay a bridge loan. BPL Bridge loans therefore are subject to risks of a borrower s inability or unwillingness to obtain permanent financing to repay the loan. BPL Bridge loans, like other loans, are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud, and other losses. In the event of any default under BPL bridge loans that may be held by us, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral, and the principal amount and unpaid interest of the transitional loan and other loans on the property (if any) that are senior to ours. To the extent we suffer such losses with respect to these loans, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and expect to continue to engage in, securitization transactions relating to real estate mortgage loans and HEIs. In addition, we have invested in and continue to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other ABS issued in securitization transactions sponsored by other companies. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks. 
 
 Engaging in securitization transactions and other similar transactions generally requires us to incur short-term debt on a recourse basis to finance the accumulation of loans or other assets (including HEIs) prior to securitization. If demand for investing in securitization transactions weakens, we may be unable to complete the securitization of loans or other assets accumulated for that purpose, which would reduce our liquidity and investable capital, and may harm our business or financial results. In addition, in connection with engaging in securitization transactions, we engage in due diligence with respect to the loans or other assets we are securitizing and make representations and warranties relating to those loans and assets. The risks associated with incurring this type of debt in connection with securitization activity, the risks related to our ability to complete securitization transactions after we have accumulated loans or assets for that purpose, and the risks associated with the due diligence we conduct, and the representations and warranties we make, in connection with securitization activity are similar to the risks associated with acquiring and originating loans with the intent to sell them to third parties, as described in the immediately preceding risk factor titled Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and plan to continue to engage, in acquiring residential mortgage loans and originating business purpose mortgage loans with the intent to sell these loans to third parties or hold them as investments. Similarly, we have engaged in the past, and continue to engage, in acquiring residential MSRs. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks. 
 
 When engaging in securitization transactions, we also prepare marketing and disclosure documentation, including term sheets, offering documents, and prospectuses or offering memorandums, that include disclosures regarding the securitization transactions and the underlying assets being securitized. If our marketing and disclosure documentation are alleged or found to contain inaccuracies or omissions, we may be liable under federal and state securities laws (or under other laws) for damages to third parties that invest in these securitization transactions, including in circumstances where we relied on a third party in preparing accurate disclosures, or we may incur other expenses and costs in connection with disputing these allegations or settling claims (whether merited or meritless). For certain of our securitization transactions we rely on an exemption from the risk retention requirements applicable under federal securities laws and regulations, which, for these exempt transactions, requires that we ensure all mortgage loans underlying these securitization transactions meet certain criteria. Our process for ensuring we comply with risk retention requirements applicable to securitization transactions we sponsor or co-sponsor may not correctly identify loans that do not meet the applicable criteria, including due to data entry or calculation errors during the review of these criteria for specific loans or due to errors in our interpretation of these requirements. Failure to comply with risk retention requirements applicable to securitization transactions we have sponsored or co-sponsored could expose us to losses, including, for example, as a result of a requirement to repurchase securitized loans that did not meet these criteria, regulatory enforcement actions and/or reputational damages. 
 
 We have also engaged in selling or contributing commercial and multifamily real estate loans to third parties who, in turn, have securitized those loans. In these circumstances, we have in the past and may in the future also prepare or assist in the preparation of 
 34 

marketing and disclosure documentation, including documentation that is included in term sheets, offering documents, and prospectuses relating to those securitization transactions. We could be liable under federal and state securities laws (or under other laws) for damages to third parties that invest in these securitization transactions, including liability for disclosures prepared by third parties or with respect to loans that we did not sell or contribute to the securitization. Additionally, we typically retain various third-party service providers when we engage in securitization transactions, including underwriters or initial purchasers, trustees, administrative and paying agents, and custodians, among others. We frequently contractually agree to indemnify these service providers against various claims and losses they may suffer in connection with the provision of services to us and/or the securitization trust. To the extent any of these service providers are liable for damages to third parties that have invested in these securitization transactions, we may incur costs and expenses as a result of our indemnification obligations. 
 
 In addition, the securitization trusts or other securitization entities that own collateral underlying securitization transactions may be held liable for acts of third parties. For example, the CFPB has asserted the power to investigate and bring enforcement actions directly against securitization entities for the bad acts of the entities servicers or sub-servicers. On December 13, 2021, in an action brought by the CFPB, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in CFPB v. Nat l Collegiate Master Student Loan Trust , No. 1:17-cv-1323-SB (D. Del.) (the Student Loan ABS Litigation ), denied a motion to dismiss filed by a securitization trust, holding that the trust could be a covered person under the Dodd-Frank Act because it engages in the servicing of loans, even if through third-party servicers or sub-servicers. The district court did not decide at this time whether the trust could be held liable for the conduct of its servicer(s) or sub-servicer(s), only that the trust could be subject to an enforcement action related to the acts of its servicer. The Student Loan ABS Litigation is ongoing, including through an interlocutory appeal of the District Court s decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. If upheld on appeal, the CFPB may rely on the decision as precedent in investigating and bringing future enforcement actions against other securitization entities, including entities we sponsor or invest in. 
 
 There may be defects in the legal process and legal documents governing transactions in which securitization trusts and other secondary purchasers take legal ownership of residential mortgage loans or other assets and establish their rights as first-priority lienholders on underlying mortgaged property or other assets. To the extent there are problems with the manner in which title and lien priority rights were established or transferred, securitization transactions that we sponsored and third-party sponsored securitizations that we hold investments in may experience losses, which could expose us to losses and could damage our ability to engage or invest in future securitization transactions. 
 
 Furthermore, we may sponsor or invest in securitization transactions of a type that are either new to Redwood or new securitization products entirely. For example, during 2021, we co-sponsored a securitization of HEIs and completed our first securitization collateralized by BPL bridge loans. As another example, we have explored incorporating blockchain technology into securitization transactions we sponsor, including for reporting purposes and, potentially, the issuance of tokenized digital securities and the issuance of asset-based securities to decentralized autonomous organizations. The risks described above may be particularly pronounced with new transactions (or those new to Redwood) given the lower degree of institutional or industry knowledge of, experience with, and/or lack of a mature market for, these products. 
 
 Adverse economic conditions, including as a result of the pandemic, have at times negatively impacted, and could again negatively impact, our operating platforms including our business purpose loan origination and residential loan purchase activities, as well as our HEI investment activities. 
 
 Adverse economic conditions, including as a result of the pandemic, have at times adversely impacted, and could again adversely impact, our business and operations due to temporary or lasting changes involving the status, practices and procedures of our operating platforms, including with respect to loan origination and loan purchase activities, as well as our HEI investment activities. For example, in the first half of 2020, the impacts of the pandemic caused us to temporarily limit our residential loan purchases and reduce our business purpose loan origination activities. Certain counterparties believed that we breached actual or perceived obligations to them, and subjected us to litigation and claims, for which we accrued estimated costs or subsequently resolved. Any future adverse impacts on our business or operations due to changes in the status, practices and procedures of our operating platforms could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. More recently, as a result of disruptions to the normal operation of mortgage finance markets due to inflation and changes in U.S. monetary policy, including shifts in Federal Reserve policy and changes in benchmark interest rates, our operations focused on acquiring and distributing residential mortgage loans and originating, acquiring and distributing business purpose loans have been adversely impacted, and in the future may not be able to function efficiently because of, among other factors, an inability to access short-term or long-term financing for mortgage loans on attractive terms (or at all), a disruption to the market for securitization transactions, or our inability to access these markets or execute securitization transactions. Any or all of these impacts could result in reduced (or negative) mortgage banking income and gain on sale income, and reduced net interest income, all of which would negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 35 

In connection with our operating and investment activity, we rely on third parties to perform certain services, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and carry out contractual covenants and terms, the failure of which by any of these third parties may adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 
 In connection with our business of acquiring and originating loans, engaging in securitization transactions, and investing in HEI and third-party issued securities and other assets, we rely on third party service providers to perform certain services, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and carry out contractual covenants and terms. As a result, we are subject to the risks associated with a third party s failure or inability to perform, including failure to perform due to the impact of the pandemic on such third party s ability to operate, due to the bankruptcy of one or more loan servicers, or HEI servicers, or reasons such as fraud, negligence, errors, miscalculations, workforce or supply chain disruptions, or insolvency. For example, as a result of the pandemic, residential mortgage subservicers received an unprecedented level of requests from mortgage borrowers for payment forbearances and, as a result, their operational infrastructures may not have properly processed this increased volume of requests effectively or in a manner that is in our best interests. Many loan servicers have been accused of improprieties in the handling of loan modification or foreclosure processes with respect to residential mortgage loans that have gone into default. To the extent a third-party loan servicer or HEI servicer fails to fully and properly perform its obligations, loans, HEIs, and securities that we hold as investments may experience losses, securitizations that we have sponsored may experience poor performance, and our ability to engage in future securitization transactions could be harmed. Moreover, the CFPB has indicated that under the Biden presidential administration it intends to revitalize enforcement of fair lending laws and prioritize protecting consumers facing financial hardship due to COVID-19 and racial equity including through supervisory and enforcement activity directed at mortgage sub-servicer performance. As another example, our residential business purpose mortgage banking segments, as well as our HEI-focused initiatives, utilize third-party appraisals or other valuation tools during the underwriting process, obtained on the collateral underlying each prospective mortgage or HEI. The quality of these appraisals may vary widely in accuracy and consistency. The appraiser may feel pressure from the broker or originator to provide an appraisal in the amount necessary to enable the originator to make the loan or HEI, whether or not the value of the property justifies such an appraised value. Inaccurate or inflated appraisals may result in an increase in the severity of losses on the mortgage loans or HEIs, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, our business purpose loan origination platforms may utilize third party inspectors in connection with funding advances on BPL bridge loans for rehabilitation or ground-up construction. These third parties may be required to certify a borrower s eligibility for advances based on the satisfaction of construction milestones. In the past we have experienced, and may in the future experience, fraudulent or negligent activity among borrowers and certain of these third parties that has led to the disbursement of under-collateralized funds and could cause us to incur financial losses on loans we have originated. 
 
 For some of the loans that we hold and for some of the loans we sell or securitize, we hold the right to service those loans and we retain a sub-servicer to service those loans. In these circumstances we are exposed to certain risks, including, without limitation, that we may not be able to enter into subservicing agreements on terms favorable to us, or at all, that the sub-servicer may not properly service the loan in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or the contractual provisions governing their sub-servicing role, and that we would be held liable for the sub-servicer s improper acts or omissions, whether resulting from a change in law effected or prompted by the Student Loan ABS Litigation, or otherwise, as discussed above under the Risk Factor titled Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and expect to continue to engage in, securitization transactions relating to real estate mortgage loans and HEIs. In addition, we have invested in and continue to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other ABS issued in securitization transactions sponsored by other companies. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks . Additionally, in its capacity as a servicer of residential mortgage loans, a sub-servicer will have access to borrowers non-public personal information, and we could incur liability in connection with a data breach relating to a sub-servicer, as discussed further under the risk factor titled Maintaining cybersecurity and complying with data privacy laws and regulations are important to our business and a breach of our cybersecurity or a violation of data privacy laws could result in serious harm to our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. When we retain a sub-servicer we are generally also obligated to fund any obligation of the sub-servicer to make advances on behalf of a delinquent loan obligor. To the extent any one sub-servicer counterparty services a significant percentage of the loans with respect to which we own the servicing rights, the risks associated with our use of that sub-servicer are concentrated around this single sub-servicer counterparty. To the extent that there are significant amounts of advances that need to be funded in respect of loans where we own the servicing rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 In addition, we have participated in various investments structured as joint ventures or partnerships with unaffiliated third parties. Some of these joint venture entities rely, in part, on their members or partners to make committed capital contributions in order to pay the purchase price for investments, to fund shortfalls in capital under related financing agreements, or to fund indemnification or repurchase obligations related to securitization. A failure by one of the members to make such capital contributions for amounts required could result in events of default under the terms of the investment or the related financing and a loss of our investment in the joint venture entity and its related investments. For example, in connection with our servicer advance investments, we consolidate an entity that was formed to finance servicing advances and for which we, through our control of an affiliated partnership entity (the "SA Buyer") formed to invest in servicer advance investments and excess MSRs, are the primary beneficiary. SA Buyer has agreed to 
 36 

purchase all future arising servicer advances under certain residential mortgage servicing agreements. SA Buyer relies, in part, on its members to make committed capital contributions in order to pay the purchase price for future servicer advances. A failure by any or all of the members to make such capital contributions for amounts required to fund servicer advances could result in an event of default under our servicer advance financing and a complete loss of our investment in SA Buyer and its servicer advance investments and excess MSRs. Additionally, to the extent that the servicer of the underlying mortgage loans (who is unaffiliated with us except through their co-investment in SA Buyer and the related financing entity) fails to recover the servicer advances in which we have invested, or takes longer than we expect to recover such advances, the value of our investment could be adversely affected and we could fail to achieve our expected returns and suffer losses. 
 
 We also rely on corporate trustees to act on behalf of us and other holders of ABS in enforcing our rights as security holders. Under the terms of most ABS we hold, we do not have the right to directly enforce remedies against the issuer of the security, but instead must rely on a trustee to act on behalf of us and other security holders. Should a trustee not be required to take action under the terms of the securities, or should they fail to take action, we could experience losses. 
 
 Our business could also be negatively impacted by the inability of other third-party vendors we rely on to perform and operate effectively, including vendors that provide IT services, legal and accounting services, or other operational support services. Further, an inability of our counterparties to make or satisfy the conditions or representations and warranties in agreements they have entered into with us could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our ability to execute or participate in future securitization transactions, including, in particular, securitizations of residential and business purpose mortgage loans, could be delayed, limited, or precluded by legislative and regulatory reforms applicable to asset-backed securities and the institutions that sponsor, service, rate, or otherwise participate in or contribute to the successful execution of a securitization transaction. Other factors could also limit, delay, or preclude our ability to execute securitization transactions. These legislative, regulatory, and other factors could also reduce the returns we would otherwise expect to earn in connection with executing securitization transactions. 
 
 Various federal and state laws and regulations impact our ability to execute securitization transactions, including the Dodd-Frank Act. Provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relate to, among other things, the legal and regulatory framework under which ABS, including RMBS and securities backed by business purpose mortgage loans and HEIs, are issued through the execution of securitization transactions. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) have published regulations relating to the issuance of ABS, including RMBS. Additional federal or state laws and regulations that could affect our ability to execute future securitization transactions could be proposed, enacted, or implemented. In addition, various federal and state agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as private litigants, have initiated and may, in the future, initiate additional broad-based enforcement actions or claims, the resolution of which may include industry-wide changes to the way mortgage loans and HEIs are originated, transferred, serviced, and securitized, and any of these changes could also affect our ability to execute future securitization transactions. For an example, please refer to the risk factor titled Federal and state legislative and regulatory developments and the actions of governmental authorities and entities may adversely affect our business and the value of, and the returns on, mortgages, mortgage-related securities, and other assets we own or may acquire in the future. 
 
 Rating agencies can affect our ability to execute or participate in a securitization transaction, or reduce the returns we would otherwise expect to earn from executing securitization transactions, not only by deciding not to publish ratings for our securitization transactions (or deciding not to consent to the inclusion of those ratings in the prospectuses or other documents we file with the SEC relating to securitization transactions), but also by altering the criteria and process they follow in publishing ratings. Rating agencies could alter their ratings processes or criteria after we have accumulated loans or other assets for securitization in a manner that effectively reduces the value of those previously acquired or originated loans or requires that we incur additional costs to comply with those processes and criteria. For example, to the extent investors in a securitization transaction would have significant exposure to representations and warranties made by us or by one or more counterparties we acquire loans from, rating agencies may determine that this exposure increases investment risks relating to the securitization transaction. Rating agencies could reach this conclusion either because of our financial condition or the financial condition of one or more counterparties from which we acquire loans or HEIs, or because of the aggregate amount of loan-related or HEI-related representations and warranties (or other contingent liabilities) we, or one or more counterparties from which we acquire loans or HEIs, have made or have exposure to. In addition, our ability to continue to securitize residential mortgage loans in the future will depend, in part, on the rating agencies assessment of the investment risks that result from the ability-to-repay regulations and the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule (TRID). This includes, for example, how rating agencies assess investment risks associated with non-material errors in loan-related disclosures made to mortgage borrowers and residential mortgage loans that have an interest-only payment feature. These types of loans have historically accounted for a significant amount of the loans we have securitized, but they are not considered qualified mortgages under the ability-to-repay regulations. With respect to loans with a debt-to-income ratio greater than 43 , which, following amendments to the "qualified mortgage" definition in 2021, may now be considered qualified mortgages under CFPB rules if they meet the amended definition (including an Annual Percentage Rate ("APR") test), rating agencies may decide that such loans pose greater risk to investors. Since 
 37 

these provisions were implemented over the past several years, the rating agencies assessment of these risks has generally been consistent with ours, but to the extent their assessments diverge from ours, this could negatively impact our ability to execute securitization transactions. If, as a result of any of the foregoing issues, rating agencies place limitations on our ability to execute future securitization transactions or impose unfavorable ratings levels or conditions on our securitization transactions, it could reduce the returns we would otherwise expect to earn from executing these transactions and negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 
 Furthermore, other matters, such as (i) accounting standards applicable to securitization transactions and (ii) capital and leverage requirements applicable to banks and other regulated financial institutions holdings of ABS, could result in less investor demand for securities issued through securitization transactions we execute or increased competition from other institutions that originate, acquire, and hold residential and business purpose mortgage loans, multifamily real estate loans, HEIs and other types of assets and execute securitization transactions. 
 
 Our ability to profitably execute or participate in future securitization transactions, including, in particular, securitizations of residential and business purpose mortgage loans, is dependent on numerous factors and if we are not able to achieve our desired level of profitability or if we incur losses in connection with executing or participating in future securitizations it could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 There are a number of factors that can have a significant impact on whether a securitization transaction that we execute or participate in is profitable to us or results in a loss. One of these factors is the price we pay for (or cost of originating) the mortgage loans or HEIs that we securitize, which, in the case of residential mortgage loans, for example, is impacted by the level of competition in the marketplace for acquiring mortgage loans and the relative desirability to originators of retaining mortgage loans as investments or selling them to third parties such as us. Another factor that impacts the profitability of a securitization transaction is the cost to us of the short-term debt that we use to finance our holdings of mortgage loans or HEIs prior to securitization, which cost is affected by a number of factors including the availability of this type of financing to us, the interest rate on this type of financing, the duration of the financing we incur, and the percentage of our mortgage loans or HEIs for which third parties are willing to provide short-term financing. 
 
 After we acquire or originate mortgage loans or HEIs that we intend to securitize, we can also suffer losses if the value of those loans or HEIs declines prior to securitization. Declines in the value of a mortgage loan, for example, can be due to, among other things, changes in interest rates, changes in the credit quality of the loan, and changes in the projected yields required by investors to invest in securitization transactions. To the extent we seek to hedge against a decline in loan value due to changes in interest rates, there is a cost of hedging that also affects whether a securitization is profitable. Other factors that can significantly affect whether a securitization transaction is profitable to us include the criteria and conditions that rating agencies apply and require when they assign ratings to the asset-backed securities issued in our securitization transactions, including the percentage of asset-backed securities issued in a securitization transaction that the rating agencies will assign a triple-A rating to, which is also referred to as a rating agency subordination level. Rating agency subordination levels can be impacted by numerous factors, including, without limitation, the credit quality of the loans securitized, the geographic distribution of the loans or HEIs to be securitized, and the structure of the securitization transaction and other applicable rating agency criteria. All other factors being equal, the greater the percentage of the mortgage-backed securities issued in a securitization transaction that the rating agencies will assign a triple-A rating to, the more profitable the transaction will be to us. 
 
 The price that investors in asset-backed securities will pay for securities issued in our securitization transactions also has a significant impact on the profitability of the transactions to us, and these prices are impacted by numerous market forces and factors. In addition, the underwriter(s) or placement agent(s) we select for securitization transactions, and the terms of their engagement, can also impact the profitability of our securitization transactions. Also, transaction costs incurred in executing transactions impact the profitability of our securitization transactions and any liability that we may incur, or may be required to reserve for, in connection with executing a transaction can cause a loss to us. To the extent that we are not able to profitably execute future securitizations of residential or business purpose mortgage loans, HEIs, or other assets, including for the reasons described above or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Our past and future loan origination and securitization activities or other past and future business or operating activities or practices could expose us to litigation, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have in the past engaged in or participated in loan origination and securitization transactions relating to residential mortgage loans, business purpose mortgage loans, multifamily mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, HEIs, and other types of assets. In the future we expect to continue to engage in or participate in loan origination and securitization transactions, including, in particular, securitization transactions relating to residential and business purpose mortgage loans and HEIs, and may also engage in other types of securitization transactions or similar transactions. Sequoia securitization entities 
 38 

we sponsor issued ABS under our SEMT label, backed by residential mortgage loans held by these Sequoia entities. Similarly, CoreVest securitization entities (or CAFL entities we sponsor issued ABS under our CAFL label, backed by business purpose mortgage loans held by these CAFL entities. In Acacia securitization transactions we participated in, Acacia securitization entities issued ABS backed by securities and other assets held by these Acacia entities. As a result of declining property values, increasing defaults, changes in interest rates, and other factors, the aggregate cash flows from the loans held by the Sequoia and CAFL entities and the securities and other assets held by the Acacia entities may be insufficient to repay in full the principal amount of ABS issued by these securitization entities. While we are not directly liable for any of the ABS issued by these entities, third parties who hold the ABS issued by these entities may nevertheless try to hold us liable for any losses they experience, including through claims under federal and state securities laws or claims for breaches of representations and warranties we made in connection with engaging in these securitization transactions. Additionally, holders of ABS issued by CAFL entities prior to our acquisition of CoreVest may make claims against us for losses arising from activities that occurred prior to our acquisition. 
 
 For example, as discussed in Note 17 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K, on December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a claim in the Superior Court for the State of Washington against us and our subsidiary, Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. The complaint related in part to residential mortgage-backed securities that were issued by a Sequoia securitization entity and alleged that, at the time of issuance, we, Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. and the underwriters made various misstatements and omissions about these securities in violation of Washington state law. We have also been named in other similar lawsuits and may again be named in such lawsuits in the future. A further discussion of these lawsuits is set forth in Note 17 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For another example, refer to the risk factor below, titled Litigation of the type initiated during 2017 against various trustees of residential mortgage-backed securitization transactions issued prior to financial crisis of 2007-2008 RMBS trustee litigation negatively impacted, and could further negatively impact, the value of securities we hold, could expose us to indemnification claims, and could impact the profitability of our participation in future securitization transactions. 
 
 Transacting in and/or funding HEIs exposes us to new and different risks than our residential mortgage banking activities, including potential uncertainty with respect to licensing or regulatory matters, enforcement, litigation and claims. To the extent HEIs or HEI-related assets are broadly subjected to new or modified form(s) of regulation, regulatory enforcement, litigation or claims, or are recharacterized as loans whether such regulation or claims are initiated by federal, state or local governmental, quasi-governmental or consumer rights organizations, by homeowners themselves, or otherwise we may be unable to continue our HEI transaction volume at current levels (or at all), we may be unable to realize expectations as to revenue or profit from HEI activities or to enforce our rights under HEIs we own, or we could be subjected to civil penalties, fines or damages, any of which might be significant. Any such changes, events, or penalties could materially harm the value of our portfolio of HEIs and HEI-related assets, as well as our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, other aspects of our business operations or practices could also expose us to litigation. In the ordinary course of our business we enter into agreements relating to, among other things, loans we originate and acquire, investments we make, assets and loans we sell, financing transactions, venture capital investments, third parties we retain to provide us with goods and services, and our leased office space. We also regularly enter into confidentiality agreements with third parties under which we receive confidential information. If we breach any of these agreements, we could be subject to claims for damages and related litigation. For example, when we sell whole loans in the secondary market, we are required to make customary representations and warranties about such loans to the loan purchaser. Our mortgage loan sale agreements may require us to repurchase or substitute loans or indemnify investors in the event we breach a representation or warranty made to the loan purchaser. In addition, we may be required to repurchase loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default on a mortgage loan. The remedies available to a purchaser of mortgage loans may be broader than those available to us against the borrower or correspondent. Further, if a purchaser enforces its remedies against us, we may not be able to enforce the remedies we have against the borrower or correspondent seller. Financing for repurchased loans may be limited or unavailable, and may incur a steep discount to their repurchase price from financing counterparties. They are also typically sold at a significant discount to the loan's unpaid principal balance. Significant repurchase activity could harm our business, cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 As a result of past or future actions of our business purpose lending platforms, we may be subject to lender liability claims, and if we are held liable under such claims, we could be subject to losses. A number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We could also be subject to litigation, including class action litigation, or regulatory enforcement action, including enforcement action initiated by the CFPB, relating to residential mortgage servicer performance failing to adhere to requirements governing forbearance and foreclosure as a result of the pandemic or other servicer misconduct. As discussed above under the Risk Factor heading, Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and expect to continue to engage in, securitization transactions relating to real estate mortgage loans and HEIs. In addition, we have invested in 
 39 

and continue to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other ABS issued in securitization transactions sponsored by other companies. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks , the Student Loan ABS Litigation may introduce additional theories of securitization entity liability resulting from third-party servicer misconduct. Additionally, federal regulators under the Biden presidential administration have signaled a renewed focus on fair lending and fair servicing guidelines and practices to identify potential discriminatory loss mitigation and foreclosure practices and hold residential mortgage servicers accountable. We cannot assure investors that such claims will not arise through litigation or regulatory action or that we will not be subject to significant liability if a claim of this type did arise. Additionally, we could be subject to such claims relating to activities that occurred at 5 Arches, CoreVest, and Riverbend prior to, or following, our acquisitions of those platforms. 
 
 We are also subject to various other laws and regulations relating to our business and operations, including, without limitation, privacy laws and regulations and labor and employment laws and regulations, and if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations we could also be subjected to claims for damages, litigation, and regulatory enforcement actions and penalties. In particular, if we fail to maintain the confidentiality of consumers personal or financial information we obtain in the course of our business (such as social security numbers), we could be exposed to losses. A further discussion of some of these risks is set forth in the risk factor titled Maintaining cybersecurity and complying with data privacy laws and regulations are important to our business and a breach of our cybersecurity or a violation of data privacy laws could result in serious harm to our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Defending a lawsuit (whether merited or meritless) can consume significant resources and may divert management s attention from our operations. We may be required to establish or increase reserves for potential losses from litigation, which could be material. To the extent we are unsuccessful in our defense of any lawsuit, we could suffer losses which could be in excess of any reserves established relating to that lawsuit, and these losses could be material. 
 
 Litigation of the type initiated during 2017 against various trustees of residential mortgage-backed securitization transactions issued prior to financial crisis of 2007-2008 RMBS trustee litigation negatively impacted, and could further negatively impact, the value of securities we hold, could expose us to indemnification claims, and could impact the profitability of our participation in future securitization transactions. 
 
 Litigation against RMBS trustees has related to, among other things, claims by certain investors in the RMBS issued in those transactions that the trustees of those transactions breached their obligations to investors by, among other things, not appropriately investigating and pursuing remedies against the originators and servicers of the underlying mortgage loans. We are not a party to any RMBS trustee litigation; however, RMBS trustee litigation has, in the past, negatively impacted the value of certain residential mortgage-backed securities issued prior to the Great Financial Crisis legacy RMBS that were held in our investment portfolio. The value of other legacy RMBS we continue to hold or acquire could be impacted in the future. In particular, trustees of various legacy RMBS transactions that have been the subject of RMBS trustee litigation have withheld funds from investors in the RMBS issued in those transactions by asserting that, pursuant to their indemnification rights against the securitization trusts established under the applicable transaction documents, they are entitled to apply those funds to offset litigation expenses. Further, certain trustees have asserted that their indemnification rights entitle them to withhold large lump sum amounts to hold and apply to anticipated future litigation expenses. Similar holdbacks by trustees of legacy RMBS transactions could result in losses to the value of our portfolio of securities in the future, which losses could be material. 
 
 Our acquisitions of 5 Arches, CoreVest, and Riverbend, or future acquisition targets, could fail to improve our business or result in diminished returns, could expose us to new or increased risks, and could increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 Since 2019, we have completed the acquisitions of three business purpose real estate loan origination platforms, 5 Arches, CoreVest, and Riverbend, all of which we have combined into one platform to originate business purpose loans. In the future, we may engage in additional business acquisition activity. We have also completed strategic investments in, may make additional investments in, or raise or allocate additional capital to fund, internal or third-party residential and business purpose mortgage origination platforms and HEI origination platforms. If we experience challenges related to business acquisitions that we do not anticipate or cannot mitigate, the returns we expected with respect to these investments may not be generated. If our assumptions are wrong, or if market conditions change, we may, as a result, not have capital available for deployment into more profitable businesses and investments. 
 
 Our business purpose loan origination platform is dependent upon conditions in the investor real estate market, and conditions that negatively impact this market may reduce demand for our loans and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our borrowers are primarily owners of residential rental and small multifamily properties, and residential properties for rehabilitation and subsequent resale or rental. Accordingly, the success of our business is closely tied to the overall success of the investors and small business owners in these markets. Various changes in real estate conditions may impact this market. Any negative trends in such real estate conditions may reduce demand for our products and services and, as a result, adversely affect our results of operations. 
 40 

Directly originating mortgage loans could also expose us to increased risks compared to our historical mortgage banking activities, including increased regulation by federal and state authorities, additional and different types of litigation, challenges in effectively integrating operations, failure to maintain effective internal controls, procedures and policies, and other unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisitions or the business of originating mortgage loans. Moreover, in the future, we may originate other housing related investments, including HEIs, which could expose us to similar risks as those described above with respect to originating mortgage loans. Additionally, CoreVest engages in and sponsors securitization transactions under the CAFL label relating to SFR mortgage loans and, more recently, BPL bridge loans, and in connection with the acquisition of CoreVest, we acquired, and we expect to continue to retain, mortgage-backed securities issued in CAFL securitization transactions. These securitization transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks, in the same manner as described in the risk factor titled Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and expect to continue to engage in, securitization transactions relating to real estate mortgage loans. In addition, we have invested in and continue to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other ABS issued in securitization transactions sponsored by other companies. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with our acquisitions of CoreVest, 5 Arches, and Riverbend, a portion of the purchase price of each acquisition was allocated to goodwill and intangible assets. In any future acquisition transaction, a portion of the purchase price may also be allocated to goodwill and intangible assets. The amount of the purchase price which is allocated to goodwill and intangible assets is determined by the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired. Accounting standards require that we test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment at least annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators arise). As a result of the pandemic and its impact on our business, following an impairment assessment, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment expense and wrote down the entire 89 million remaining value of our goodwill asset associated with our acquisitions of 5 Arches and CoreVest in the first quarter of 2020. In conjunction with our assessment of goodwill, we also assessed our intangible assets for impairment at March 31, 2020 and determined they were not impaired. As of December 31, 2022, 23 million of goodwill and 41 million of intangible assets were recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. If, in the future, we determine that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down the value of these assets, as we did with our goodwill asset in 2020, up to the entire balance. Any write-down would have a negative effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our cash balances and cash flows may be insufficient relative to our cash needs. 
 
 We need cash to make interest payments, to post as collateral to counterparties and lenders who provide us with short-term debt financing and who engage in other transactions with us, to fund acquisitions of mortgage loans and HEIs, to fund originations of business purpose loans (including to fund construction-related draws on bridge loans), to fund investment partnerships to which we have committed capital, for working capital, to fund REIT dividend distribution requirements, to comply with financial covenants and regulatory requirements, to fund general and administrative expenses, and for other needs and purposes. We may also need cash to repay short-term borrowings when due or in the event the fair values of assets that serve as collateral for that debt decline, the terms of short-term debt become less attractive, or for other reasons. In addition, we may need to use cash to post in response to margin calls relating to various derivative instruments we hold as the values of these derivatives change. We may also need cash to fund the repayment of outstanding convertible notes and exchangeable securities that mature in 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2027. 
 
 Our sources of cash flow include the principal and interest payments on the loans and securities we own, asset sales, securitizations, short-term borrowings, issuing long-term debt, and issuing stock. Our sources of cash may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash needs. Cash flows from principal repayments could be reduced if prepayments slow or if credit quality deteriorates. For example, for some of our assets, cash flows are locked-out and we receive less than our pro-rata share of principal payment cash flows in the early years of the investment. 
 
 Additionally, the effects of the pandemic have, at times, adversely impacted and could again adversely impact our ability to access debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all. Any disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our ability and mortgage loan borrowers ability to make regular payments of principal and interest e.g. , due to unemployment, underemployment, or reduced income or revenues, including as a result of tenants' inability to make rental payments) or to access savings or capital necessary to fund business operations or replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities. Any of the foregoing circumstances could increase margin calls under our borrowing facilities, affect our ability to meet liquidity, net worth, and leverage covenants under our borrowing facilities or have a material adverse effect on the value of investment assets we hold or our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our minimum dividend distribution requirements could exceed our cash flows if our income as calculated for tax purposes significantly exceeds our net cash flows. This could occur when taxable income (including non-cash income such as discount amortization and interest accrued on negative amortizing loans) exceeds cash flows received. The Internal Revenue Code provides a 
 41 

limited relief provision concerning certain items of non-cash income; however, this provision may not sufficiently reduce our cash dividend distribution requirement. In the event that our liquidity needs exceed our access to liquidity, we may need to sell assets at an inopportune time, thus reducing our earnings. In an adverse cash flow situation, we may not be able to sell assets effectively and our REIT status or our solvency could be threatened. Further discussion of the risk associated with maintaining our REIT status is set forth in the risk factor titled We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and, as such, are required to meet certain tests in order to maintain our REIT status. This adds complexity and costs to running our business and exposes us to additional risks. 
 
 Initiating new business activities or significantly expanding or reorganizing our existing business activities may expose us to new risks, could fail to result in the expected benefits, and could increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 Initiating new business activities or significantly expanding or reorganizing existing business activities, including through acquisitions, corporate structure changes or the forming of new business units or joint ventures, are ways to grow our business, implement our long-term strategy, and respond to changing circumstances in our industry; however, these activities may expose us to new risks and regulatory compliance requirements. We cannot be certain that we will be able to manage these risks and compliance requirements effectively. Furthermore, our efforts may not succeed and any revenues we earn from any new or expanded business initiative or reorganization may not be sufficient to offset the initial and ongoing costs of that initiative or reorganization, which would result in a loss with respect to that initiative or reorganization. 
 
 For example, in recent years, we have announced several new initiatives to expand our mortgage banking and investment activities, including by expanding our mortgage banking activities to include the acquisition and origination of business purpose loans secured by non-owner occupied rental properties and BPL bridge loans, completing the acquisitions of three business purpose real estate loan origination platforms, reorganizing those three acquired origination platforms into a single platform, incorporating blockchain technology into securitization transactions we sponsor, including for reporting purposes and, potentially, the issuance of tokenized digital securities and the issuance of asset-backed securities to decentralized autonomous organizations, and optimizing the size and target returns of our investment portfolio. We have also made investments in subordinate securities backed by re-performing and non-performing residential loans, multifamily securities, HEIs and securities collateralized by HEIs, excess MSR and servicer advance investments collateralized by residential and multifamily loans, a whole loan investment fund created to acquire light-renovation multifamily loans, and a multifamily investment fund to acquire workforce housing properties. Additionally, we have made, and continue to make, early-stage venture capital investments through our RWT Horizons investment platform. In addition, we may pursue initiatives to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives. Further discussion of these business changes is set forth in the risk factor titled Decisions we make about our business strategy and investments, as well as decisions about raising capital or returning capital to shareholders and investors (through dividends or repurchases of common stock, preferred stock, or convertible or other debt), could fail to improve our business and results of operations. 
 
 In connection with initiating new business activities or expanding or reorganizing existing business activities, to support growth or for other business reasons, we may create new subsidiaries or alter or reorganize our corporate structure. Frequently, these subsidiaries would be wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by Redwood, but we may also create or participate in partnerships and joint ventures with third-party co-investors and in those cases, the entities may be partially-owned by Redwood. The creation of those subsidiaries or the implementation of any partnership, joint venture or reorganization may increase our administrative costs and expose us to other legal and reporting obligations, including, for example, because new subsidiaries may be incorporated in states other than Maryland or may be established in a foreign jurisdiction, or new or restructured business activities may be subject to additional regulation. Any new corporate subsidiary we create may (i) elect, together with us, to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary, (ii) elect to be treated as a REIT or (iii) if it is wholly owned by us, otherwise be treated as a qualified REIT subsidiary. Taxable REIT subsidiaries are wholly-owned or partially-owned subsidiaries of a REIT that pay corporate income tax on the income they generate. A taxable REIT subsidiary is not able to deduct its dividends paid to its parent in determining its taxable income and any dividends paid to the parent are generally recognized as income at the parent level. With respect to subsidiaries formed as partnerships or joint ventures with third-party co-investors, we may be a passive partner or investor, or otherwise unable to exert operational control over these subsidiaries, which may expose us to risks associated with the conduct of those in control, including total loss of our investment. 
 
 We regularly evaluate our corporate structure in light of our business activities, opportunities and strategic growth plans. For example, growth and expansion of our mortgage banking platforms may reach a scale that requires our current corporate structure to be altered or reorganized to further support our strategic and business plans. Such alteration or reorganization in our corporate structure may require one or more of our subsidiaries to elect to be taxed as a REIT or as a taxable REIT subsidiary, or to be treated or cease to be treated as a qualified REIT subsidiary. As part of these regular evaluations, we generally compare maintaining our current corporate structure and tax elections to a range of alternatives including creating new subsidiaries, altering our tax elections, participating in partnerships or joint ventures, and various structural changes that would involve the separation of one of more of our business units or segments. Any such alteration or reorganization of our corporate structure or our tax elections could be complex, time consuming, and involve significant initial transaction costs. Additionally, any such alteration or reorganization could expose us to new risks or 
 42 

potential liabilities for failure to meet regulatory or tax-related requirements, including the maintenance of our REIT status. If we were to determine to pursue an alteration or reorganization of our corporate structure, it is not certain that we would be successful in completing it, or if we did, that we would be able to manage any associated new risks, complexities or compliance requirements. Moreover, the evaluation, analysis and strategic planning that originally supported any such alteration or reorganization could fail to result in the expected benefits, including because of changed circumstances or unanticipated risks, or not be sufficient to offset the initial and ongoing costs of pursuing it. Our business and the markets in which we operate are constantly evolving and our efforts to initiate new business activities or significantly expand or reorganize existing business activities, including through acquisitions, structural changes, or the formation or expansion of business units, as ways to grow our business, implement our long-term strategy, and respond to changing circumstances may not be successful and may expose us to new risks and regulatory compliance requirements. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 
 Our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including our executive officers and other business leaders that are part of our management team. To the extent personnel we attempt to hire, or have already hired, are concerned about our recent workforce reductions, or that economic, regulatory, or other factors could impact our ability to maintain or expand our current level of business, it could negatively impact our ability to hire or retain the personnel we need to operate our business. Furthermore, as unemployment rates have decreased and/or stabilized at normal or below-normal levels, the market for attracting and retaining human resources has become increasingly competitive and costly. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain key personnel in line with historical cost levels, or at all. 
 
 Additionally, the effects of the pandemic have, at times, adversely impacted, and may, in the future, adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations due to interrupted service and availability of personnel, and an inability to recruit, attract and retain skilled personnel. To the extent our management teams or personnel are impacted in significant numbers by the pandemic and are not available or allowed to conduct work, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. Moreover, the negative impacts of the pandemic and adverse economic conditions have necessitated reductions in our workforce both recently and in recent years, and additional reductions in our workforce could become necessary if business or economic conditions deteriorate, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the pandemic (or another, similarly disruptive economic or geopolitical event) could negatively impact our ability to ensure operational continuity in the event our business continuity plan is not effective or is ineffectually implemented or deployed during a disruption. 
 
 Because retaining key personnel is central to our future success, we have entered into restrictive covenant agreements with many of our key personnel, which seek to limit their ability to solicit our employees or customers or to compete with us, in each case, for specified periods following any departure from employment with us. These types of restrictive covenants may not be enforceable in certain states or jurisdictions, or may only be enforceable to a limited extent. Recently, the Federal Trade Commission proposed a new rule that would, on a nationwide basis, prohibit employers from imposing non-compete covenants on employees based on a preliminary finding that these types of restrictive covenants constitute an unfair method of competition and therefore violate federal antitrust laws. To the extent these types of non-solicitation and non-competition covenants are not enforceable against employees following any departure from employment with us, our ability to retain key personnel may be diminished and competition for human resources, customers and business may increase, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our technology infrastructure and systems are important and any significant disruption or breach of the security of this infrastructure or these systems could have an adverse effect on our business. We also rely on technology infrastructure and systems of third parties who provide services to us and with whom we transact business. 
 
 We are dependent on the secure, efficient, and uninterrupted operation of our technology infrastructure, as well as those of certain third parties and affiliates upon which we rely, including computer systems, hardware, related software applications and data centers. The websites and computer/telecommunications networks we rely upon must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver frequently updated information, the accuracy and timeliness of which is critical to our business. Our technology and the technology of our service providers must be able to facilitate loan application and loan acquisition experiences that equal or exceed the experience provided by our competitors. We also regularly undertake software development work, conducted either internally or in consultation and with the assistance of third-party individuals or organizations, to improve our technologies, operational efficiency, and customer or end-user experiences. These projects can be time- and resource-consuming and expensive, may experience significant delays, and ultimately may not result in the enhancements, improvements, or efficiencies we expected or forecasted at the outset. Any significant cost overruns, delays, or failures of critical technology projects could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 43 

In addition, we rely on our computer hardware and software systems in order to analyze, acquire, and manage our investments, manage the operations and risks associated with our business, assets, and liabilities, and prepare our financial statements. Some of these systems are located at our offices and some are maintained by third-party vendors or located at facilities maintained by third parties. We also rely on technology infrastructure and systems of third parties who provide services to us and with whom we transact business. Any significant interruption in the availability or functionality of these systems could impair our access to liquidity, damage our reputation, and have an adverse effect on our operations and on our ability to timely and accurately report our financial results. 
 
 We have or may in the future experience service disruptions and failures caused by system or software failure, fire, power outages, telecommunications failures, team member misconduct, human error, computer hackers, computer viruses and disabling devices, malicious or destructive code, denial of service or information, as well as natural disasters, pandemic or outbreak of epidemic disease, and other similar events, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all situations. For example, in response to the pandemic in March 2020, we shifted to having most of our team members work remotely, with team members remotely accessing our secure networks through their home networks. Many of our employees, depending on their role and job functions, continue to work remotely on a hybrid basis and some on a full-time basis, and our security protocols for remote work may prove to be inadequate to prevent unauthorized access or disruption to information systems. The implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrate new technology systems may also cause service interruptions. Prolonged outages in our or third parties systems upon which we rely may not have a suitable backup or workaround. Any such disruption could interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our loan sellers, loan applicants or other customers, counterparties or constituents, and could also impair the ability of third parties to provide critical services to us. 
 
 In addition, any breach of the security of these systems could have an adverse effect on our operations and the preparation of our financial statements. Steps we have taken to provide for the security of our systems and data may not effectively prevent others from obtaining improper access to our systems or data. Improper access could expose us to risks of data loss or the unavailability of key systems, reputational damage, increased regulatory scrutiny and/or fines/penalties, fraud, litigation, and liabilities to third parties, and otherwise disrupt our operations. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factor titled Maintaining cybersecurity and complying with data privacy laws and regulations are important to our business and a breach of our cybersecurity or a violation of data privacy laws could result in serious harm to our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 We may not be able to make technological improvements as quickly as demanded by our loan sellers and borrowers, which could harm our ability to attract loan sellers and borrowers and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial and lending institutions to better serve clients and reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our loans sellers and borrowers by using technology, such as mobile and online services, to provide products and services that will satisfy demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services as quickly as competitors or be successful in marketing these products and services to our loan sellers and borrowers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could harm our ability to attract investors, or loan sellers and borrowers, and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements, or misrepresentations. While management continues to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, particularly material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting which have occurred or which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our financial results or other reportable metrics (for example, disclosure of ESG-related metrics), restatements of our financial statements, a decline in our stock price, or an otherwise material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial results, or liquidity and could cause investors and creditors to lose confidence in our reported financial results. 
 
 44 

Our risk management efforts may not be effective. 
 
 We could incur substantial losses and our business operations could be disrupted if we are unable to effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate financial risks, such as credit risk, interest-rate risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, and other market-related risks, as well as operational risks related to our business, assets, and liabilities, such as mortgage operations risk, legal and compliance risk, human resources-related risk, climate-related risk, data privacy, cybersecurity and technology-related risk, and financial reporting risk. Our risk management policies, procedures, and techniques may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks we are exposed to, mitigate the risks we have identified for mitigation, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Expansion of our business activities, including through acquisitions, generally also results in our being exposed to risks that we have not previously been exposed to or may increase our exposure to certain types of risks and we may not effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate these risks as our business activity changes or increases. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factor titled Initiating new business activities or significantly expanding existing business activities may expose us to new risks and will increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 We could be harmed by misconduct or fraud that is difficult to detect. 
 
 We are exposed to risks relating to misconduct by our employees, contractors we use, or other third parties with whom we have relationships. For example, our employees could execute unauthorized transactions, use our assets improperly or without authorization, compromise our physical or technological security, perform improper activities, use confidential information for improper purposes, or mis-record or otherwise try to hide improper activities from us. This type of misconduct could also relate to loan administration or other services that we provide for others. This type of misconduct can be difficult to detect and if not prevented or detected could result in claims or enforcement actions against us or losses. Accordingly, misconduct by employees, contractors, or others could subject us to losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Our controls may not be effective in detecting this type of activity. 
 
 Inadvertent errors, including, for example, errors in the implementation of information technology systems, could subject us to financial loss, litigation, or regulatory action. 
 
 Our employees, contractors we use, and other third parties with whom we have relationships may make inadvertent errors, or fall prey to social engineering attacks or other fraud schemes, that could subject us to financial losses, claims, or enforcement actions. These types of errors could include, but are not limited to, mistakes in executing, recording, or reporting transactions we enter into for ourselves or with respect to assets we manage for others, or mistakes related to settling payment or funding obligations, including with respect to wire transfers. Although we have policies and procedures in place that seek to mitigate these risks, including risks related to wire transfers, we have experienced fraudulent and erroneous activity in our business operations and have incurred financial losses related to such activity. Errors in the implementation of information technology systems, compliance systems and procedures, or other operational systems and procedures could also interrupt our business or subject us to financial losses, claims, or enforcement actions. Errors could also result in the inadvertent disclosure of mortgage-borrower or consumer non-public personal information. Inadvertent errors expose us to the risk of material losses. The risk of errors may be greater for business activities that are new for us or have non-standardized terms, for areas of our business that we have rapidly expanded or are in the process of expanding, or for areas of our business that rely on new employees or on third parties with whom we have only recently established relationships. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factors titled Maintaining cybersecurity and complying with data privacy laws and regulations are important to our business and a breach of our cybersecurity or a violation of data privacy laws could result in serious harm to our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results and Our technology infrastructure and systems are important and any significant disruption or breach of the security of this infrastructure or these systems could have an adverse effect on our business. We also rely on technology infrastructure and systems of third parties who provide services to us and with whom we transact business. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected if our reputation is harmed. 
 
 Our business is subject to significant reputational risks. If we fail, or appear to fail, to address various issues that may affect our reputation, our business could be harmed. Issues could include real or perceived legal or regulatory violations or could be the result of a failure in governance, inability to achieve environmental-, social-, or governance- ESG- related aspirations or a failure to accurately report associated metrics, risk-management, technology, or operations. Similarly, market rumors and actual or perceived association with counterparties whose own reputation is under question could harm our business. Lawsuits brought against us (or the resolution of lawsuits brought against us), claims of employee misconduct, claims of wrongful termination, adverse publicity, conflicts of interest, ethical issues, or failure to maintain the security of our information technology systems or to protect non-public personal information could also cause significant reputational damage. Such reputational damage could result not only in an immediate financial loss, but could also result in a loss of business relationships, the ability to raise capital, the ability to recruit and retain human resources, and the ability to access liquidity through borrowing facilities. 
 45 

Our financial results are determined and reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (and related conventions and interpretations), or GAAP, and are based on estimates and assumptions made in accordance with those principles, conventions, and interpretations. Furthermore, the amount of dividends we are required to distribute as a REIT is driven by the determination of our income in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code rather than GAAP. 
 
 Our reported GAAP financial results differ from the taxable income results that drive our dividend distribution requirements and, therefore, our GAAP results may not be an accurate indicator of taxable income and dividend distributions. 
 
 Generally, the cumulative income we report relating to an investment asset will be the same for GAAP and tax purposes, although the timing of this recognition over the life of the asset could be materially different. There are, however, certain permanent differences in the recognition of certain expenses under the respective accounting principles applied for GAAP and tax purposes and these differences could be material. Thus, the amount of GAAP earnings reported in any given period may not be indicative of future dividend distributions to holders of our common stock. 
 
 Our minimum dividend distribution requirements are determined under the REIT tax laws and are based on our REIT taxable income as calculated for tax purposes pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Our Board of Directors may also decide to distribute more dividends than required based on these determinations. One should not expect that our retained GAAP earnings will equal cumulative distributions, as the Board of Directors dividend distribution decisions, permanent differences in GAAP and tax accounting, and even temporary differences may result in material differences in these balances. 
 
 Over time, accounting principles, conventions, rules, and interpretations change, which could affect our reported GAAP and taxable earnings and stockholders equity. 
 
 Accounting rules for the various aspects of our business change from time to time. Changes in GAAP, or the accepted interpretation of these accounting principles, can affect our reported income, earnings, and stockholders equity. In addition, changes in tax accounting rules or the interpretations thereof could affect our taxable income and our dividend distribution requirements. Predicting and planning for these changes can be difficult. 
 
 The future realization of our deferred tax assets is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against our deferred tax assets may change materially in future periods. 
 
 We currently have significant net deferred tax assets DTAs primarily resulting from net operating loss NOL carryforwards, capital loss carryforwards, and tax-deductible goodwill that are available to reduce taxes attributable to potential taxable income in future periods. Total net DTAs, for which a valuation allowance has not been established, were 42 million as of December 31, 2022. Realization of our DTAs is dependent on many factors, including generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of NOL carryforwards and generating sufficient capital gains in future periods prior to the expiration of capital loss carryforwards. To the extent we determine, in accordance with GAAP, that it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize a deferred tax asset, then we would establish a valuation allowance, which would reduce the value of our DTAs. At December 31, 2022, we reported net federal ordinary and capital DTAs with no material valuation allowance recorded against them. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to believe it was more likely than not that we would realize all of our federal deferred tax assets; therefore, there was no valuation allowance recorded against our net federal DTAs. As we experienced GAAP losses during 2022, we evaluated the realizability of our DTAs and will reassess the need for a valuation allowance, in whole or in part, in connection with subsequent reporting periods. This evaluation will be based on all available evidence, including assumptions concerning future taxable income and capital gains income and our ability to rely on these assumptions considering our earnings in recent periods. As a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in the period including such change. If, based on available evidence, we conclude that it is not more likely than not that our DTAs will be realized, then a valuation allowance would be established with corresponding charges to GAAP earnings and book value per share. Such charges could cause a material reduction, up to the full value of our net DTAs (for which a valuation allowance has not previously been established), to our GAAP earnings and book value per share for the quarterly and annual periods in which they are established and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial results, or liquidity. 

46 

Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Matters Affecting our Industry 
 Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could have an adverse impact on the U.S. housing market, mortgage finance markets, and our business. 
 
 From time to time, U.S. federal, state, and local governments make substantive changes to income tax laws, rules and regulations impacting the housing market, mortgage finance markets, and/or our business. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted in 2017, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, reduced for individuals the annual residential mortgage-interest deduction for purchase money mortgage debt, as well as eliminated for individuals the deduction for interest with respect to home equity indebtedness. Changes such as these, or other unknown or unknowable future changes to income tax laws and regulations, could adversely impact home prices, liquidity among mortgage borrowers, borrower delinquencies, market values of mortgages, mortgage-backed securities, HEIs, or other housing or mortgage-related assets, origination volumes or our volume of business activity, and other aspects of the markets within which we operate, all of which could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 
 State and/or local rent control or rent stabilization regulations may reduce the value of single-family rental or multifamily properties collateralizing mortgage loans we own, or those underlying the securities or other investments we own. As a result, the value of these types of mortgage loans, securities, and other investments may be negatively impacted, which impacts could be material. 
 
 Numerous counties and municipalities, including those in which certain of the properties securing single-family rental and multifamily mortgage loans we own, or those underlying the securities or other investments we own, are located, impose rent control or rent stabilization rules on apartment buildings and other rental housing. These ordinances may limit rent increases to fixed percentages, to percentages of increases in the consumer price index, to increases set or approved by a governmental agency, or to increases determined through mediation or binding arbitration. In some jurisdictions, including, for example, New York City, many apartment buildings are subject to rent stabilization and some units are subject to rent control. These regulations, among other things, may limit the ability of single-family rental and multifamily property owners who have borrowed money (including in the form of mortgage debt) to finance their property or properties to raise rents above specified percentages. Any limitations on a borrower s ability to raise property rents may impair such borrower s ability to repair or renovate the mortgaged property, repay its mortgage loan or, in the case of a fixed cap on increases, keep pace with a rise in inflation. 
 
 Some states, counties and municipalities have imposed or may impose in the future stricter rent control regulations. For example, in 2019, the New York State Senate passed the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act of 2019 (the HSTP Act ), which, among other things, limits the ability of landlords to increase rents in rent stabilized apartments in New York State at the time of lease renewal and after a vacancy. The HSTP Act also limits potential rent increases for major capital improvements and for individual apartment improvements in such rent stabilized apartments. In addition, the HSTP Act permits certain qualified localities in the State of New York to implement the rent stabilization system. In addition, the California State Assembly passed Assembly Bill 1482 AB 1482 ), which, among other things, will prevent landlords in California from increasing the gross rental rate by more than 5 plus the percentage change in the cost of living in any 12-month period and require landlords to have just cause when evicting a tenant that has continuously and lawfully occupied a residential property for 12 months. Such just cause may include, among other things, the failure to pay rent, causing damage or destruction to the property, and assigning or subletting the premises in violation of the tenant s lease. In addition, the Oregon State House passed Senate Bill 608 SB 608 ), which, among other things, will limit rent increases to 7 each year, in addition to inflation, and would, in most cases, require landlords to provide notice and give a reason for evicting tenants. The HSTP Act, AB 1482 or SB 608, or similar legislative or regulatory actions, may reduce the value of the single-family rental and multifamily properties collateralizing mortgage loans we own, or those underlying the securities or other investments we own, that are located in the States of New York, California, Oregon, or elsewhere, that are subject to the applicable rent control regulations. The value of SFR and multifamily mortgage loans, securities, and other investments we own may be negatively impacted by rent control or rent stabilization laws, regulations, or ordinances, which impacts may be material. 
 
 47 

We may not be able to obtain or maintain the governmental licenses or registrations required to operate our business and we may fail to comply with various state and federal laws and regulations applicable to our business, including, for example, our business of acquiring residential mortgage loans and servicing rights and originating business purpose real estate loans. We are approved to service residential mortgage loans sold to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and failure to maintain our status as an approved servicer could harm our business. 
 
 While we are not required to obtain licenses to purchase mortgage-backed securities, the purchase of residential and business purpose mortgage loans in the secondary market, and the origination of business purpose loans, as well as the securitization of these assets, may, in some circumstances, either now or in the future, require us to maintain various state licenses. Acquiring the right to service residential mortgage loans and certain business purpose mortgage loans may also, in some circumstances, require us to maintain various state licenses even though we currently do not expect to directly engage in loan servicing ourselves. In addition, our HEI transaction and funding activity may, in some circumstances, either now or in the future, require us to obtain or maintain various state licenses. In addition, initiatives we may pursue to form joint ventures or investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs or other assets from us or from other sources and to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives may require us to register as an investment advisor with federal or state regulatory authorities. As a result, we could be delayed in conducting certain business if we were first required to obtain a federal or state license or registration. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain all of the licenses we need or that we would not experience significant delays in obtaining or maintaining these licenses. Furthermore, once licenses are issued we are required to comply with various information reporting and other regulatory requirements to maintain those licenses, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements or other regulatory requirements applicable to our business of acquiring mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. Our failure to obtain or maintain required licenses or our failure to comply with regulatory requirements that are applicable to our business of acquiring or originating mortgage loans may restrict our business and investment options and could harm our business and expose us to penalties or other claims. 
 
 For example, under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB also has regulatory authority over certain aspects of our business as a result of our residential mortgage banking activities, including, without limitation, authority to bring an enforcement action against us for failure to comply with regulations promulgated by the CFPB that are applicable to our business. One of the CFPB s areas of focus has been on whether companies like Redwood take appropriate steps to ensure that business arrangements with service providers do not present risks to consumers. The sub-servicers we retain to directly service residential mortgage loans (when we own the associated MSRs) are among our most significant service providers with respect to our residential mortgage banking activities and our failure to take steps to ensure that these sub-servicers are servicing these residential mortgage loans in accordance with applicable law and regulation could result in enforcement action by the CFPB against us that could restrict our business, expose us to penalties or other claims, negatively impact our financial results, and damage our reputation. Furthermore, failure of sub-servicers who service securitized loans could result in the associated securitization entity being held liable for the sub-servicer s actions, which could result in losses to us, including as a result of a reduction in the value of mortgage securities issued by such entities that we hold as investments. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factor titled Through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries we have engaged in the past, and expect to continue to engage in, securitization transactions relating to real estate mortgage loans and HEIs. In addition, we have invested in and continue to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other ABS issued in securitization transactions sponsored by other companies. These types of transactions and investments expose us to potentially material risks . 
 
 As another example, rules under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) that took effect in January 2018 impose expanded data collection requirements and additional reporting obligations on mortgage lenders and purchasers of residential mortgage loans. The expanded data collection requirements may result in a higher frequency of data errors, which in turn could be perceived by regulators as an indication of inadequate controls and poor compliance processes, and could lead to monetary civil penalties. Additionally, the availability of increased amounts of data may increase regulatory scrutiny of our mortgage loan purchasing patterns or our data security practices. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and other Federal and state laws and regulations that apply to certain of our investment and business activities, include consumer protections relating to discrimination, abusive and deceptive practices, and other consumer-related matters. To the extent these laws and regulations apply to us, our failure to comply with them, even if not intentional, could give rise to liabilities, fines, and remediation requirements, which could be material. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could also result from our, or an advisor s, incorrect conclusion that certain aspects of our investment and business activities are not subject to certain laws or regulations. 
 
 In addition, we are a servicer approved to service residential mortgage loans sold to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. As an approved servicer, we are required to conduct certain aspects of our operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. Failure to maintain our status as an approved servicer would mean we would not be able to service mortgage loans for these entities, or could otherwise restrict our business and investment options and could harm our business and expose us to losses or other claims. 
 
 48 

With respect to mortgage loans we own, or which we have purchased and subsequently sold, we may be subject to liability for potential violations of the CFPB s TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule (also referred to as TRID or other similar consumer protection laws and regulations, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 
 Federal consumer protection laws and regulations have been enacted and promulgated that are designed to regulate residential mortgage loan underwriting and originators lending processes, standards, and disclosures to borrowers. These laws and regulations include the CFPB s TRID , ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage regulations. In addition, there are various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations that are intended to discourage predatory lending practices by residential mortgage loan originators. For example, the federal Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 (HOEPA) prohibits inclusion of certain provisions in residential mortgage loans that have mortgage rates or origination costs in excess of prescribed levels and requires that borrowers be given certain disclosures prior to origination. Some states have enacted, or may enact, similar laws or regulations, which in some cases may impose restrictions and requirements greater than those in place under federal laws and regulations. In addition, under the anti-predatory lending laws of some states, the origination of certain residential mortgage loans, including loans that are classified as high cost loans under applicable law, must satisfy a net tangible benefits test with respect to the borrower. This test, as well as certain standards set forth in the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage regulations, may be highly subjective and open to interpretation. In particular, the CFPB's "qualified mortgage" regulations were in a transition phase that began on March 1, 2021 and ended on October 1, 2022, during which both the current regulations and updated "qualified mortgage" regulations were in effect, which may result in interpretive and implementation questions and challenges. As a result, a court may determine that a residential mortgage loan did not meet the standard or test even if the originator reasonably believed such standard or test had been satisfied. Failure of residential mortgage loan originators or servicers to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of these loans (or as an investor in securities backed by these loans), to monetary penalties and defenses to foreclosure, including by recoupment or setoff of finance charges and fees collected, and could result in rescission of the affected residential mortgage loans, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. The CFPB may revisit whether additional updates should be made to regulations, and any such updates could negatively impact our residential mortgage banking business. 
 
 Environmental protection laws that apply to properties that secure or underlie our loan and investment portfolio could result in losses to us. We may also be exposed to environmental liabilities with respect to properties of which we become direct or indirect owners or to which we take title, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Under the laws of several states, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure recovery of the cleanup costs. In certain of these states, such a lien has priority over the lien of an existing mortgage against the property, which could impair the value of an investment in a security we own backed by such a property or could reduce the value of such a property that underlies loans we have made or own. In addition, under the laws of some states and under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, we may be liable for costs of addressing releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances that require remedy at a property securing or underlying a loan we hold if our agents or employees have become sufficiently involved in the hazardous waste aspects of the operations of the borrower of that loan, regardless of whether or not the environmental damage or threat was caused by us or the borrower. 
 
 In the course of our business, we may take title to real estate or otherwise become direct or indirect owners of real estate, including in the event of foreclosure on mortgage loans, in exercising rights and remedies available to us under HEIs we own, and through our participation in an investment fund to acquire workforce housing properties. If we do take title, and when we are a direct or indirect owner, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to the property, including liability to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation, and clean-up costs. In addition, we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we ever become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 49 

Risks Related to Redwood's Capital, REIT and Legal/Organizational Structure 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and, as such, are required to meet certain tests in order to maintain our REIT status. This adds complexity and costs to running our business and exposes us to additional risks. 
 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect our net income and dividend distributions and could adversely affect the value of our stock. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for all tax years since 1994. However, many of the requirements for qualification as a REIT are highly technical and complex and require an analysis of particular facts and an application of the legal requirements to those facts in situations where there is only limited judicial and administrative guidance. Thus, we cannot assure you that the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or a court would agree with our conclusion that we have qualified as a REIT historically, or that changes to our investments or business or the law will not cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT in the future. Furthermore, in an environment where assets may quickly change in value, previous planning for compliance with REIT qualification rules may be disrupted. If we failed to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and did not meet the requirements for statutory relief, we would be subject to federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income. In such a case, we may need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay the taxes due, even if the market conditions are not favorable for such sales or borrowings. In addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would not be permitted to elect to be taxed as a REIT for four years thereafter. Failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect our dividend distributions and could adversely affect the value of our stock. 
 
 Maintaining REIT status and avoiding the generation of excess inclusion income at Redwood Trust, Inc. and certain of our subsidiaries may reduce our flexibility and could limit our ability to pursue certain opportunities. Failure to appropriately structure our business and transactions to comply with laws and regulations applicable to REITs could have adverse consequences. 
 
 To maintain REIT status, we must follow certain rules and meet certain tests. In doing so, our flexibility to manage our operations may be reduced. For instance: 
 Compliance with the REIT income and asset rules, or uncertainty about the application of those rules to certain investments, may result in our holding investments in our taxable REIT subsidiaries (where any income they produce is subject to corporate-level taxation) when we would prefer to hold those investments in an entity that is taxed as a REIT (where they generally would not be subject to corporate-level taxation). 
 Compliance with the REIT income and asset rules may limit the type or extent of financing or hedging that we can undertake. 
 Our ability to own non-real estate assets and earn non-real estate related income is limited, and the rules for classifying assets and income are complicated. Our ability to own equity interests in other entities is also limited. If we fail to comply with these limits, we may be forced to liquidate attractive investments on short notice on unfavorable terms in order to maintain our REIT status. 
 We generally use taxable REIT subsidiaries to own non-real estate assets and engage in activities that may give rise to non-real estate related income under the REIT rules. However, our ability to invest in taxable REIT subsidiaries is limited under the REIT rules. No more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. Maintaining compliance with this limit could require us to constrain the growth of our taxable REIT subsidiaries (and the business and investing activities they conduct) in the future. 
 Meeting minimum REIT dividend distribution requirements could reduce our liquidity. We may earn non-cash REIT taxable income due to timing and/or character mismatches between the computation of our income for tax and accounting purposes. Earning non-cash REIT taxable income could necessitate our selling assets, incurring debt, or raising new equity in order to fund dividend distributions. 
 We could be viewed as a dealer with respect to certain transactions and become subject to a 100 prohibited transaction tax or other entity-level taxes on income from such transactions. 
 Furthermore, the rules we must follow and the tests we must satisfy to maintain our REIT status may change, or the interpretation of these rules and tests by the IRS may change. 
 50 

In addition, our stated goal has been to not generate excess inclusion income at Redwood Trust, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries that would be taxable as unrelated business taxable income UBTI to our tax-exempt shareholders. Achieving this goal has limited, and may continue to limit, our flexibility in pursuing certain transactions or has resulted in, and may continue to result in, our having to pursue certain transactions through a taxable REIT subsidiary, which would reduce the net returns on these transactions by the associated tax liabilities payable by such subsidiary. Despite our efforts to do so, we may not be able to avoid creating or distributing UBTI to our common and preferred shareholders. 
 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per-share trading price of our stock. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year (excluding any net capital gains), and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our net capital gains, and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. To maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes. For example, we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on mortgage loans, MBS, and other types of debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on such assets. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of our preferred stock or common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our stock. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs, including us, generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends paid by domestic non-REIT corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trust or estates is generally 20 . Although dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate (subject to limited exceptions), such stockholders may deduct up to 20 of ordinary dividends from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of shares of REITs, including the shares of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 The failure of mezzanine loans or mortgage loans, MBS, or HEIs subject to a repurchase agreement to qualify as real estate assets would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 When we enter into short-term financing arrangements in the form of repurchase agreements, we will sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets (including, for example, mortgage loans, MBS, or HEIs). We believe that we will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such agreements notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 In addition, we have and may continue to acquire mezzanine loans. Mezzanine loans are loans secured by equity interests in a partnership or limited liability company that directly or indirectly owns real estate. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor pursuant to which a mezzanine loan, if it meets each of the requirements contained in the Revenue Procedure, will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. We believe that the mezzanine loans that we have treated as real estate assets generally met all of the requirements for reliance on this safe harbor. However, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the tax treatment of these mezzanine loans, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay a penalty tax or fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 51 

Changes in tax rules could adversely affect REITs and could adversely affect the value of our stock. 
 
 The rules addressing federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Any future changes in the regulations or tax laws applicable to REITs or to mortgage-related financial products could negatively impact our operations or reduce any competitive advantages we may have relative to non-REIT entities, either of which could reduce the value of our stock. 
 
 The application of the tax laws to our business is complicated, and we may not interpret and apply some of the rules and regulations correctly. In addition, we may not make all available elections, which could result in our not being able to fully benefit from available deductions or benefits. Furthermore, the elections, interpretations and applications we do make could be deemed by the IRS to be incorrect and could have adverse impacts on our GAAP earnings and potentially on our REIT status. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Code may change and/or the interpretation of the rules and regulations by the IRS may change. In circumstances where the application of these rules and regulations affecting our business is not clear, we may have to interpret them and their application to us. We seek the advice of outside tax advisors in arriving at these interpretations, but our interpretations may prove to be wrong, which could have adverse consequences. 
 
 Our tax payments and dividend distributions, which are intended to meet the REIT distribution requirements, are based in large part on our estimate of taxable income, which includes the application and interpretation of a variety of tax rules and regulations. While there are some relief provisions should we incorrectly interpret certain rules and regulations, we may not be able to fully take advantage of these provisions, and this could have an adverse effect on our REIT status. In addition, our GAAP earnings include tax provisions and benefits based on our estimates of taxable income and should our estimates prove to be wrong, we could have to make an adjustment to our tax provisions and this adjustment could be material. To the extent we hold deferred tax assets, changes in the outlook on our ability to fully realize such deferred tax assets may necessitate the recording of a valuation allowance against them with corresponding charges to GAAP earnings and book value per share, and such charges could be material. Further discussion is set forth in the risk factor titled The future realization of our deferred tax assets is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against our deferred tax assets may change materially in future periods . 
 
 Our decisions about raising, managing, and distributing our capital may adversely affect our business and financial results. Furthermore, our growth may be limited if we are not able to raise additional capital. 
 
 We are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income as dividends to shareholders. Thus, we do not generally have the ability to retain all of the earnings generated by our REIT and, to a large extent, we rely on our ability to raise capital to grow. We may raise capital through the issuance of new shares of our common stock, either through our direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan or through public or private offerings. We may also raise capital by issuing (through public or private offerings) other types of securities, such as preferred stock (for example, the issuance of 10.00 Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A preferred stock we completed in January 2023). As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 281.5 million unissued shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our charter (although approximately 87 million of these shares were reserved for issuance under our equity compensation plans, dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, ATM offering program, outstanding convertible notes and exchangeable notes). The number of our unissued shares of stock authorized for issuance establishes a limit on the amount of capital we can raise through issuances of shares of stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of stock, unless we seek and receive approval from our shareholders to increase the authorized number of our shares in our charter. Also, certain stock change of ownership tests may limit our ability to raise significant amounts of equity capital or could limit our future use of tax losses to offset income tax obligations if we raise significant amounts of equity capital. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to raise capital at times when we need capital or see opportunities to invest capital. Many of the same factors that could make the pricing for investments in real estate loans, securities, and other housing and mortgage-related assets attractive, such as the availability of assets from distressed owners who need to liquidate them at reduced prices, and uncertainty about credit risk, housing, and the economy, may limit investors and lenders willingness to provide us with additional capital on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. There may be other reasons we are not able to raise capital and, as a result, may not be able to finance growth in our business and in our portfolio of assets. If we are unable to raise capital and expand our business and our portfolio of investments, our growth may be limited, we may have to forgo attractive business and investment opportunities, and our general and administrative expenses may increase significantly relative to our capital base. Alternatively, we may need to raise capital on unfavorable terms, which may lead to greater dilution of existing holders of our preferred stock or common stock, higher interest costs, or higher transaction costs. 
 
 52 

To the extent we have capital that is available for investment, we have broad discretion over how to invest that capital and our shareholders and other investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding its use. To the extent we invest capital in our business or in portfolio assets, we may not be successful in achieving favorable returns. 
 
 Conducting our business in a manner so that we are exempt from registration under, and in compliance with, the Investment Company Act may reduce our flexibility and could limit our ability to pursue certain opportunities. At the same time, failure to continue to qualify for exemption from the Investment Company Act could adversely affect us. 
 
 Under the Investment Company Act, an investment company is required to register with the SEC and is subject to extensive restrictive and potentially adverse regulations relating to, among other things, operating methods, management, capital structure, dividends, and transactions with affiliates. However, companies primarily engaged in the business of acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate are generally exempt from the requirements of the Investment Company Act. We believe that we have conducted our business so that we are not subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act. In order to continue to do so, however, Redwood and each of our subsidiaries must either operate so as to fall outside the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act or satisfy its own exclusion under the Investment Company Act. For example, to avoid being defined as an investment company, an entity may limit its ownership or holdings of investment securities to less than 40 of its total assets. In order to satisfy an exclusion from being defined as an investment company, other entities, among other things, maintain at least 55 of their assets in certain qualifying real estate assets (the 55 Requirement) and also maintain an additional 25 of their assets in such qualifying real estate assets or certain other types of real estate-related assets (the 25 Requirement). Rapid changes in the values of assets we own, however, can disrupt prior efforts to conduct our business to meet these requirements. 
 
 If Redwood or one of our subsidiaries fell within the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act and failed to qualify for an exclusion or exemption, including, for example, if it was required to and failed to meet the 55 Requirement or the 25 Requirement, it could, among other things, be required either (i) to change the manner in which it conducts operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company or (ii) to register as an investment company, either of which could adversely affect us by, among other things, requiring us to dispose of certain assets or to change the structure of our business in ways that we may not believe to be in our best interests. Legislative or regulatory changes relating to the Investment Company Act or which affect our efforts to qualify for exclusions or exemptions, including our ability to comply with the 55 Requirement and the 25 Requirement, could also result in these adverse effects on us. 
 
 If we were deemed an unregistered investment company, we could be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief, we could be unable to enforce contracts with third parties, and third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period we were deemed to be an unregistered investment company. 
 
 Provisions in our charter and bylaws and provisions of Maryland law may limit a change in control or deter a takeover that might otherwise result in a premium price being paid to our shareholders for their shares in Redwood. 
 
 In order to maintain our status as a REIT, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities). In order to protect us against the risk of losing our status as a REIT due to concentration of ownership among our shareholders and for other reasons, our charter generally prohibits any single shareholder, or any group of affiliated shareholders, from beneficially owning (as defined in the charter) more than 9.8 of the outstanding shares of any class of our stock, unless our Board of Directors waives or modifies this ownership limit. In addition, our articles supplementary for the Series A preferred stock generally prohibits any person from beneficially owning or constructively owning (as such terms are defined in the articles supplementary) shares of the Series A preferred stock in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of the Series A preferred stock, unless our Board of Directors waives or modifies this ownership limit. These limitations may have the effect of precluding an acquisition of control of us by a third party without the consent of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has granted a limited number of waivers to institutional investors to own shares of our common stock in excess of this 9.8 limit, which waivers are subject to certain terms and conditions. Our Board of Directors may amend these existing waivers to permit additional share ownership or may grant waivers to additional shareholders at any time. 
 
 Certain other provisions contained in our charter and bylaws and in the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us and may therefore inhibit a change in control. For example, our charter includes provisions granting our Board of Directors the authority to issue preferred stock from time to time, such as the issuance of Series A preferred stock we completed in January 2023 or future preferred stock transaction(s), and to establish the terms, preferences, and rights of the preferred stock without the approval of our shareholders. Provisions in our charter and the MGCL also restrict our shareholders ability to remove directors and fill vacancies on our Board of Directors and restrict unsolicited share acquisitions. These provisions and others may deter offers to acquire our stock or large blocks of our stock upon terms attractive to our 
 53 

shareholders, thereby limiting the opportunity for shareholders to receive a premium for their shares over then-prevailing market prices. 
 
 The ability to take action against our directors and officers is limited by our charter and bylaws and provisions of Maryland law and we may (or, in some cases, are obligated to) indemnify our current and former directors and officers against certain losses relating to their service to us. 
 
 Our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and to shareholders for pecuniary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law. In addition, our charter and bylaws can require us to indemnify our officers and directors (and those of our subsidiaries and affiliates) to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party because of his or her service to us. In addition, we have entered into, and may in the future enter into, indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers and with the directors and certain of the officers of certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, which agreements obligate us to indemnify these parties against certain losses relating to their service to us, or to our subsidiaries or affiliates, and the related costs of defense. 
 
 Other Risks Related to Ownership of Our Capital Stock 
 Investing in our stock may involve a high degree of risk. Investors in our stock may experience losses, volatility, and poor liquidity, and we may reduce our dividends in a variety of circumstances. 
 
 An investment in our stock may involve a high degree of risk, particularly when compared to other types of investments. Risks related to the economy, the financial markets, our industry, our investing activity, our other business activities, our financial results, the amount of dividends we distribute, the manner in which we conduct our business, and the way we have structured our operations could result in a reduction in, or the elimination of, the value of our stock. The level of risk associated with an investment in our stock may not be suitable for the risk tolerance of many investors. Investors may experience volatile returns and material losses. In addition, the trading volume of our stock i.e. , its liquidity) may be insufficient to allow investors to sell their stock when they want to or at a price they consider reasonable. 
 
 Our earnings, cash flows, book value, and dividends can be volatile and difficult to predict. Investors in our stock should not rely on our estimates, projections, or predictions, or on management s beliefs about future events. In particular, the sustainability of our earnings and our cash flows will depend on numerous factors, including our level of business and investment activity, our access to debt and equity financing, the returns we earn, the amount and timing of credit losses, prepayments, the expense of running our business, and other factors, including the risk factors described herein. Additionally, our preferred stock has a preference on dividend payment and liquidating distributions that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. As a consequence, although we seek to pay regular stock dividends that are sustainable, we may reduce our common stock dividend rate, stop paying dividends to our common stockholders or defer paying dividends to our preferred stockholders, in the future for a variety of reasons. We may not provide public warnings of dividend reductions or deferrals prior to their occurrence. Although we have paid special dividends in the past, we have not paid a special dividend since 2007 and we may not do so in the future. Changes to the amount or form of dividends we distribute may result in a reduction in the value of our stock. In addition, if dividends on any shares of our Series A preferred stock are in arrears for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will, subject to the maximum number of directors authorized under our bylaws then in effect, be automatically increased by two and the holders of Series A preferred stock will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors at a special meeting, and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series A preferred stock for all past dividend periods and the then-current dividend period shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. 
 
 A limited number of institutional shareholders own a significant percentage of our common stock, which could have adverse consequences to other holders of our stock. 
 
 Based on filings of Schedules 13D and 13G with the SEC, we believe that as of December 31, 2022, two institutional shareholders each owned 5 or more of our outstanding common stock (and we believe these shareholders combined owned approximately 29 of our outstanding common stock) and we believe based on data obtained from other public sources that, overall, institutional shareholders owned, in the aggregate, more than 75 of our outstanding common stock. Furthermore, one or more of these investors or other investors could significantly increase their ownership of our preferred stock or common stock, including through the conversion of outstanding convertible or exchangeable notes into shares of common stock. Significant ownership stakes held by these individual institutions or other investors in common stock could have adverse consequences for other shareholders because each of these shareholders will have a significant influence over the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including the election of our directors and transactions involving a change in control. In addition, should any of these significant shareholders 
 54 

determine to liquidate all or a significant portion of their holdings of our stock or, to the extent our stock is included in an industry or other broad-based market index and ceases to be so included, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. 
 
 Although, under our charter, shareholders are generally precluded from beneficially owning (as defined in the charter) more than 9.8 of any class of our outstanding stock, and under our articles supplementary for the Series A preferred stock, shareholders are generally precluded from beneficially owning or constructively owning (as such terms are defined in the articles supplementary) more than 9.8 of our outstanding Series A preferred stock, our Board of Directors may amend existing ownership limitation waivers or grant waivers to other shareholders in the future, in each case in a manner which may allow for increases in the concentration of the ownership of our stock held by one or more shareholders. 
 
 Future sales of our common stock, preferred stock or other securities, by us or by our officers and directors, may have adverse consequences for investors. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of preferred stock, common stock, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock, in public offerings or private placements (including, for example, as consideration in an acquisition transaction), and holders of our outstanding convertible notes or exchangeable securities may convert those securities into shares of common stock. In addition, we may issue additional shares of common stock to participants in our direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan and to our directors, officers, and employees under our employee stock purchase plan, our incentive plan, or other similar plans, including upon the exercise of, or in respect of, distributions on equity awards previously granted thereunder. We are not required to offer any such shares to existing shareholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, it may not be possible for existing shareholders to participate in future share issuances, which may dilute existing shareholders interests in us. In addition, if market participants buy shares of preferred stock or common stock, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock, in issuances by us in the future, it may reduce or eliminate any purchases of our preferred stock or common stock they might otherwise make in the open market, which in turn could have the effect of reducing the volume of shares of our stock traded in the marketplace, which could have the effect of reducing the market price and liquidity of our stock. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 2 of our common stock. Sales of shares of our stock by these individuals are generally required to be publicly reported and are tracked by many market participants as a factor in making their own investment decisions. As a result, future sales by these individuals could negatively affect the market price of our stock. 
 
 The conversion rights of our preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of our common stock. 
 
 We currently have 2,800,000 shares of Series A preferred stock outstanding, which may be converted into common stock upon the occurrence of limited specified change in control transactions. The conversion of the Series A preferred stock into common stock would dilute stockholder ownership in us, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 
 Dividend distributions on our stock may not be declared or paid or dividends on our common stock may decrease over time. Dividends on our common stock may be paid in shares of common stock, in cash, or a combination of shares of common stock and cash. Changes in the amount and timing of dividend distributions we pay or in the tax characterization of dividend distributions we pay may adversely affect the market price of our stock or may result in holders of our stock being taxed on dividend distributions at a higher rate than initially expected. 
 
 Our dividend distributions are driven by a variety of factors, including our minimum dividend distribution requirements under the REIT tax laws and our REIT taxable income as calculated pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. We are generally required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, although our reported financial results for GAAP purposes may differ materially from our REIT taxable income. Additionally, our Series A preferred stock has a preference on dividend payments and liquidating distributions that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 112 million of cash dividends on our common stock, representing cumulative dividends of 0.92 per share. Our first dividend payment to holders of our Series A preferred stock will be due on April 15, 2023 in the amount of approximately 1.7 million (or 0.60417 per share of the Series A preferred stock), and subsequent dividend payments will be due each quarter in the amount of 1.75 million (or 0.6250 per share of the Series A preferred stock) until the first interest rate reset date. Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends in the future may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Further, we may consider paying future dividends to common stockholders, if at all, in shares of common stock, in cash, or a combination of shares of common stock and cash. Any decision regarding the composition of such dividends would be made following an analysis and review of our liquidity, including our cash balances and cash flows, at the time of payment of the dividend. For example, we may 
 55 

determine to distribute shares of common stock in lieu of cash, or in combination with cash, in respect of our dividend obligations to common stockholders, which, among other things, could result in dilution to existing common stockholders. 
 
 To the extent we determine that future dividends would represent a return of capital to investors or would not be required under applicable REIT tax laws and regulations, rather than the distribution of income, we may determine to discontinue dividend payments on our common stock or Series A preferred stock until such time that dividends would again represent a distribution of income or be required under applicable REIT tax laws and regulations. Any reduction or elimination of our payment of dividend distributions would not only reduce the amount of dividends you would receive as a holder of our stock, but could also have the effect of reducing the market price of our stock and our ability to raise capital in future securities offerings. 
 
 In addition, the rate at which holders of our stock are taxed on dividends we pay and the characterization of our dividend be it ordinary income, qualified dividends, long-term capital gains, or a return of capital could have an impact on the market price of our stock. After we announce the expected characterization of dividend distributions we have paid, the actual characterization (and, therefore, the rate at which holders of our stock are taxed on the dividend distributions they have received) could vary from our expectations, including due to errors, changes made in the course of preparing our corporate tax returns, or changes made in response to an audit by the IRS, with the result that holders of our stock could incur greater income tax liabilities than expected. 
 
 We may pay taxable dividends on our common stock in cash and in shares of common stock, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our stock to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our stock. 
 
 We may satisfy the REIT 90 distribution test with taxable distributions of our common stock. The IRS has issued Revenue Procedure 2017-45 authorizing elective cash/stock dividends to be made by publicly offered REITs. Pursuant to Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as modified by Revenue Procedure 2021-53, the IRS will treat the distribution of stock pursuant to an elective cash/stock dividend as a distribution of property under Section 301 of the Internal Revenue Code i.e. , a dividend), as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other parameters detailed in the Revenue Procedure are satisfied. 
 
 If we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. If we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and our common stock and a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 The market price of our stock could be negatively affected by various factors, including broad market fluctuations. 
 
 The market price of our stock may be negatively affected by various factors, which change from time to time. Some of these factors are: Our actual or anticipated financial condition, performance, and prospects and those of our competitors. 
 The market for similar securities issued by other REITs and other competitors of ours. 
 Changes in the manner that investors and securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us analyze the value of our stock. 
 Changes in recommendations or in estimated financial results published by securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us, our competitors, or our industry. 
 General economic and financial market conditions, including, among other things, actual and projected interest rates, prepayments, and credit performance and the markets for the types of assets we hold or invest in. 
 Proposals to significantly change the manner in which financial markets, financial institutions, and related industries, or financial products are regulated under applicable law, or the enactment of such proposals into law or regulation. 
 56 

Other events or circumstances which undermine confidence in the financial markets or otherwise have a broad impact on financial markets, such as the sudden instability or collapse of large financial institutions or other significant corporations (whether due to fraud or other factors), terrorist attacks, warfare (including between Russia and Ukraine), natural or man-made disasters, the outbreak of pandemic or epidemic disease, or threatened or actual armed conflicts. 
 Furthermore, these fluctuations do not always relate directly to the financial performance of the companies whose stock prices may be affected. As a result of these and other factors, investors who own our stock could experience a decrease in the value of their investment, including decreases unrelated to our financial results or prospects. 
 57 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive and administrative office is located in Mill Valley, California and we have additional offices, including at the locations listed below. We do not own any properties and lease the space we utilize for our offices. Additional information on our leases is included in Note 17 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table presents the locations and remaining lease terms of our primary offices. 
 Executive and Administrative Office Locations and Lease Expirations 
 Location Lease 
 Expiration 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 2028 Mill Valley, CA 94941 8310 South Valley Highway, Suite 425 2031 Englewood, CO 80112 4 Park Plaza, Suite 900 2027 Irvine, CA 92614 650 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2120 2025 New York, NY 10019 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information on our legal proceedings, see Note 17 to the Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Loss Contingencies - Litigation, Claims and Demands." 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 58 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol RWT. At February 17, 2023, our common stock was held by approximately 516 holders of record and the total number of beneficial stockholders holding stock through depository companies was approximately 53,909. At February 21, 2023, there were 113,588,813 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 The cash dividends declared on our common stock for each full quarterly period during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Common Dividends Declared Record Date Payable Date Per Share Dividend Type Year Ended December 31, 2022 Fourth Quarter 12/20/2022 12/28/2022 0.23 Regular Third Quarter 9/23/2022 9/30/2022 0.23 Regular Second Quarter 6/23/2022 6/30/2022 0.23 Regular First Quarter 3/24/2022 3/31/2022 0.23 Regular Total 0.92 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fourth Quarter 12/17/2021 12/28/2021 0.23 Regular Third Quarter 9/23/2021 9/30/2021 0.21 Regular Second Quarter 6/23/2021 6/30/2021 0.18 Regular First Quarter 3/24/2021 3/31/2021 0.16 Regular Total 0.78 
 All dividend distributions are made with the authorization of the board of directors at its discretion and will depend on such items, including, for example, GAAP net income, financial condition, REIT taxable income, other non-GAAP measures of profitability and returns, maintenance of REIT status, and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. The holders of our common stock share proportionally on a per share basis in all declared dividends on common stock; however, holders of shares of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends before holders of our common stock are entitled to receive any dividends. As reported on our Current Report on Form 8-K on January 26, 2023, for dividend distributions made in 2022, we expect our dividends paid in 2022 to be characterized as 58 ordinary income and 42 qualified dividends. None of the dividend distributions made in 2022 are expected to be characterized for federal income tax purposes as a return of capital or long-term capital gain dividends. 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors approved an authorization for the repurchase of up to 125 million of our common stock, and also authorized the repurchase of outstanding debt securities, including convertible and exchangeable debt. Under this authorization, shares or securities may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This common stock repurchase authorization replaced the 100 million common stock repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in 2018, has no time limit, may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or securities. The Board of Directors also continued its previous authorization for the repurchase of outstanding debt securities. Like other investments we may make, any repurchases of our common stock or debt securities under this authorization would reduce our available capital and unrestricted cash. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 7,129,653 shares of our common stock pursuant to this authorization for 56 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2022, 101 million of this current total authorization remained available for repurchases of shares of our common stock. 
 
 59 

The following table contains information on the shares of our common stock that we purchased or otherwise acquired during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased or Acquired Average Price per Share Paid Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or approximate dollar value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (In Thousands, except Per Share Data) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 (1) November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 Total 101,265 
 
 (1) Represents fewer than 1,000 shares reacquired to satisfy tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of restricted shares in October 2022 at the then market price of 5.74 per share. 
 Information with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities of the registrant are authorized for issuance is set forth in Part II, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 60 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph presents a cumulative total return comparison of our common stock, over the last five years, to the S P Composite-500 Stock Index and the FTSE NAREIT Mortgage REIT index. The total returns reflect stock price appreciation and the reinvestment of dividends for our common stock and for each of the comparative indices, assuming that 100 was invested in each on December 31, 2017. The information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable; but neither its accuracy nor its completeness is guaranteed. The total return performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance of our common stock. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Redwood Trust, Inc. 100 109 129 74 119 69 FTSE NAREIT Mortgage REIT Index 100 97 118 96 111 82 S P Composite-500 Index 100 96 126 149 191 157 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

61 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in five main sections: 
 Overview 
 Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Results of Operations by Segment 
 Income Taxes 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Market and Other risks 
 
 Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References herein to Redwood, the company, we, us, and our include Redwood Trust, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. The discussion in this MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, such as those discussed in the Cautionary Statement in Part I, Item 1, Business and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Redwood Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a specialty finance company focused on several distinct areas of housing credit. Our operating platforms occupy a unique position in the housing finance value chain, providing liquidity to growing segments of the U.S. housing market not well served by government programs. We deliver customized housing credit investments to a diverse mix of investors through our best-in-class securitization platforms, whole-loan distribution activities and our publicly-traded securities. Our aggregation, origination and investment activities have evolved to incorporate a diverse mix of residential, business purpose and multifamily assets. Our goal is to provide attractive returns to shareholders through a stable and growing stream of earnings and dividends, capital appreciation, and a commitment to technological innovation that facilitates risk-minded scale. We operate our business in three segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking, and Investment Portfolio. 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT ). We generally refer, collectively, to Redwood Trust, Inc. and those of its subsidiaries that are not subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as the REIT or our REIT. We generally refer to subsidiaries of Redwood Trust, Inc. that are subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as our taxable REIT subsidiaries or TRS. 
 For a full description of our segments, see Part I, Item 1 Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 62 

Business Update 
 The turn of the calendar from 2022 brought sudden changes to the mortgage markets in a manner that was different from downturns in past housing cycles. The Federal Reserve s efforts to slow inflation during 2022 by rapidly increasing front-end benchmark interest rates resulted in a steep decline in mortgage refinance activity and profoundly affected consumer behavior in the housing market. 
 In response, we slowed the pace of our mortgage banking activities in the fourth quarter and reviewed our positioning in the market. This included rationalization of the size of our operating platforms and our cost structure in light of persistent market volatility, resulting in an approximately 24 reduction in the size our workforce since July 1, 2022. We also undertook efforts to strengthen our balance sheet, holding 259 million of unrestricted cash at December 21, 2022, and generated additional cash in early 2023 through a preferred stock issuance, as well as through asset sales. 
 For the fourth quarter 2022 overall, we reported GAAP earnings of (0.40) per diluted share and book value per share of 9.55. We paid a quarterly dividend of 0.23 per share, consistent with our dividend level throughout 2022. With a challenging year behind us, we worked to quickly build momentum towards our 2023 priorities, taking advantage of more favorable market conditions to start the year to execute on various capital and financing activities. 
 We completed a preferred stock offering in early January 2023, which was undertaken after consideration of the financing cost relative to unsecured debt alternatives, the prospect of deleveraging our balance sheet with equity capital, and the potential opportunity to access sources of perpetual capital more readily in the future. While the cost of any capital has increased significantly over the past year, reflective of the acute rise in benchmark interest rates, we believe this capital raising transaction is accretive to our common equity based on the returns we currently project could be realized on new investments. 
 In January 2023, we also sold 213 million of business purpose lending BPL loans to an institutional partner at accretive terms for both parties. BPL is a type of non-QM residential loan program, and liquidity for this segment of the market was significantly impacted in 2022 as it was with respect to our jumbo residential QM mortgage banking business. The sale of this pool of loans created forward momentum for our BPL platform as it freed up capital for the business, and is a positive data point for execution which impacts the terms we can offer for new loans in our origination pipeline. 
 In contrast to some of the headwinds facing the residential mortgage sector, our BPL platform continues to see resilient demand from our borrowers that supported the 2.8 billion of loan origination volume we generated in 2022. The rental market is providing alternatives for households, including multifamily, build-for-rent, and workforce housing segments supported by CoreVest. We remain focused on originating loans secured by assets with strong credit attributes and business plans with experienced sponsorship teams. We continue to review and update our underwriting guidelines in light of with market conditions and trends, most recently reducing loan-to-value (LTV) and loan-to-cost (LTC) limits on our BPL bridge loan products and continuing to originate lower LTV BPL term loans, including Single-Family Rental loans. Historically, more of our production came from BPL term loans, which reversed course in 2022 as sponsors preferred shorter term financing options amidst higher borrowing costs. However, in the fourth quarter of 2022, our loan origination mix between BPL bridge and term loans has once again rebalanced as sponsors begin to accept locking in current long-term rates in lieu of shorter-term floating-rate bridge debt. We believe these factors will support our BPL operations, despite the prospect of a potential recession in 2023. 
 In January 2023, our Residential platform completed our first Sequoia securitization in more than a year. The completion of our transaction helped reset the securitization market and has positively influenced RMBS issuance by other market participants. Investor demand on our securitization was strong, enabling us to increase bond prices and our GAAP gain on sale. We believe this was one data point supporting better prospects for a rebound in residential mortgage banking activity, but there is more we need to see from the market - namely, the steepening of the yield curve, sustained lower interest rate volatility, and continued strength in securitization execution to begin driving additional volume through our aggregation channel. In the meantime, our total residential loan exposure was reduced by approximately 50 as a result of this securitization, to just over 300 million at the beginning of February, freeing up cash to reinvest across our business platforms. The rapid rise in interest rates caused the cost to own and finance a home to increase notably in 2022. Over-capacity, or the amount of excess loan production capability relative to borrower demand, weighed on the mortgage finance industry in 2022. We observed similar conditions following the Great Financial Crisis when residential lending volumes were low for an extended period as the economy slowly recovered. Today we believe the overall economy is in better health, but the size of the addressable consumer mortgage market, particularly with respect to refinances, is unlikely to regain its recent levels for some time. 
 63 

In response to these structural factors, we reduced capital allocated to our Residential Mortgage Banking segment by 70 throughout 2022 and expect to maintain a lower allocation to this segment for the foreseeable future. Relationship management with our seller base remains a strategic focus of ours, including ensuring we have mortgage banking programs that meet their needs as market conditions evolve. This includes continued refinement of our expanded prime programs, as well as investor programs that target consumers who own second homes or a single rental property. As borrower demand in these market segments crystallizes, we remain focused on operating efficiency and preserving financial flexibility. This includes ongoing rationalization of our broader cost structure, with a primary focus to lower variable costs that can adjust with loan volumes and performance, while protecting our brand and maintaining optionality to engage more aggressively when market conditions improve. At the same time, as benchmark interest rates have risen, we have seen continued consumer demand for home equity investments ("HEIs") as an alternative for homeowners to access equity in their homes and for home buyers to fund a portion of a home purchase down payment. From a strategic perspective, we continue to focus on the HEI market, the HEI origination platforms we have invested in, and potential additional investment in internal or third-party HEI platforms. 
 Our investment portfolio remains a primary driver of our book value and GAAP earnings. The fourth quarter mirrored the conditions we saw throughout 2022 with significant spread widening and ongoing bouts of volatility. To date in 2023, interest rate volatility has come off the high levels we saw throughout the fall of 2022 and therefore, market prices for securities have begun to stabilize. The majority of the mark-to-market declines we incurred on our investment portfolio in 2022 were largely driven by technical market factors (interest rate volatility and spread widening) and were largely detached from the fundamentals impacting underlying cash flows, with our portfolio assets continuing to display strong fundamental credit quality and stable delinquencies. With a weighted average year-end carrying value of 0.62 per 1.00 of face value, and a projected forward loss-adjusted economic yield of 15 (1) , we estimate our Investment Portfolio had approximately 500 million (or 4.33 per share) of net discount at year-end 2022. 
 Our ability to earn back this discount to book value over time starts with the underlying fundamentals of our loans. While the direction of home prices and its impact on mortgage credit, combined with the potential for a broader market recession, remain questions for 2023, we believe the composition of our portfolio will help mitigate these potential headwinds. We have many seasoned assets that have experienced significant home price appreciation (HPA), leading to historically low LTV ratios for these assets, supporting their ability to withstand a wider range of scenarios for the economy. Though we expect home prices to decline moderately this year overall, with potentially meaningful variation across geographies, we believe that a more pronounced decline would have to be predicated on the emergence of a larger group of consumers forced to sell their homes. With many homeowners having obtained low mortgage rates underwritten to tight credit standards, continued low inventory of homes, and affordability constraining purchase volume, a high volume of forced selling would likely require additional outside market forces. With many homeowners enjoying substantial equity in their homes, we have an opportunity to leverage our structuring expertise and market access to offer products allowing consumers to access equity in their homes and differentiate our mortgage banking product offerings. 
 Overall, we remain focused on allocating capital and resources towards market segments that we believe will perform better in this environment and assets we view as undervalued, including Redwood s corporate debt and equity. As valuations of our stock and convertible debt became volatile in 2022, particularly in the second half of the year, we were active in buying back our securities at attractive prices. We ultimately repurchased a total of approximately 88 million of our own common stock and convertible debt throughout 2022, and, as we progress into 2023, we have remained active in repurchasing our convertible debt with approaching maturities. We intend to use our unrestricted cash position and other sources of available liquidity to address the remainder of our 2023 convertible bond maturity and expect to be opportunistic in repurchasing other series of our outstanding convertible bonds. In addition, our capital strategy continues to include a focus on initiatives to enter into joint ventures or form investment vehicles or funds with third-party investors to purchase loans, HEIs, or other assets originated by our operating platforms or sourced through our mortgage banking and investment activities and, where applicable, to earn fees, incentives or other income in connection with these initiatives. 

Footnote to Business Update 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) The projected forward loss-adjusted economic yield is calculated using December 31, 2022 market values of the assets and associated financing in our investment portfolio and management s projection of future cash flows from these investments. Projections are based on management s current market observations, estimates, and assumptions, including our assumptions regarding credit losses, prepayment speeds, market interest rates, and discount rates, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially. 
 64 

2022 Financial Overview 
 This section includes an overview of our 2022 financial results. A detailed discussion of our results of operations is presented in the next section of this MD A. The following table presents selected financial highlights from 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 1 Key Financial Results and Metrics 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands, except per Share Data) 2022 2021 Net income (loss) (163,520) 319,613 Earnings (loss) per share (diluted EPS) (1.43) 2.37 Return on equity (16) 25 Book value per share 9.55 12.06 Dividends per share 0.92 0.78 Economic return on book value (1) 
 (13) 30 
 (1) Economic return on book value is based on the period change in GAAP book value per common share plus dividends declared per common share in the period. 
 We conduct our business in three segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking and Investment Portfolio. Following is an overview of key financial and operational results at each of our segments during 2022. 
 Residential Mortgage Banking 
 In line with the rapid rise in benchmark interest rates, mortgage rates increased during 2022 to their highest levels since 2008. Given the abrupt move higher in rates, many participants in mortgage finance markets were left trying to sell loan inventory at levels far below prevailing mortgage rates. Ultimately, this dynamic drastically impacted the profitability of distribution efforts in 2022 and distribution activity was down considerably year over year; securitization markets saw limited activity while whole loan sale activity also declined as the year progressed. We distributed 4.5 billion of loans in total in 2022: 0.7 billion of loans through one securitization in January 2022 and 3.8 billion of loans through whole loan sales. This compared to 11.2 billion of loan distribution activity in 2021; 4.2 billion in securitization and 7.0 billion in whole loan sales. 
 Higher rates also significantly impacted industry volumes overall, which declined 49 year over year (as measured by the Mortgage Banker s Association). Industry-wide origination volumes for purchase-money mortgages were down an estimated 15 and refinance volumes were down an estimated 74 . As of year-end, less than 1 of residential mortgages had at least a 50 basis-point incentive to refinance, with nearly two-thirds of homeowners currently benefiting from a long-term financing rate of 4 or lower (according to Locus Analytics). 
 A combination of low industry volumes, significant market volatility across the year and intentional defensive posturing ultimately impacted Redwood s overall 2022 volumes. As distribution channels were largely closed in the second half of the year, we further pulled back on our lock volumes and focused on managing our pipeline. Ultimately, we locked 4.1 billion of loans in 2022, 88 of which was locked in the first two quarters of 2022. This compares to 16.0 billion of lock volume in 2021. 
 During the year, our Residential team continued to focus on expanded prime product guidelines to complement our core offerings, including launching a bank statement program with terms and underwriting designed to meet the CFPB s Qualified Mortgage definition. 
 Business Purpose Mortgage Banking 
 During 2022, our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment, through activities at our wholly owned subsidiary, CoreVest, continued to grow, scale and gain market share. As affordability remained challenged and housing inventory was low in 2022, there was continued demand for investor rental, or business purpose lending, products. Our BPL team ultimately funded 2.8 billion of loans in 2022, compared to 2.3 billion in 2021. Given higher rates, investors in 2022 favored short-term, floating rate loans over locking into longer fixed-term loans with stronger prepayment protection features. Funded loans were comprised of 39 BPL term loans and 61 BPL bridge loans. This compared to 58 BPL term loans and 42 BPL bridge loans in 2021. In light of this dynamic in late 2022, we launched a new BPL term product with a 3-year maturity, to complement our existing 5, 7, 10 and 30 year products. 
 65 

As the reality of a higher rate environment became clearer in the fourth quarter, we saw a resurgence of demand for our BPL term product, more in line with the historical balance of BPL term and bridge loan volumes that we have witnessed. In light of evolving market dynamics across the year, we also adjusted our underwriting guidelines, including lowering loan-to-value LTV and loan-to-cost LTC limits, increasing stabilized debt yield requirements and further stressing the viability of take-out financing for our sponsors. 
 The BPL industry faced some of the same challenges as the residential mortgage market in terms of distribution throughout 2022 attributable to spread widening from a significant risk-off sentiment in markets. Despite these challenges, we still distributed 1.3 billion of loans in 2022, compared to 1.5 billion in 2021. This included three securitizations backed by 0.8 billion of loans and 0.5 billion of whole loan sales. Though distribution volumes were down year over year, we made progress in growing our BPL distribution efforts through expanding our whole loan buyer base and issuing a bespoke private securitization to one investor in the third quarter of 2022. 
 In April 2022, we announced the acquisition of Riverbend Finance, LLC ("Riverbend") a private mortgage lender to investors in transitional residential and multifamily real estate. The acquisition, an all-cash transaction, was completed in July 2022. The addition of Riverbend complemented Redwood s existing business purpose mortgage banking platform, CoreVest, enhancing CoreVest s suite of products, geographic and production footprint, and client base. In particular, the Riverbend platform added single asset bridge origination and distribution to CoreVest s existing product offering. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 As of year end 2022, Redwood had 3.7 billion of housing credit investments in our Investment Portfolio, compared to 2.7 billion as of year end 2021 (in each case reflecting our economic interests see Table 11 that follows for additional details). Of these, 76 were organically created through Redwood s Residential and Business Purpose Mortgage Banking platforms, while the remaining 24 were purchased from third-parties. This compared to 70 organically created investments and 30 third-party investments as of year end 2021. 
 We were active deploying capital across the year, with 521 million of capital deployed within our Investment Portfolio in 2022, including approximately 60 into organically created investments and the remainder into third-party investments. Capital deployed into organically created investments was predominantly deployed into BPL bridge loans while capital deployed into third-party assets was predominantly deployed into HEI. 
 Spread widening and the selloff in interest rates during 2022 ultimately impacted the fair values of our Investment Portfolio. Negative fair value changes primarily reflected unrealized mark-to-market losses, while fundamental credit performance, including delinquencies and LTVs, remained stable across our portfolio. At year end 2022, 90 day+ delinquencies for our SLST investments ranged from 10.9 to 13.3 throughout 2022, 1.2 to 1.8 for our SEMT investments, 2.1 to 2.5 for our CAFL securities and 2.1 to 4.2 for our bridge loans (including those that are securitized). At year end 2022, we estimate that our Investment Portfolio had a net discount to par of 4.33 per share, compared to an estimated 2.22 per share of net discount at December 31, 2021. 
 RWT Horizons 
 During 2022, we continued to expand RWT Horizons, our investment initiative focused on early-stage technology companies with business plans focused on innovations that can disrupt the mortgage finance landscape. Through RWT Horizons, we aim to extract value at more points along the mortgage value chain, thereby making us a more meaningful partner to the broad network of market constituents to whom we provide liquidity, and building relationships designed to benefit all parties. Our investments continue to focus on companies that have a direct nexus to our operating platforms and investment portfolio. 
 The extreme volatility that public technology companies saw permeated its way through valuations and the fundraising environment for late-stage companies, and ultimately earlier stage companies as well. While we had anticipated growing our capital allocated to RWT Horizons up to 50 million in 2022, the market backdrop in the second half of the year caused us to slow our capital deployment into new RWT Horizons investments and re-focus on current yielding investments core to our other business segments. As of year-end 2022, we had over 27 million of capital committed to RWT Horizons, representing 28 investments across 24 portfolio companies. During 2022, we made 13 investments, though these investments were at significantly smaller average investment sizes than we deployed in 2021, and three of these were follow-on investments in existing RWT Horizons portfolio companies. These follow-on investments were made at valuations at or above initial investments. Overall, six RWT Horizons portfolio companies raised incremental growth capital in 2022. 
 66 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Within this Results of Operations section, we provide commentary that compares results year-over-year for 2022, 2021, and 2020. Most tables include "changes" columns that show the amounts by which the year's results are greater or less than the results from the prior year. Unless otherwise specified, references in this section to increases or decreases in 2022 refer to the change in results from 2021 to 2022, and increases or decreases in 2021 refer to the change in results from 2020 to 2021. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the components of our net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Table 2 Net Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, Changes (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22/'21 '21/'20 Net Interest Income 155,454 148,177 123,911 7,277 24,266 Non-interest Income Mortgage banking activities, net (13,659) 235,744 78,472 (249,403) 157,272 Investment fair value changes, net (175,558) 128,049 (588,438) (303,607) 716,487 Other income 21,204 12,018 4,188 9,186 7,830 Realized gains, net 5,334 17,993 30,424 (12,659) (12,431) Total non-interest income (loss), net (162,679) 393,804 (475,354) (556,483) 869,158 General and administrative expenses (140,908) (165,218) (113,498) 24,310 (51,720) Portfolio management costs (7,951) (5,758) (4,204) (2,193) (1,554) Loan acquisition costs (11,766) (16,219) (8,525) 4,453 (7,694) Other expenses (15,590) (16,695) (108,785) 1,105 92,090 Net income (loss) before income taxes (183,440) 338,091 (586,455) (521,531) 924,546 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes 19,920 (18,478) 4,608 38,398 (23,086) Net Income (Loss) (163,520) 319,613 (581,847) (483,133) 901,460 Other comprehensive loss, net (59,941) (4,706) (45,734) (55,235) 41,028 Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income (223,461) 314,907 (627,581) (538,368) 942,488 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income from our Investment Portfolio increased in 2022 by 26 million, and generally resulted from higher average asset balances in 2022, as we increased our investments in BPL bridge loans, and carried a higher average balance of securities retained from Sequoia (residential jumbo loans) and CAFL (BPL term loans) securitizations we completed throughout 2021 and into 2022. Additionally, net interest income from bridge loans benefited, as we saw the increase in their coupons outpace increases in financing costs throughout the year, as these are primarily floating rate assets. These increases were partially offset by lower levels of discount accretion on our available-for-sale ("AFS") securities resulting from a significant reduction in prepayments of loans underlying the securitizations in association with a continued rise in interest rates throughout 2022. We recognized 11 million and 23 million of discount accretion on AFS securities in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Further, while net interest income benefited from 16 million of yield maintenance income on CAFL term securities in 2022, the amount received diminished throughout the year as interest rates rose, and we would expect to receive reduced amounts going forward while interest rates remain elevated. Additionally, while most of our fixed-rate investments are financed with fixed-rate debt, rising benchmark interest rates and wider spreads on variable-rate financing lines in 2022 increased our borrowing costs, negatively impacting net interest income in 2022. See the Investment Portfolio sub-section of the " Results of Operations b y Segment section that follows for additional detail on the composition of, and activity within, our investment portfolio. 
 67 

We also earn net interest income on the inventory we carry in each of our mortgage banking businesses, which decreased overall in 2022 as residential loan acquisition volumes declined throughout the year and we carried a lower average balance of residential loan inventory in 2022 than 2021. This decrease was partially offset by increased net interest income earned on our business purpose loan inventory as we carried a higher average balance of loans in 2022 (see Table 5 that follows for additional detail on changes in net interest income by segment). Additionally, all of our mortgage banking loan inventory is financed with floating-rate debt and net interest income for both of our mortgage banking businesses was negatively impacted by rising benchmark interest rates and higher borrowing spreads in 2022, particularly in the second half of 2022 as our inventory sat longer on our balance sheet. 
 These increases in net interest income were offset by a 16 million increase in corporate interest expense in 2022 resulting from the issuance of new convertible debt in June 2022 and from our trust preferred securities, which are variable-rate and were impacted by higher benchmark interest rates in 2022. 
 Continued increases in benchmark interest rates and borrowing spreads could negatively impact our future net interest income in relation to the portion of our fixed-rate assets that are financed with floating-rate debt, as well as in relation to fixed-rate debt that matures in the near-term that is refinanced with new debt at current market rates. Additionally, to the extent we add incremental leverage to our investment portfolio, net interest income could decrease while proceeds from those financings are redeployed into other assets or if additional capital is deployed into HEIs for which we do not report interest income for GAAP purposes. 
 Net interest income increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily due to a 16 million increase in net interest income earned on loans held in inventory during the year at our residential mortgage banking operations and a 5 million increase in net interest income earned from our investment portfolio. The increase from residential mortgage banking operations primarily resulted from higher loan acquisition volumes and average balances of loans outstanding in 2021 as compared to 2020. The increase from our investment portfolio was primarily attributable to an increase in the average balance of our BPL bridge loans, Sequoia securities and CAFL securities driven by new assets transferred from our mortgage banking operations, as well as higher discount accretion on our available-for-sale securities driven by an increase in expected call activity. 
 Additional detail on net interest income is provided in the Net Interest Income section that follows. 
 Mortgage Banking Activities, Net 
 The decrease in income from mortgage banking activities during 2022 was attributable to a decrease of 148 million from our Residential Mortgage Banking operations and a decrease of 101 million from our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking operations. The decrease from Residential Mortgage Banking operations was attributable to lower acquisition volumes as well as decreased margins during 2022, as a sharp increase in mortgage rates during 2022 contributed to an industry-wide decrease in residential mortgage origination activity. Additionally, given market conditions, we focused on risk management and were deliberate in moderating volume, particularly during the second half of 2022. Margins and profitability for Residential Mortgage Banking during 2022 were also negatively impacted by widening credit spreads for securitizations and whole loan sales throughout the year, as well as increased rate volatility, which resulted in higher hedging costs. Our continued reduction in capital allocation to this segment is attributable to the fact that continued interest rate volatility creates further uncertainty for gain on sale economics, and thus margins. Should the Federal Reserve provide more confidence about terminal rates and the trajectory of interest rates, we would expect to see margins stabilize which would likely lead us to more proactively increase acquisition volumes off of current historical lows. 
 Despite increased volumes during 2022, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking income declined year-over-year, as continued market volatility and extreme credit spread widening in 2022 negatively impacted profitability. We saw the pace of originations decline from the first half of 2022 to the second half, as market conditions impacted margins and our ability to distribute loans deteriorated. We expect to build off the volumes originated in 2022, as we are beginning to see some signs of stability in securitization and whole loan markets, which is supporting an increase in activity from our origination teams. 
 The increase in income from mortgage banking activities during 2021 was attributable to a 123 million increase from our residential mortgage banking operations and a 34 million increase from our business purpose mortgage banking operations. The increase in income at both of our mortgage banking operations was primarily driven by higher loan production volumes in 2021 as compared to 2020, when volumes and margins were adversely impacted by disruptions following the onset of the pandemic. 
 A more detailed analysis of the changes in this line item is included in the Results of Operations b y Segment section that follows. 
 68 

Investment Fair Value Changes, Net 
 Investment fair value changes, net, is primarily comprised of the change in fair value of our investment portfolio assets that are accounted for under the fair value option and interest rate hedges associated with these investments. During 2022, negative investment fair value changes reflected extreme levels of credit spread widening across many of our longer-duration, fixed-rate investments, partially offset by fair value increases in our IO securities, MSRs, and interest rate hedges, which benefited from rising interest rates. While our HEIs experienced price increases in the first half of 2022 due to home price appreciation, in the second half of 2022, they saw some moderation in prices as the outlook for home price appreciation deteriorated. Negative fair value changes primarily reflected unrealized mark-to-market losses, while fundamental credit performance, including delinquencies and LTVs, remained relatively stable across our portfolio. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, positive investment fair value changes reflected improvements in credit performance and spread tightening across our investment portfolio, particularly in our third-party re-performing loan ("RPL") and retained CAFL Term securities. 
 Additional detail on our investment fair value changes is included in the Results of Operations b y Segment section that follows. 
 Other Income 
 The increase in other income for the year primarily resulted from 12 million of higher income on our MSR investments, which was primarily due to positive valuation changes resulting from a slowdown in prepayment speeds during 2022 as interest rates rose. Details on the composition of other income is included in Note 21 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The increase in other income for 2021 was primarily the result of a 12 million increase in income from our MSR investments, which experienced a more moderate rise in prepayment speeds during 2021 as compared to 2020, when prepayment speeds rose sharply after the onset of the pandemic when benchmark interest rates declined. This increase was partially offset by: lower risk share income, as our risk share investments experienced accelerated prepayments during the second half of 2020 and throughout 2021; lower FHLBC capital stock dividends, as we redeemed most of our FHLBC stock in 2020 when we repaid our FHLBC borrowings; and lower income from loan administration fees, as the BPL loans associated with those fees were paid off in 2020. 
 Realized Gains, Net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized gains of 5 million, primarily resulting from calls associated with third-party available-for-sale ("AFS") securities during the first quarter of 2022, as well as 2 million of gains on extinguishment of debt that resulted from the repurchase of 32 million of our convertible debt in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 In 2021, we realized gains of 18 million, including 16 million of gains resulting from calls of seven seasoned Sequoia securitizations, and 1.5 million of net gains from the sale of 11 million of AFS securities. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The decrease in general and administration expenses in 2022 was primarily due to a 46 million decrease in variable compensation expense associated with the decrease in earnings from 2021 to 2022. Additionally, while expenses from long-term incentive awards increased in 2022 from new award grants, the expense for certain awards (PSUs, csDSUs and Cash Performance Awards) decreased approximately 3 million from 2021, due to negative adjustments (decreasing the expense) related to changes in vesting assumptions and decreases in our stock price during the year. Certain of our long-term incentive awards are indexed to our stock price but settleable in cash and, under the liability method of accounting, each quarter we adjust the expense associated with these awards based on the quarter-end stock price. We expect continued variability in this expense line item as our stock price fluctuates. 
 These decreases in 2022 were partially offset by a 17 million increase in fixed compensation expense in 2022, primarily attributable to the acquisition of Riverbend in the third quarter of 2022, which added 5 million of costs in 2022, as well as from other ordinary course headcount additions in early 2022 and competitive wage increases for existing employees in 2022. Additionally, we incurred 1 million of direct transaction costs in 2022 related to the acquisition of Riverbend. These increases in fixed compensation expense were partially offset by a 2 million benefit from a payroll tax refund related to a prior year that was realized during the second quarter of 2022. Additionally, during the third and fourth quarters of 2022, we initiated various expense management initiatives, including the restructuring of our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking management team, and incurred 7 million of employee severance and related transition expenses. These expense management initiatives continued into the first quarter of 2023, including additional reductions in headcount across our business, which should further reduce our going forward run-rate for fixed compensation expenses into 2023. 
 69 

The increase in general and administrative expenses for 2021 primarily resulted from increased accruals of variable compensation expense associated with improved financial results and a higher headcount in 2021 as compared to 2020, as well as higher long-term incentive award expense from awards granted in the second half of 2020, including retention-related awards, and awards granted in early 2021 as part of our regular annual compensation process. We also incurred higher systems and consulting costs in 2021, as we re-engineered and implemented new systems and processes to drive longer-term efficiencies throughout our business. 
 Details on the composition of General and administrative expenses are included in Note 22 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Portfolio Management Costs 
 In 2022, we changed the presentation of our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) to include a new line item "Portfolio management costs," for which amounts included in this line item were previously included in the "General and Administrative expenses" and "Loan acquisition costs" line items. All prior period amounts presented in this document were conformed to this presentation for this change. The increases in portfolio management costs in 2022 and 2021 resulted from growth in our investment portfolio during both years. These costs are primarily associated with the management of our BPL bridge loans and also include loan sub-servicing costs. 
 Loan Acquisition Costs 
 The decrease in loan acquisition costs in 2022 was primarily driven by a reduction in loan acquisition volumes in our residential mortgage banking operations in 2022 and was partially offset by an increase in costs at our business purpose mortgage banking operations, which experienced higher loan origination volumes in 2022. 
 The increase in loan acquisition costs for 2021 was primarily due to higher origination volumes throughout 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 Other Expenses 
 The decrease in other expenses for 2022 was primarily due to lower expenses associated with the amortization of intangible assets from the 5 Arches and CoreVest acquisitions in 2019, partially offset by increased expenses associated with the amortization of new intangible assets resulting from the acquisition of Riverbend. 
 The decrease in other expenses for 2021 was primarily related to 89 million of goodwill impairment expense at our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment recorded in the first quarter of 2020 that was taken as a result of the onset of the COVID pandemic and economic downturn that ensued. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes is almost entirely related to activity at our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which primarily includes our mortgage banking operations and MSR investments, as well as certain other investment and hedging activities. The benefit from income taxes in 2022 resulted from GAAP losses at our TRS during the year associated with losses incurred at both our mortgage banking operations. For 2021, the tax provision is reflective of the positive income earned at our taxable subsidiaries and higher state income taxes, partially offset by a 19 million benefit from the release of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 
 For additional detail on income taxes, see the Taxable Income and Tax Provision section that follows. 
 Other Comprehensive Loss, net 
 Other comprehensive loss, net in 2022 was primarily comprised of net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. Consistent with the changes in values for our trading securities, as described above under the investment fair value changes, net line item, extreme levels of credit spread widening and slowing prepayment speeds negatively impacted the values of our available-for-sale securities in 2022. Other comprehensive loss, net in 2021 was primarily comprised of the reclassification of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities to net income, partially offset by increase in net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, which were generally driven by spread tightening on our available-for-sale securities in 2021. 
 For additional detail on other comprehensive loss, net, see Note 18 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 70 

Net Interest Income 
 The following tables present the components of net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Table 3 Net Interest Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in Thousands) Interest Income/ (Expense) Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Yield Interest Income/ (Expense) Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Yield Interest Income/ (Expense) Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Yield Interest Income Residential loans, held-for-sale 52,897 1,256,532 4.2 49,779 1,635,663 3.0 19,985 538,580 3.7 Residential loans - HFI at Redwood (2) 
 21,000 494,097 4.3 Residential loans - HFI at Legacy Sequoia (2) 
 5,663 205,909 2.8 4,709 254,830 1.8 9,059 316,844 2.9 Residential loans - HFI at Sequoia (2) 
 126,120 3,596,640 3.5 74,025 1,983,936 3.7 87,093 1,883,855 4.6 Residential loans - HFI at Freddie Mac SLST (2) 
 65,822 1,651,215 4.0 76,288 2,067,313 3.7 85,609 2,209,182 3.9 BPL loans - HFS 28,915 492,759 5.9 14,443 294,634 4.9 20,415 378,293 5.4 BPL loans - HFI 118,624 1,552,745 7.6 54,510 719,907 7.6 60,252 842,296 7.2 BPL term loans - HFI at CAFL 214,942 3,049,569 7.0 201,838 3,404,933 5.9 136,950 2,544,738 5.4 Multifamily loans - HFI at Freddie Mac K-Series 18,938 445,062 4.3 19,266 486,095 4.0 54,813 1,404,068 3.9 Trading securities 17,446 142,027 12.3 22,783 146,328 15.6 33,940 286,382 11.9 Available-for-sale securities 20,262 136,898 14.8 31,921 129,261 24.7 15,665 140,783 11.1 Other interest income 38,225 924,629 4.1 25,364 817,808 3.1 27,135 775,386 3.5 Total interest income 707,854 13,453,985 5.3 574,926 11,940,708 4.8 571,916 11,814,504 4.8 Interest Expense Short-term debt facilities (69,898) 1,651,503 (4.2) (37,714) 1,670,279 (2.3) (44,454) 1,188,487 (3.7) Short-term debt - servicer advance financing (9,570) 234,173 (4.1) (4,867) 183,335 (2.7) (6,441) 201,175 (3.2) Promissory notes (1,040) 15,376 (6.8) Short-term debt - convertible notes, net (3,835) 72,787 (5.3) ABS issued - Legacy Sequoia (2) 
 (5,207) 204,372 (2.5) (3,040) 251,855 (1.2) (5,945) 312,351 (1.9) ABS issued - Sequoia (2) 
 (111,060) 3,361,050 (3.3) (59,949) 1,755,124 (3.4) (73,643) 1,681,490 (4.4) ABS issued - Freddie Mac SLST (2) 
 (52,901) 1,373,679 (3.9) (64,633) 1,805,744 (3.6) (66,859) 1,897,194 (3.5) ABS issued - Freddie Mac K-Series (17,407) 413,223 (4.2) (17,686) 456,353 (3.9) (51,521) 1,324,678 (3.9) ABS issued - CAFL (183,644) 3,115,246 (5.9) (160,493) 3,173,576 (5.1) (101,740) 2,363,624 (4.3) Long-term debt facilities (51,456) 1,140,820 (4.5) (40,516) 794,144 (5.1) (45,318) 708,611 (6.4) Long-term debt - FHLBC (2) 279 (0.7) (10,411) 589,269 (1.8) Long-term debt - corporate (46,382) 694,991 (6.7) (37,849) 651,156 (5.8) (41,673) 693,838 (6.0) Total interest expense (552,400) 12,277,220 (4.5) (426,749) 10,741,845 (4.0) (448,005) 10,960,717 (4.1) Net Interest Income 155,454 148,177 123,911 
 (1) Average balances for residential loans held-for-sale and held-for-investment, business purpose loans held-for-sale and held-for-investment, multifamily loans held-for-investment, and trading securities are calculated based upon carrying values, which represent estimated fair values. Average balances for available-for-sale securities, short-term debt, long-term debt and certain ABS issued are calculated based upon amortized historical cost. Average balances for ABS carried at fair value are calculated based upon fair value. 
 (2) Interest income from residential loans held-for-investment ("HFI") at Redwood exclude loans HFI at consolidated Sequoia or Freddie Mac SLST entities. Interest income from residential loans - HFI at Legacy Sequoia and the interest expense from ABS issued - Legacy Sequoia represent activity from our consolidated Legacy Sequoia entities. Interest income from residential loans - HFI at Sequoia and the interest expense from ABS issued - Sequoia represent activity from our consolidated Sequoia entities. Interest income from residential loans - HFI at Freddie Mac SLST and the interest expense from ABS issued - Freddie Mac SLST represent activity from our consolidated Freddie Mac SLST entities. 
 71 

The following table details how net interest income changed on a consolidated basis as a result of changes in average investment balances volume and changes in interest yields rate ). 
 Table 4 Net Interest Income - Volume and Rate Changes 
 Change in Net Interest Income For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In Thousands) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Net Interest Income for the Beginning of the Year 148,177 123,911 Impact of Changes in Interest Income Residential loans - HFS (11,538) 14,656 3,118 40,708 (10,915) 29,793 Residential loans - HFI at Redwood (21,001) (21,001) Residential loans - HFI at Legacy Sequoia (904) 1,858 954 (1,774) (2,577) (4,351) Residential loans - HFI at Sequoia 60,174 (8,079) 52,095 4,627 (17,695) (13,068) Residential loans - HFI at Freddie Mac SLST (15,355) 4,889 (10,466) (5,498) (3,824) (9,322) BPL loans - HFS 9,712 4,760 14,472 (4,515) (1,458) (5,973) BPL loans - HFI 36,032 167 36,199 (14,192) 3,086 (11,106) BPL term loans - HFI at CAFL (21,065) 34,169 13,104 46,293 18,595 64,888 BPL bridge loans - HFI at CAFL 25,459 2,456 27,915 5,364 5,364 Multifamily loans - HFI at Freddie Mac K-Series (1,626) 1,298 (328) (35,836) 289 (35,547) Trading securities (670) (4,667) (5,337) (16,598) 5,441 (11,157) Available-for-sale securities 1,886 (13,545) (11,659) (1,282) 17,538 16,256 Other interest income 3,313 9,548 12,861 1,485 (3,255) (1,770) Net changes in interest income 85,418 47,510 132,928 (7,583) 10,589 3,006 Impact of Changes in Interest Expense Short-term debt facilities 424 (32,608) (32,184) (18,021) 24,764 6,743 Short-term debt - servicer advance financing (1,350) (3,353) (4,703) 571 1,003 1,574 Short-term debt - promissory note (1,040) (1,040) Short-term debt - convertible notes, net (3,835) (3,835) ABS issued - Legacy Sequoia 573 (2,740) (2,167) 1,151 1,754 2,905 ABS issued - Sequoia (54,853) 3,742 (51,111) (3,225) 16,919 13,694 ABS issued - Freddie Mac SLST 15,465 (3,733) 11,732 3,223 (997) 2,226 ABS issued - Freddie Mac K-Series 1,671 (1,392) 279 33,772 63 33,835 ABS issued - CAFL 2,950 (26,101) (23,151) (34,864) (23,888) (58,752) Long-term debt facilities (17,687) 6,747 (10,940) (5,470) 10,272 4,802 Long-term debt - FHLBC 2 2 10,406 3 10,409 Long-term debt - corporate (2,548) (5,985) (8,533) 2,564 1,260 3,824 Net changes in interest expense (55,353) (70,298) (125,651) (9,893) 31,153 21,260 Net changes in interest income and expense 30,065 (22,788) 7,277 (17,476) 41,742 24,266 Net Interest Income for the Year Ended 155,454 148,177 

72 

Net Interest Income by Segment 
 The following table presents the components of net interest income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Table 5 Net Interest Income by Segment 
 Years Ended December 31, Changes (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22/'21 '21/'20 Net Interest Income by Segment Residential Mortgage Banking 12,467 21,990 5,861 (9,523) 16,129 Business Purpose Mortgage Banking 10,633 6,824 6,055 3,809 769 Investment Portfolio 181,980 155,538 150,479 26,442 5,059 Corporate/Other (49,626) (36,175) (38,484) (13,451) 2,309 Net Interest Income 155,454 148,177 123,911 7,276 24,266 
 
 73 

Results of Operations by Segment 
 Overview 
 We report on our business using three segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking, and Investment Portfolio. For additional information on our segments, refer to Part I, Item 1, and Note 24 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table presents the segment contribution from our three segments reconciled to our consolidated net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Table 6 Segment Results Summary 
 Years Ended December 31, Changes (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22/'21 '21/'20 Segment Contribution from: Residential Mortgage Banking (21,578) 82,414 (8,989) (103,992) 91,403 Business Purpose Mortgage Banking (44,285) 38,528 (67,726) (82,813) 106,254 Investment Portfolio (9,131) 293,230 (438,883) (302,361) 732,113 Corporate/Other (88,526) (94,559) (66,249) 6,033 (28,310) Net Income (Loss) (163,520) 319,613 (581,847) (483,133) 901,460 
 The sections that follow provide further detail on our three business segments and their results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Corporate/Other 
 The 6 million decrease in net expense from Corporate/Other in 2022 was primarily due to a 21 million reduction in general and administrative expenses from lower variable compensation expense associated with a decrease in earnings in 2022 from 2021, as well as 13 million of positive investment fair value changes in 2022 related to certain of our strategic investments and 2 million of gains from extinguishment of debt. One strategic investment was sold in the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in 2 million of realized fair value changes, and the remainder of the fair value changes were primarily related to unrealized fair value changes resulting from follow-on funding rounds for several investments. These changes were partially offset by an increase in corporate interest expense in 2022 resulting from the issuance of new convertible debt in June 2022 and from our trust preferred securities, which are variable rate and were impacted by higher benchmark interest rates in 2022. Additionally, we recorded a 19 million tax benefit in 2021 related to the reversal of valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. 
 The 28 million increase in net expense from Corporate/Other in 2021 was primarily due to a 24 million increase in general and administrative expense in 2021 and a 25 million gain associated with the repurchase of 125 million of convertible debt in the second quarter of 2020, partially offset by a 19 million benefit from income taxes in 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily resulted from increased accruals of variable compensation expense associated with improved financial results and a higher headcount in 2021 as compared to 2020, as well as higher long-term incentive award expense from awards granted in the second half of 2020, including retention related awards, and awards granted in early 2021 as part of our regular annual compensation process. 
 74 

Residential Mortgage Banking Segment 
 Net income from this segment is primarily comprised of net interest income earned on loans while they are held in inventory, mortgage banking activities income (including mark-to-market adjustments on loans from the time they are purchased to when they are sold or securitized, mark-to-market adjustments on new and outstanding loan purchase commitments and gains/losses from associated hedges), and all direct expenses associated with these activities. Subordinate securities that we retain from our Sequoia securitizations (many of which we consolidate for GAAP purposes) are transferred to and held in our Investment Portfolio segment. 
 The following table provides the activity of residential loans held in inventory for sale at our mortgage banking business during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 7 Loan Inventory for Residential Mortgage Banking Operations Activity 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 1,673,236 176,641 Acquisitions 3,590,055 12,939,263 Sales (3,781,560) (8,449,329) Transfers between segments (1) 
 (684,491) (3,035,095) Principal repayments (93,917) (41,458) Changes in fair value, net (75,164) 83,214 Balance at End of Period 628,160 1,673,236 
 (1) Represents the fair value of loans transferred from held-for-sale at our Residential Mortgage Banking segment to held-for-investment at our Investment Portfolio segment, associated with securitizations we sponsored that we consolidate under GAAP. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our residential mortgage loan conduit locked 4.14 billion of loans, 2.75 billion adjusted for expected pipeline fallout i.e., loan purchase commitments), including 3.62 billion of Select loans and 526 million of Choice loans, and purchased 3.59 billion of loans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we distributed 3.81 billion of loans (unpaid principal balance) through whole loan sales and completed one securitization backed by 687 million of loans (unpaid principal balance). 
 At December 31, 2022, our Residential Mortgage Banking operations had total net jumbo loan exposure of 659 million, with an average gross mortgage rate of 5.1 . This balance included 658 million (principal value) of loans in inventory on our balance sheet and 12 million of loans identified for purchase (locked loans, unadjusted for fallout), net of 9 million of forward loan sale agreements and 3 million of loans paid in full. 
 Given the evolving market conditions over the past year, we reduced capital allocated to our Residential Mortgage Banking segment by 70 throughout 2022 and expect to maintain a lower allocation to this segment for the foreseeable future. As we look ahead, we expect conditions in the consumer residential sector to remain challenging as industry volumes continue to be affected by elevated mortgage rates, which, along with record home price appreciation in recent years, has pushed housing affordability to new lows. 
 We utilize a combination of capital and our residential loan warehouse facilities to manage our inventory of residential loans held-for-sale. At December 31, 2022, we had residential warehouse facilities outstanding with seven different counterparties, with 2.55 billion of total capacity and 1.85 billion of available capacity. These included non-marginable facilities (i.e., not subject to margin calls based solely on the lender's determination, in its discretion, of the market value of the underlying collateral that is non-delinquent) with 1.38 billion of total capacity and marginable facilities with 1.18 billion of total capacity. 
 75 

The following table presents key earnings and operating metrics for our Residential Mortgage Banking segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Table 8 Residential Mortgage Banking Earnings Summary and Operating Metrics 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Mortgage banking (loss) income (8,815) 149,141 9,582 Operating expenses (25,577) (40,950) (23,138) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 12,814 (25,777) 4,567 Segment Contribution (21,578) 82,414 (8,989) Loan purchase commitments entered into (loan locks, adjusted for expected fallout) 2,751,117 11,520,508 4,817,150 
 Residential mortgage banking income presented in the table above is comprised of net interest income from residential loans held-for-sale in inventory and mortgage banking activities, net from this segment. See Note 20 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail on the composition of mortgage banking activities. Operating expenses presented in the table above includes general and administrative expenses, loan acquisition costs and other expenses for this segment. 
 In the preceding Consolidated Results of Operations section, we discussed the major factors impacting the change in net interest income and mortgage banking activities in 2022 for this segment. These decreases were partially offset by lower operating expenses, including primarily lower variable compensation expenses associated with lower earnings in 2022 compared to 2021. As part of our expense management initiatives, we reduced headcount in this segment in the fourth quarter of 2022 and have made further headcount reductions in the first quarter of 2023, which along with other reductions in variable expenses, should reduce our going-forward run rate expenses for this segment into 2023. 
 Activity at this segment is performed within our taxable REIT subsidiary, and the benefit for income taxes in 2022 reflects the losses incurred by this segment during the year. 
 76 

Business Purpose Mortgage Banking Segment 
 Net income from this segment is primarily comprised of net interest income earned on loans while they are held in inventory, mortgage banking activities income (comprised of mark-to-market adjustments on loans from the time they are originated or purchased until they are sold, securitized or transferred into our investment portfolio, gains/losses from associated hedges, and other miscellaneous income/expenses), and all direct expenses associated with these activities. Subordinate securities that we retain from our CAFL securitizations (which we consolidate for GAAP purposes) and most BPL bridge loans we originate in this segment are transferred to and held in our Investment Portfolio segment. 
 On July 1, 2022, we closed the acquisition of Riverbend, a private mortgage lender to investors in transitional residential and multifamily real estate. This acquisition added capacity, product breadth and geographic footprint to our existing bridge loan origination platform. See Note 2 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional detail on this acquisition. 
 The following table provides the business purpose loan origination activity at Redwood during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 9 Business Purpose Loans Funding Activity 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) BPL Term BPL Bridge (1) 
 Total BPL Term BPL Bridge (1) 
 Total Fair value at beginning of period 358,309 358,309 245,394 245,394 Fundings 1,101,846 1,736,038 2,837,884 1,327,001 960,223 2,287,224 Sales (415,656) (77,536) (493,192) (201,629) (2,484) (204,113) Transfers between segments (2) 
 (561,218) (1,707,084) (2,268,302) (1,023,988) (962,573) (1,986,561) Principal repayments (38,564) (7,749) (46,313) (62,209) (62,209) Riverbend loans acquired at acquisition 59,748 59,748 Changes in fair value, net (85,926) 1,865 (84,061) 73,740 4,834 78,574 Fair Value at End of Period 358,791 5,282 364,073 358,309 358,309 
 (1) We originate BPL bridge loans at our TRS and then transfer them to our REIT. Origination fees and any fair value changes on these loans prior to transfer are recognized within Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). Once the loans are transferred to our REIT, they are classified as held-for-investment, with subsequent fair value changes generally recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). For BPL bridge loans held at our REIT that are transferred into our CAFL bridge securitizations, we record any changes in fair value from the date of origination or purchase to the time of securitization as Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income. Once loans are transferred into a securitization, any changes in fair value are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). For the carrying value and activity of our BPL bridge loans held-for-investment, see the Investment Portfolio section that follows. 
 (2) For BPL term loans, amounts represent transfers of loans from held-for-sale at our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment to held-for-investment at our Investment Portfolio segment, associated with securitizations we sponsored that we consolidate under GAAP. BPL Bridge loan amounts represent the transfer of loans originated or acquired by our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment at our TRS and transferred to our Investment Portfolio segment at our REIT as described in the preceding footnote. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded 1.10 billion of BPL term loans, sold 416 million of such loans to third parties and securitized 588 million of loans through two separate transactions, including a private securitization of 274 million of loans with a large global institutional investor. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded 1.74 billion of BPL bridge loans, including 60 million of loans assumed through the Riverbend acquisition, sold 78 million of loans to third parties and transferred the remaining loans to our Investment Portfolio segment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed one business purpose loan securitization backed by approximately 250 million of BPL bridge loans that includes a 24-month revolving feature. At December 31, 2022, we had 359 million of BPL term loans and 5 million of BPL bridge loans held-for-sale on our balance sheet. 
 
 77 

BPL term loan funding volumes declined through most of 2022 and bridge loan funding volumes increased in 2022, as borrowers preferred to utilize shorter-term fully prepayable BPL bridge loans given the higher rate environment. However, we did see a recovery in term loan volumes from the third to fourth quarters of 2022 driven by renewed demand for longer-term fixed rate financing. Given the changing market conditions, we reduced our capital allocation to Business Purpose Mortgage Banking to 100 million during the third quarter of 2022, down from 150 million at the end of the end of 2021 (excluding capital associated with goodwill and intangibles), and held it there through the end of 2022. 
 We utilize a combination of capital and loan warehouse facilities to manage our inventory of business purpose loans that we hold for sale. At December 31, 2022, we had business purpose warehouse facilities outstanding with six different counterparties, with 3.24 billion of total capacity (used for both BPL term and BPL bridge loans) and 1.78 billion of available capacity (inclusive of capacity on non-recourse facilities). All of these facilities are non-marginable (i.e., not subject to margin calls based solely on the lender's determination, in its discretion, of the market value of the underlying collateral that is non-delinquent). 
 The following table presents an earnings summary for our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Table 10 Business Purpose Mortgage Banking Earnings Summary 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Mortgage banking income 21,765 116,463 83,804 Operating expenses (79,207) (69,813) (147,467) Benefit from income taxes 13,157 (8,122) (4,063) Segment Contribution (44,285) 38,528 (67,726) 
 Business purpose mortgage banking income presented in the table above is comprised of net interest income from our loans held-for-sale in inventory, mortgage banking activities, net (see Note 20 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail on the composition of mortgage banking activities), and other income, net for this segment. Operating expenses presented in the table above includes general and administrative expenses, loan acquisition costs and other expenses for this segment. 
 The decrease in contribution from our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment in 2022 was attributable to lower mortgage banking income and higher operating expenses. In the preceding Consolidated Results of Operations section, we discussed the major factors impacting the change in net interest income and mortgage banking activities for our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment in 2022. While we have observed an improvement in market conditions to begin 2023, including increased demand for business purpose loan products and spread tightening, further rate volatility could cause a re-widening of spreads, which would negatively impact our margins and profitability at this business. 
 General and administrative expenses increased during 2022, as ordinary course headcount additions in the first half of the year and the acquisition of Riverbend increased our fixed cost base at this business. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 7 million in variable compensation expenses resulting from decreased earnings at the segment in 2022. Additionally, we incurred 7 million of employee severance and transition-related expenses at this segment in the second half of 2022, associated with the previously discussed expense management initiatives. As previously discussed, our expense management initiatives continued into the first quarter of 2023, including additional reductions in headcount at this segment, which should reduce our going-forward run-rate expenses for this segment into 2023. 
 Activity at this segment is performed within our taxable REIT subsidiary, and the benefit from income taxes in 2022 was due to an overall GAAP loss incurred by this segment in 2022. 
 78 

Investment Portfolio Segment 
 Net income from this segment is primarily comprised of net interest income and other income earned on our investments and all direct expenses associated with these activities. 
 The following table presents details of our Investment Portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 organized by investments organically created through our mortgage banking segments and acquired from third-parties. Amounts presented in the table represent our retained economic interests in consolidated Sequoia, CAFL Term, Freddie Mac SLST, Freddie Mac K-Series, Servicing Investment and HEI securitizations as noted. 
 Table 11 Investment Portfolio - Detail of Economic Interests 
 (In Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Organic Residential Investments Residential loans at Redwood (1) 
 152,621 172,047 Residential securities at Redwood 103,089 143,838 Residential securities at consolidated Sequoia entities (2) 
 219,299 245,417 Other investments (3) 
 48,972 12,438 Organic Business Purpose Investments BPL Bridge loans 2,023,529 944,606 BPL term loan securities at consolidated CAFL Term entities (4) 
 303,897 301,506 Other investments 705 5,935 Third-Party Investments Residential securities at Redwood 124,567 195,930 Residential securities at consolidated Freddie Mac SLST entities (5) 
 322,803 444,751 Multifamily securities at Redwood 12,674 32,715 Multifamily securities at consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series entities (6) 
 31,767 31,657 Servicing investments (7) 
 90,120 102,540 HEIs (8) 
 283,897 43,638 Other investments 7,081 10,400 Total Segment Investments 3,725,021 2,687,418 
 (1) Balance comprised of loans called from Sequoia securitizations. 
 (2) Represents our retained economic investment in securities issued by consolidated Sequoia securitization VIEs. For GAAP purposes, we consolidated 3.19 billion of loans and 2.97 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2022. We consolidated 3.63 billion of loans and 3.38 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2021. 
 (3) Organic residential other investments at December 31, 2022 includes net risk share investments of 24 million, representing 30 million of restricted cash and other assets, net of other liabilities of 6 million. 
 (4) Represents our retained economic investment in securities issued by consolidated CAFL Term securitization VIEs. For GAAP purposes, we consolidated 2.94 billion of loans and 2.64 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2022. We consolidated 3.49 billion of loans and 3.21 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2021. 
 (5) Represents our economic investment in securities issued by consolidated Freddie Mac SLST securitization entities. For GAAP purposes, we consolidated 1.46 billion of loans and 1.14 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2022. We consolidated 1.89 billion of loans and 1.45 billion of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2021. 
 (6) Represents our economic investment in securities issued by consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series securitization entities. For GAAP purposes, we consolidated 425 million of loans and 393 million of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2022. We consolidated 474 million of loans and 442 million of ABS issued associated with these investments at December 31, 2021. 
 (7) Represents our economic investment in consolidated Servicing Investment variable interest entities. At December 31, 2022, for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 301 million of servicing investments and 207 million of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, as well as other assets and liabilities for these entities. At December 31, 2021, for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 385 million of servicing investments and 294 million of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, as well as other assets and liabilities for these entities. 
 (8) At December 31, 2022, represents HEIs owned at Redwood of 271 million and our retained economic investment in securities issued by the consolidated HEI securitization entity of 13 million. At December 31, 2021, for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 160 million of HEIs and 137 million of ABS issued, as well as other assets and liabilities for the consolidated HEI securitization entity. 
 79 

The growth in o ur investment portfolio during 2022 was primarily attributable to a net increase in BPL bridge loans, and incremental investments in HEIs through our third-party flow purchase agreements. See the " Investments Detail and Activity " section that follows for additional detail on our portfolio investments and their associated borrowings. 
 The following table presents an earnings summary for our Investment Portfolio segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Table 12 Investment Portfolio Earnings Summary 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 181,980 155,538 150,479 Investment fair value changes, net (1) 
 (191,148) 129,614 (586,204) Other income, net 18,596 10,021 (1,725) Realized gains, net 3,174 17,993 5,242 Operating expenses (15,682) (16,074) (10,779) Benefit from (Provision for) income taxes (6,051) (3,862) 4,104 Segment Contribution (9,131) 293,230 (438,883) 
 (1) Investment fair value changes is primarily comprised of the change in fair value of our portfolio investments (both realized and unrealized) accounted for under the fair value option (see Table 5.6 in Note 5 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail on the composition of investment fair value changes (the difference in amounts in the table above and Table 5.6 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements relates to fair value changes for investments held at corporate/other)). 
 The decrease in contribution from this segment during 2022 was primarily attributable to negative investment fair value changes, as discussed in the preceding Consolidated Results of Operations section of this MD A. We note our consolidated investment fair value changes include positive fair value changes from our strategic investments, which are not included within our investment portfolio segment. These decreases were partially offset by higher net interest income in 2022, as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations section of this MD A, as well as from higher other income in 2022, which was primarily driven by higher income on our MSR investments as previously discussed. 
 As previously discussed, during 2022, negative investment fair value changes primarily reflected spread widening across our investment portfolio, as credit performance of assets underlying our investments generally improved or remained stable. In addition to our excess MSR investments, we also own interest-only securities within our trading securities, and in consolidated Sequoia, Freddie Mac SLST, and CAFL entities. As a matter of course, these investments experience negative fair value changes each quarter for the reduction in their basis from the receipt of regular cash interest payments. During 2022, this negative fair value change was partially or completely offset by positive valuation changes from rising interest rates and slower current and expected prepayment speeds. 
 Other income within this segment is primarily comprised of income (loss) from our MSR investments, bridge loan fees, risk share investment income and FHLBC capital stock dividends. Details on the composition of Other income is included in Note 21 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In 2022, we realized gains of 3 million from calls of AFS securities. For 2021, we realized gains of 18 million, including 16 million of gains resulting from calls of seven seasoned Sequoia securitizations, and 1.5 million of net gains from the sale of 11 million of AFS securities. 
 The decrease in operating expenses in 2022 at this segment was primarily attributable to lower general and administrative expenses resulting from a decrease in variable compensation expense associated with the decline in financial results in 2022. 
 We hold certain investments, primarily our MSRs, at our taxable REIT subsidiary. Our provision for (benefit from) income taxes changes in relation to the amount of income earned from these assets, and for 2022 and 2021 generally reflects positive income earned in those years. 
 80 

Investments Detail and Activity 
 This section presents additional details on our investment assets and their activity during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Real Estate Securities Portfolio 
 The following table sets forth our real estate securities activity by collateral type for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 13 Real Estate Securities Activity by Collateral Type (1) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Residential Multifamily Total (In Thousands) Senior Mezzanine Subordinate Mezzanine Beginning fair value 21,787 322,909 32,715 377,411 Acquisitions 5,006 10,000 15,006 Sales (14,334) (14,541) (2,854) (31,729) Gains on sales and calls, net 1,914 594 2,508 Effect of principal payments (2) 
 (16,281) (14,321) (30,602) Change in fair value, net 16,408 (105,067) (3,460) (92,119) Ending Fair Value 28,867 198,934 12,674 240,475 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Residential Multifamily Total (In Thousands) Senior Mezzanine Subordinate Mezzanine Beginning fair value 28,464 5,663 260,743 49,255 344,125 Acquisitions 8,737 60,350 8,930 78,017 Sales (5,724) (33,863) (39,587) Gains on sales and calls, net 60 17,033 17,093 Effect of principal payments (2) 
 (26) (34,365) (23,209) (57,600) Change in fair value, net (15,414) 27 53,011 (2,261) 35,363 Ending Fair Value 
 21,787 322,909 32,715 377,411 
 (1) Amounts presented in this table include securities reported on our balance sheet and do not include securities we own in consolidated entities. See the following table for a presentation of all securities we own, including those in consolidated entities. 
 (2) Effect of principal payments reflects the change in fair value due to principal payments, which is calculated as the cash principal received on a given security during the period multiplied by the prior quarter ending price or acquisition price for that security. 
 At December 31, 2022, our securities consisted of fixed-rate assets (93 ), adjustable-rate assets (4 and hybrid assets that reset within the next year (3 ). 
 81 

The following table sets forth activity in our real estate securities portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 organized by investments organically created through our mortgage banking segments and acquired from third-parties. This table includes both our securities held on balance sheet and our economic interest in securities we own in securitizations we consolidate in accordance with GAAP. 
 Table 14 Activity of Real Estate Securities Owned at Redwood and in Consolidated Entities 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Residential Organic Business Purpose Organic Third-Party Investments Total Sequoia Securities on Balance Sheet Consolidated Sequoia Securities Consolidated CAFL Securities Consolidated SLST Securities Consolidated Multifamily Securities Other Third-Party Securities (In Thousands) Beginning fair value (1) 
 145,757 245,417 301,506 444,751 31,657 231,654 1,400,742 Acquisitions 3,742 37,290 15,006 56,038 Sales (3,854) (612) (27,875) (32,341) Gains on sales and calls, net 284 2,224 2,508 Effect of principal payments (2) 
 (10,839) (5,198) (44,740) (19,763) (80,540) Change in fair value, net (28,259) (24,050) (34,899) (77,208) 110 (63,860) (228,166) Ending Fair Value 103,089 219,299 303,897 322,803 31,767 137,386 1,118,241 
 (1) At December 31, 2021, 5 million of securities used as hedges for our residential mortgage banking operations are included within the "Sequoia Securities on balance sheet" and "Other third-party securities" column of this table. These same securities are presented as a component of securities within our residential lending segment on our segment balance sheet. These securities were sold during 2022. 
 (2) The effect of principal payments reflects the change in fair value due to principal payments, which is calculated as the cash principal received on a given security during the period multiplied by the prior quarter ending price or acquisition price for that security. 
 During 2022, we retained 37 million of securities from two BPL term loan securitizations and 4 million of securities from one Sequoia securitization. 
 At December 31, 2022 , our securities owned at Redw ood and in consolidated entities consisted of fixed-rate assets (98 ), adjustable-rate assets (1 ), and hybrid assets that reset within the next year (1 ). 
 We directly finance our holdings of real estate securities with a combination of non-recourse debt, non-marginable term debt and marginable debt in the form of repurchase (or repo financing. At December 31, 2022, real estate securities with a fair value of 416 million (including securities owned in consolidated Sequoia and CAFL securitization entities) were financed with 301 million of long-term, non-marginable recourse debt through our subordinate securities financing facilities, re-performing loan securities with a fair value of 323 million (including securities owned in consolidated securitization entities) were financed with 85 million of non-recourse securitization debt, and real estate securities with a fair value of 178 million (including securities owned in consolidated securitization entities) were financed with 125 million of short-term debt incurred through repurchase facilities with seven different counterparties. The remaining 202 million of securities, including certain securities we own that were issued by consolidated securitization entities, were financed with capital. 
 
 82 

The following table summarizes the credit characteristics of our entire real estate securities portfolio by collateral type at December 31, 2022. This table includes both our securities held on balance sheet and our economic interest in securities we own in securitizations we consolidate in accordance with GAAP. 
 Table 15 Credit Statistics of Real Estate Securities Owned at Redwood and in Consolidated Entities 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted Average Values Market Value - IO Securities Market Value - Non-IO Securities Principal Balance - Non-IO Securities Coupon 90+ Delinquency 3-Month Prepayment Rate Investment Thickness (1) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Sequoia securities on balance sheet 28,722 74,367 140,050 3.8 0.4 7 7 Consolidated Sequoia securities 25,615 193,684 245,130 4.7 1.5 7 42 Total Sequoia Securities 54,337 268,051 385,180 4.4 1.2 7 31 Consolidated Freddie Mac SLST securities 18,963 303,840 487,572 4.5 12.3 6 29 RPL securities on balance sheet 143 29,002 142,556 4.3 3.5 6 2 Total RPL Securities 19,106 332,842 630,128 4.5 11.6 6 26 Consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series securities 31,767 36,468 4.3 10 Multifamily securities on balance sheet 86 12,588 13,778 4.5 0.1 2 8 Total Multifamily Securities 86 44,355 50,246 4.3 1 10 Consolidated CAFL securities 31,813 272,084 423,266 5.3 2.5 4 17 Other third-party securities 14 95,553 141,142 3.5 0.6 7 3 Total Securities 105,356 1,012,885 1,629,962 
 (1) Investment thickness represents the average size of the subordinate securities we own as investments in securitizations, relative to the average overall size of the securitizations. For example, if our investment thickness (of first-loss securities) with respect to a particular securitization is 10 , we have exposure to the first 10 of credit losses resulting from loans underlying that securitization. We generally own first loss positions in Sequoia, RPL and CAFL securities. We own both first loss and mezzanine positions (positions credit enhanced by subordinate securities) in multifamily and other third-party securities. 
 We primarily target investments that have a sensitivity to housing credit risk, typically sourced through our operating businesses where we control the underwriting and review of underlying collateral, or investments sourced through third-parties that support our long-term thesis on the outlook for housing credit. During 2022, our investment portfolio continued to demonstrate solid performance across a range of credit metrics, including loan delinquencies which generally remained stable, and loan-to-value ratios (LTVs), which declined or remained stable. Given the seasoned nature of our investments (particularly within our RPL securities and Sequoia securities), many of these investments are supported by substantial home price appreciation and borrower equity in the underlying homes. 
 
 83 

BPL Bridge Loans Held-for-Investment 
 The following table provides the activity of BPL bridge loans held-for-investment at Redwood during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 16 BPL Bridge Loans Held-for-Investment - Activity 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Fair value at beginning of period 944,606 641,765 Sales (2,280) (7,000) Transfers between portfolios (1) 
 1,707,084 962,573 Transfers to REO (3,974) (15,424) Principal repayments (615,401) (639,479) Changes in fair value, net (6,506) 2,171 Fair Value at End of Period 2,023,529 944,606 
 (1) We originate BPL bridge loans at our TRS and then transfer them to our REIT. Origination fees and any fair value changes on these loans prior to transfer are recognized within Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). Once the loans are transferred to our REIT, they are classified as held-for-investment, with subsequent fair value changes generally recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). For BPL bridge loans held at our REIT that are transferred into our CAFL bridge securitizations, we record any changes in fair value from the date of origination or purchase to the time of securitization as Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). Once loans are transferred into these securitizations, any changes in fair value are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Our 2.02 billion of BPL bridge loans held-for-investment at December 31, 2022 were comprised of first-lien, interest-only loans with a weighted average coupon of 9.63 and original maturities of six to 36 months. At origination, the weighted average FICO score of borrowers backing these loans was 743 and the weighted average LTV ratio of these loans was 66 . At December 31, 2022, of the 3,476 loans in this portfolio, 48 of these loans with an aggregate fair value of 29 million and an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 34 million were in foreclosure, of which 49 loans with an aggregate fair value of 30 million and an unpaid principal balance of 34 million were greater than 90 days delinquent. 
 We finance our BPL bridge loans with a combination of recourse, non-marginable warehouse facilities, non-recourse, non-marginable warehouse facilities, and non-recourse securitization debt. At December 31, 2022, we had two bridge loan securitizations with a combined total borrowing capacity of 550 million, which included respective original 24-month and 30-month revolving features that allow us to add additional loans into the entities to be financed, as loans within the entities pay down. At December 31, 2022, we had 478 million of debt outstanding in these securitization entities, secured by 561 million of loans and other assets, 424 million of debt incurred through short-term warehouse facilities with four different counterparties, which was secured by 580 million of loans, and 723 million of debt incurred through long-term facilities with three different counterparties, which was secured by 898 million of loans. 
 The following table provides the composition of BPL bridge loans held-for-investment by product type as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 17 BPL Bridge Loans Held-for-Investment - By Product Type 
 (In Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Multifamily 1,055,533 326,004 Renovate / Build to rent 736,368 375,729 Fix and Flip 105,157 150,928 Other 126,471 91,945 Fair Value at End of Period 2,023,529 944,606 
 84 

Residential Loans 
 During 2021 and 2022, we called several of our unconsolidated Sequoia securitizations and purchased loans from the associated securitization trusts and held those loans for sale within our Investment Portfolio segment. The following table provides the activity of residential loans held at our investment portfolio during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 18 Investment Portfolio Residential Loans - Activity 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Fair value at beginning of period 172,048 Acquisitions 102,258 200,890 Sales (48,759) Principal repayments (56,238) (31,654) Changes in fair value, net (16,688) 2,812 Fair Value at End of Period 152,621 172,048 
 At December 31, 2022, we had entered into a commitment to sell 135 million of the outstanding loans, for which the sale settled in January 2023. 
 Home Equity Investments 
 The following table provides the activity of HEI held at our investment portfolio during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 19 HEI - Activity 
 Home Equity Investments (1) 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 192,740 42,440 New/additional investments 248,218 155,023 Sales/distribution Repayments (42,744) (19,396) Changes in fair value, net 5,248 14,673 Balance at End of Period 403,462 192,740 
 (1) Ou r home equity investments presented in this table as of December 31, 2022 , included 271 million of HEIs owned directly at Redwood and 133 million of HEIs owned in our consolidated HEI securitization entity. At December 31, 2022 , our economic investment in the consolidated HEI securitization entity was 13 million (for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 133 million of HEIs and 101 million of ABS issued, as well as other assets and liabilities for this entity). 
 Changes in fair value, net for HEIs primarily reflect changes in actual and expected home price appreciation (HPA). While home prices generally increased during the first half of 2022, in the second half of 2022, some geographic regions began experiencing home price declines leading to a downward adjustment of our HPA assumptions, which negatively affected HEI valuations. Additional details on our HEIs is included in Note 10 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a recourse, non-marginable warehouse facility to finance HEI. At December 31, 2022, we had 112 million of debt outstanding on this warehouse facility, secured by 191 million of HEI. 
 85 

Other Investments 
 The following table sets forth our other investments activity by significant asset type for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Table 20 Other Investments at Investment Portfolio Segment - Activity (1) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Servicing 
 Investments (2) 
 MSRs and 
 Excess 
 Servicing (2) 
 Other Total (In Thousands) Balance at beginning of period 350,923 56,669 5,935 413,527 New/additional investments 4,638 4,638 Sales/distributions/repayments (5,995) (5,995) Servicer advances (repayments), net (70,589) (70,589) Changes in fair value, net (11,075) 3,358 765 (6,952) Other (209) (209) Balance at End of Period 269,259 64,456 705 334,420 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Servicing 
 Investments (2) 
 MSRs and 
 Excess 
 Servicing (2) 
 Other Total (In Thousands) Balance at beginning of period 231,489 43,233 26,563 301,285 New/additional investments 196,583 24,896 221,479 Sales/distributions/repayments (21,947) (21,947) Servicer advances (repayments), net (76,223) (76,223) Changes in fair value, net (926) (11,204) 1,242 (10,888) Other (256) 77 (179) Balance at End of Period 350,923 56,669 5,935 413,527 
 (1) Excludes 57 million of Strategic investments which are included in Corporate/Other. 
 (2) Our servicing investments are owned through our consolidated Servicing Investment entities. At December 31, 2022 , our economic investment in these entities was 90 million (for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 301 million of servicing investments, 207 million of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, as well as other assets and liabil ities for these entities). At December 31, 2021, our economic investment in these entities was 103 million (for GAAP purposes, we consolidated 385 million of servicing investments, 294 million of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, as well as other assets and liabilities for these entities). 
 Changes in fair value for MSRs and excess servicing include a negative fair value change for a reduction in basis from the regular receipt of scheduled cash flows, which in 2022, was more than offset by a positive impact to fair value from a decrease in actual and forecasted prepayment speeds, and in 2021 saw further negative fair value changes resulting from an increase in actual and forecasted prepayment speeds. 
 Additional details on our other investments is included in Note 11 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 86 

Income Taxes 
 Taxable Income, REIT Status and Dividend Characterization 
 As a REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code, Redwood is required to distribute to shareholders at least 90 of its annual REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains, and meet certain other requirements that relate to, among other matters, the assets it holds, the income it generates, and the composition of its stockholders. To the extent Redwood retains REIT taxable income, including net capital gains, it is taxed at corporate tax rates. Redwood also earns taxable income at its taxable REIT subsidiaries (TRS), which it is not required to distribute under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 In December 2022, our Board of Directors declared a regular dividend of 0.23 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022, which was paid on December 28, 2022 to shareholders of record on December 20, 2022. At December 31, 2021, our full-year dividend distributions of 0.92 per share exceeded our minimum distribution requirements and we believe that we have met all requirements for qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Many requirements for qualification as a REIT are complex and require analysis of particular facts and circumstances. Often there is only limited judicial or administrative interpretive guidance and as such there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or courts would agree with our various tax positions. If we were to fail to meet all the requirements for qualification as a REIT and the requirements for statutory relief, we would be subject to federal corporate income tax on our taxable income and we would not be able to elect to be taxed as a REIT for four years thereafter. Such an outcome could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 While our minimum REIT dividend requirement is generally 90 of our annual REIT taxable income, we carried a 37 million federal net operating loss carry forward (NOL) into 2022 at our REIT that affords us the ability to retain REIT taxable income up to the NOL amount, tax free, rather than distributing it as dividends. Federal income tax rules require the dividends paid deduction to be applied to reduce REIT taxable income before the applicability of NOLs is considered; therefore, REIT taxable income must exceed our dividend distribution for us to utilize a portion of our NOL and any remaining NOL amount will carry forward into future years. 
 The tax basis in assets and liabilities at the REIT was 4.06 billion and 2.94 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The GAAP basis in assets and liabilities at the REIT was 11.33 billion and 10.25 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The primary difference in both the tax and GAAP assets and liabilities is attributable to securitization entities that are consolidated for GAAP reporting purposes but not for tax purposes. 
 Our 2022 dividend distributions are expected to be characterized for federal income tax purposes as 58 ordinary dividend income and 42 qualified dividends. Under the federal income tax rules applicable to REITs, none of the 2022 dividend distributions are expected to be characterized as a return of capital or long-term capital gain dividend income. The income or loss generated at our TRS does not directly affect the tax characterization of our 2022 dividends; however, the 45 million dividend paid from our TRS to our REIT allowed a portion of our REIT s dividends to be classified as qualified dividends. 
 Tax Provision under GAAP 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of 20 million, a tax provision of 18 million and a tax benefit of 5 million, respectively. Our tax provision is primarily derived from the activities at our TRS as we do not book a material tax provision associated with income generated at our REIT. Our TRS income is generally earned from our mortgage banking activities, MSRs, and other non-REIT eligible security investments. Our TRS effective tax rate in 2022 slightly exceeded the federal statutory corporate tax rate due to state taxes. 
 Realization of our deferred tax assets ("DTAs") is dependent on many factors, including generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of NOL carryforwards (where applicable) and generating sufficient capital gains in future periods prior to the expiration of capital loss carryforwards. We determine the extent to which realization of our DTAs is not assured and establish a valuation allowance accordingly. At December 31, 2021, we reported net federal ordinary and capital DTAs with no valuation allowance recorded against them. As we experienced full-year 2022 GAAP losses at our TRS, we closely analyzed the realizability of our net deferred tax assets in whole and in part. We evaluate our deferred tax assets each period to determine if a valuation allowance is required based on whether it is "more likely than not" that some portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income during future periods. We conduct our evaluation by considering, among other things, all available positive and negative evidence, historical operating results and cumulative earnings analysis, forecasts of future profitability, and the duration of statutory carryforward periods. Based on this analysis, we continue to believe it is more likely than not that we will realize our federal deferred tax assets in future periods as income is earned at our TRS; therefore, there continues to be no material valuation allowance recorded against our net federal DTAs. This evaluation requires significant judgment in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in the period including such change. 
 87 

If in a future period, based on available evidence, we conclude that it is not more likely than not that our DTAs will be realized, then a valuation allowance would be established with a corresponding charge to GAAP earnings, which would reduce our book value. Such charges could cause a material reduction, up to the full value of our net DTAs for which a valuation allowance has not previously been established, to our GAAP earnings and book value per share for the quarterly and annual periods in which they are established and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial results, or liquidity. 
 Consistent with prior periods, we continued to maintain a valuation allowance against the majority of our net state DTAs as realization of our state DTAs is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the same jurisdictions in which the DTAs exist and we project most of our state DTAs will expire prior to their utilization. 
 The following table details our federal NOLs and capital loss carryforwards available as of December 31, 2022. 
 Table 21 - Net Operating and Capital Loss Carryforwards Loss Carryforward Expiration by Period 1 to 3 3 to 5 5 to 15 After 15 No (In Thousands) Years Years Years Years Expiration Total REIT Loss Carryforwards Net operating loss (28,684) (8,757) (37,441) Capital loss (289,806) (289,806) Total REIT Loss Carryforwards (289,806) (28,684) (8,757) (327,247) TRS Loss Carryforwards Net operating loss (88,841) (88,841) Capital loss Total TRS Loss Carryforwards (88,841) (88,841) California Combined Loss Carryforwards Net operating loss (1,110,664) (89,719) (1,200,383) Capital loss (201,371) (201,371) Total California Combined Loss Carryforwards (201,371) (1,110,664) (89,719) (1,401,754) 
 88 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Summary 
 In addition to the proceeds from equity and debt capital-raising transactions, our principal sources of cash and liquidity consist of borrowings under mortgage loan warehouse facilities, secured term financing facilities, securities repurchase agreements, payments of principal and interest we receive from our investment portfolio assets, proceeds from the sale of investment portfolio assets, and cash generated from our operating activities. Our most significant uses of cash are to purchase and originate mortgage loans for our mortgage banking operations and manage hedges associated with those activities, to purchase investment securities and make other investments, to repay principal and interest on our debt, to meet margin calls associated with our debt and other obligations, to make dividend payments on our capital stock, and to fund our operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, our total capital was 1.93 billion and included 1.08 billion of equity capital and 843 million of convertible notes and long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet, including 177 million of convertible debt due in 2023, 150 million of convertible debt due in 2024, 162 million of exchangeable debt due in 2025, 215 million of convertible debt due in 2027 and 140 million of trust-preferred securities due in 2037. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our unrestricted cash was 259 million. In January 2023, we issued Preferred Stock for net proceeds of approximately 67 million (See Note 25 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on this issuance), closed an SEMT securitization backed by 333 million of loans and sold 213 million of BPL term loans to a large institutional investor, generating additional cash. 
 While we believe our available cash is sufficient to fund our operations, we may raise equity or debt capital from time to time to increase our unrestricted cash and liquidity, to repay existing debt, to make long-term portfolio investments, to fund strategic acquisitions, investments and internal initiatives, including acquisitions of, investments in, and initiatives related to, internal and third-party residential and business purpose mortgage origination platforms and home equity investment origination platforms, or for other purposes. To the extent we seek to raise additional capital, our approach will continue to be based on what we believe to be in the best interests of the company and, therefore, our stockholders. 
 In the discussion that follows and throughout this document, we distinguish between marginable and non-marginable debt. When we refer to non-marginable debt and marginable debt, we are referring to whether or not such debt is subject to margin calls based solely on the lender's determination, in its discretion, of the market value of the underlying collateral that is non-delinquent. If a mortgage loan is financed under a marginable warehouse facility, to the extent the market value of the loan declines (which market value is determined by the counterparty under the facility), we will be subject to a margin call, meaning we will be required to either immediately reacquire the loan or meet a margin requirement to pledge additional collateral, such as cash or additional mortgage loans, in an amount at least equal to the decline in value. Non-marginable debt may be subject to a margin call due to delinquency or another credit event related to the mortgage or security being financed, a decline in the value of the underlying asset securing the collateral, an extended dwell time (i.e., period of time financed using a particular financing facility) for certain types of loans, or a change in the interest rate of a specified reference security relative to a base interest rate amount, among other reasons. For example, we could be subject to a margin call on non-marginable debt if an appraisal or broker price opinion indicates a decline in the estimated value of the property securing the mortgage loan or home equity investment that is financed by us under a warehouse facility, or based on the occurrence of a triggering credit event impacting the financed collateral which is followed by a decline in the market value of the financed collateral (as determined by the lender). 
 We also distinguish between recourse and non-recourse debt. When we refer to non-recourse debt, we mean debt that is payable solely from the assets pledged to secure such debt, and under which debt no creditor or lender has direct or indirect recourse to us, or any other entity or person (except for customary exceptions for fraud, acts of insolvency, or other "bad acts"), if such assets are inadequate or unavailable to pay off such debt. 
 At December 31, 2022, in aggregate, we had 1.99 billion of secured recourse debt outstanding, financing our mortgage banking operations and investment portfolio, of which 372 million was marginable and 1.62 billion was non-marginable. 
 We are subject to risks relating to our liquidity and capital resources, including risks relating to incurring debt under loan warehouse facilities, securities repurchase facilities, and other short- and long-term debt facilities and other risks relating to our use of derivatives. A further discussion of these risks is set forth below under the heading Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short-and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities " and in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 89 

Repurchase Authorization 
 In August 2022, our Board of Directors approved an authorization for the repurchase of up to 125 million of our common stock, and also authorized the repurchase of outstanding debt securities, including convertible and exchangeable debt. Under this authorization, shares or securities may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This common stock repurchase authorization replaced the 100 million common stock repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in 2018, has no time limit, may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or securities. The Board of Directors also continued its previous authorization for the repurchase of outstanding debt securities. Like other investments we may make, any repurchases of our common stock or debt securities under this authorization would reduce our available capital and unrestricted cash described above. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 7.1 million shares of our common stock for 56 million and repurchased 32 million of our convertible notes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock or convertible notes. At December 31, 2022, 101 million of the current authorization remained available for the repurchase of shares of our common stock and we also continued to be authorized to repurchase outstanding debt securities. 
 Cash Flows and Liquidity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Cash flows from our mortgage banking activities and our investments can be volatile from quarter to quarter depending on many factors, including the timing and amount of loan originations, acquisitions, sales and profitability within our mortgage banking operations, the timing and amount of securities acquisitions, sales and repayments, as well as changes in interest rates, prepayments, and credit losses. Therefore, cash flows generated in the current period are not necessarily reflective of the long-term cash flows we will receive from these operations or investments. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities were negative 139 million in 2022. This amount includes the net cash utilized during the period from the purchase and sale of residential mortgage loans and the origination and sale of our business purpose loans associated with our mortgage banking activities. Purchases of loans are financed to a large extent with short-term and long-term debt, for which changes in cash are included as a component of financing activities. Excluding cash flows from the purchase, origination, sale, principal payments of loans classified as held-for-sale, as well as the settlement of associated derivatives, cash flows from operating activities were positive 68 million in 2022. 
 As presented in the " Supplemental Noncash Information " subsection of our consolidated statements of cash flows, during 2022, 2021, and 2020, we transferred loans between held-for-sale and held-for-investment classification and retained securities from Sequoia and CAFL securitizations we sponsored, which represent significant non-cash transactions that were not included in cash flows from operating activities. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During 2022, our net cash provided by investing activities was 214 million and primarily resulted from proceeds from principal payments on investments. These amounts were partially offset by cash outflows for new investments, including primarily BPL bridge loans and HEIs. Although we generally intend to hold our investment securities and loans as long-term investments, we may sell certain of these assets in order to manage our liquidity ne eds and interest rate risk , to meet other operating objectives, and to adapt to market conditions. 
 Because many of our investment securities, loans and HEIs are financed through various borrowing agreements, a significant portion of the proceeds from any sales or principal payments of these assets are generally used to repay balances under these financing sources. Similarly, all or a significant portion of cash flows from principal payments of loans, securities and HEIs at consolidated securitization entities would generally be used to repay ABS issued by those entities. 
 As presented in the " Supplemental Noncash Information " subsection of our consolidated statements of cash flows, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, we transferred residential loans between held-for-sale and held-for-investment classification, retained securities from SEMT (Sequoia), CAFL , and HEI-backed securitizations we sponsored and deconsolidated certain multifamily securitization trusts, which represent significant non-cash transactions that were not included in cash flows from investing activities. 
 90 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 During 2022, our net cash used in financing activities was 277 million. This primarily resulted from 1.12 billion of net paydowns on short-term borrowings, resulting primarily from a reduction in financed loan inventory at our mortgage banking operations through December 31, 2022, as well as from the payment of our yearly dividends totaling 112 million and 33 million of net repayments under ABS issued (net of proceeds from the issuance of CAFL SFR, CAFL bridge and SEMT (Sequoia) ABS securitizations) during the year ended December 31, 2022. These amounts were partially offset by net long-term debt borrowings of 985 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, which included the issuance of 215 million of convertible notes in June 2022, proceeds from a new 150 million facility to finance HEIs completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, incremental borrowings to finance new investments, primarily in BPL bridge loans, and incremental financing on other investments, such as securities. Cash raised through stock issuances under our ATM program of 68 million during the first quarter of 2022 were partially offset by stock repurchases of 56 million during 2022. 
 On December 8, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a regular dividend of 0.23 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022, which was paid on December 28, 2022 to shareholders of record on December 20, 2022. In total, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared dividends of 0.92 per common share. 
 In accordance with the terms of our outstanding deferred stock units, cash-settled deferred stock units and restricted stock units, which are stock-based compensation awards, each time we declare and pay a dividend on our common stock, we are required to make a dividend equivalent payment in that same per share amount on each outstanding deferred stock unit, cash-settled deferred stock unit, and restricted stock unit. 
 Cash Flows and Liquidity for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities were negative 5.69 billion in 2021. This amount includes the net cash utilized during the period from the purchase and sale of residential mortgage loans and the origination and sale of our business purpose loans associated with our mortgage banking activities. Purchases of loans are financed to a large extent with short-term and long-term debt, for which changes in cash are included as a component of financing activities. Excluding cash flows from the purchase, origination, sale and principal payments of loans classified as held-for-sale, as well as the settlement of associated derivatives, cash flows from operating activities were negative 17 million in 2021. 
 As presented in the " Supplemental Noncash Information " subsection of our consolidated statements of cash flows, during 2021, 2020, and 2019, we transferred loans between held-for-sale and held-for-investment classification, retained securities from SEMT (Sequoia) and CAFL securitizations we sponsored, which represent significant non-cash transactions that were not included in cash flows from operating activities. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During 2021, our net cash provided by investing activities was 1.40 billion and primarily resulted from proceeds from principal payments on loans and real estate securities. Although we generally intend to hold our investment securities and loans as long-term investments, we may sell certain of these assets in order to manage our liquidity ne eds and interest rate risk , to meet other operating objectives, and to adapt to market conditions. 
 Because many of our investment securities and loans are financed through various borrowing agreements, a significant portion of the proceeds from any sales or principal payments of these assets are generally used to repay balances under these financing sources. Similarly, all or a significant portion of cash flows from principal payments of loans, securities and HEIs at consolidated securitization entities would generally be used to repay ABS issued by those entities. 
 As presented in the " Supplemental Noncash Information " subsection of our consolidated statements of cash flows, during 2021, 2020, and 2019, we transferred residential loans between held-for-sale and held-for-investment classification, retained securities from SEMT (Sequoia), CAFL and HEI-backed securitizations we sponsored, consolidated certain multifamily and re-performing residential securitization trusts, and deconsolidated certain multifamily securitization trusts, which represent significant non-cash transactions that were not included in cash flows from investing activities. 
 91 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 During 2021, our net cash provided by financing activities was 4.28 billion. This primarily resulted from 2.48 billion of net issuance of asset-backed securities and 1.83 billion of net borrowings under short-term debt facilities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared dividends of 0.78 per common share. 
 In accordance with the terms of our outstanding deferred stock units and restricted stock units, which are stock-based compensation awards, each time we declare and pay a dividend on our common stock, we are required to make a dividend equivalent payment in that same per share amount on each outstanding deferred stock unit, cash-settled deferred stock unit, and restricted stock unit. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into transactions that may require future cash payments. As required by GAAP, some of these obligations are recorded on our balance sheet, while others are off-balance sheet or recorded on the balance sheet in amounts different from the full contractual or notional amount of the transaction. 
 Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations during the twelve months following December 31, 2022 include maturing short-term debt, interest payments on short-term and long-term debt, payments on operating leases, funding commitments for BPL bridge loans and under HEI flow purchase agreements and other current payables. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations beyond the twelve months following December 31, 2022 include maturing long-term debt, interest payments on long-term debt, payments on operating leases and funding commitments for BPL bridge loans and under HEI flow purchase agreements. The following table presents our material contractual and other obligations at December 31, 2022, as well as the obligations of the securitization entities that we consolidate for financial reporting purposes. 
 Table 22 Contractual and Other Obligations 
 December 31, 2022 Payments Due or Commitment Expiration by Period (In Millions) Next Twelve Months Beyond Next Twelve Months Short-term debt 2,033 Long-term debt 1,746 Accrued interest payable 47 Other current payables 150 Anticipated interest payments on long-term debt 122 272 Operating leases 5 16 Bridge loan commitments 293 611 HEI flow purchase commitments (1) 
 69 Commitment to fund partnerships 10 Consolidated ABS (2) 
 8,944 Total Obligations and Commitments 2,729 11,589 
 
 (1) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we exercised our contractual option to reduce our HEI purchase commitments and, as of February 28, 2023, we had 14 million of remaining HEI purchase commitments. 
 (2) Obligations of Consolidated ABS are collateralized by real estate loans or other real estate-related assets, are not legal obligations of Redwood and do not represent contractual obligations requiring cash or liquidity from Redwood. Although the stated maturity is as shown, the ABS obligations will pay down as the principal balances of these real estate loans or securities pay down. The amount shown is the principal balance of the ABS issued and not necessarily the value reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 We expect to meet our obligations coming due in less than one year from December 31, 2022 , through a combination of cash on hand, payments of principal and interest we receive from our investment portfolio assets, proceeds from the sale of investment portfolio assets, cash generated from our operating activities, or incremental borrowings under existing, new or amended financing arrangements. At December 31, 2022, we had over 300 million of pledgeable assets that were unencumbered. 
 92 

At December 31, 2022, we had commitments to fund up to 904 million of additional advances on existing BPL bridge loans. These commitments are generally subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding the financial performance of the borrower and other terms regarding advances that must be met before we fund the commitment (e.g., funding is dependent on actual progress on a project and we retain the option to conduct due diligence with respect to each draw request to confirm conditions have been met). Approximately 70 of the commitments are for longer-term build-for-rent loans (which in many cases have funding caps below their full commitment amount) and are expected to fund over the next eleven quarters. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had 1.78 billion of available warehouse capacity for business purpose loans and the majority of our 2.0 billion balance of BPL bridge loans outstanding matures over the next 12 to 24 months, which will provide an additional source of cash that can be used to fund our commitments. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding flow purchase agreements with multiple third parties, with aggregate purchase commitments of 69 million outstanding. These purchase agreements specify monthly minimum and maximum amounts of HEIs subject to such purchase commitments. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we exercised our contractual option to reduce our HEI purchase commitments and, as of February 28, 2023, we had 14 million of remaining HEI purchase commitments. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a repurchase agreement providing financing for HEIs. The committed amount and maximum borrowing limit under the facility is 150 million and the facility has a one-year term. At December 31, 2022, there were 112 million of borrowings outstanding under this facility. 
 For additional information on commitments and contingencies as of December 31, 2022 that could impact our liquidity and capital resources, see Note 17 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Most of our loan warehouse facilities were established with initial one-year terms and are regularly amended on an annual basis to extend the terms for an additional year ahead of their maturity. We successfully renewed all of our facilities that were scheduled to mature in 2022 and have scheduled maturities of such facilities during the next twelve months. While there is no assurance of our ability to renew these facilities, given current market conditions we would expect to extend these in the normal course of business. 
 Throughout 2022, benchmark interest rates increased, increasing the borrowing costs on our outstanding variable rate debt and new financing agreements we entered into, including to refinance fixed-rate debt that matured. Given current market expectations for continued interest rate increases, we expect our borrowing costs could continue to increase in 2023. Additionally, certain of our borrowing agreements have interest rate step-up provisions that come into effect in 2023 and beyond if we do not repay the debt under optional redemption provisions. Depending on when we choose to repay this debt, our borrowing costs could increase. 
 During 2022, the highest balance of our short-term debt outstanding was 2.39 billion. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our short-term debt. See Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our long-term debt. 
 Liquidity Needs for our Mortgage Banking Activities 
 We generally use loan warehouse facilities to finance the residential loans we acquire and the business purpose loans we originate or acquire in our mortgage banking operations while we aggregate the loans for sale or securitization. These facilities may be designated as short-term or long-term for financial reporting purposes, depending on the remaining maturity of the facility or the amount of time individual borrowings may remain outstanding on a facility. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had residential loan warehouse facilities outstanding with seven different counterparties, with 2.55 billion of total capacity and 1.85 billion of available capacity. These included non-marginable facilities with 1.38 billion of total capacity and marginable facilities with 1.18 billion of total capacity. At December 31, 2022, we had business purpose loan warehouse facilities outstanding with five different counterparties, with 3.24 billion of total capacity and 1.78 billion of available capacity . We note that several of these facilities used to finance our business purpose mortgage banking loan inventory are also used to finance bridge loans held in our investment portfolio. All of these facilities are non-marginable. 
 As discussed above, several of the facilities we use to finance our mortgage banking loan inventory are short-term in nature and will require renewals. Additionally, because several of our warehouse facilities are uncommitted, at any given time we may not be able to obtain additional financing under them when we need it, exposing us to, among other things, liquidity risks. Additional information regarding risks related to the debt we use to finance our mortgage banking operations can be found under the heading " Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities " that follows within this section. 
 93 

Liquidity Needs for our Investment Portfolio 
 We use various forms of secured recourse and non-recourse debt to finance assets in our investment portfolio. We distinguish our debt between recourse and non-recourse, as our non-recourse debt is mostly comprised of ABS issued, which has unique characteristics that differentiate it in important ways from our recourse debt. When we refer to non-recourse debt, we mean debt that is payable solely from the assets pledged to secure such debt, and under which debt no creditor or lender has direct or indirect recourse to us, or any other entity or person (except for customary exceptions for fraud, acts of insolvency, or other "bad acts"), if such assets are inadequate or unavailable to pay off such debt. 
 ABS issued represents debt of securitization entities that we consolidate for GAAP reporting purposes. Our exposure to these entities is primarily through the financial interests we have purchased or retained from these entities (typically subordinate securities and interest only securities). Each securitization entity is independent of Redwood and of each other and the assets and liabilities are not owned by and are not legal obligations of Redwood. As the debt issued by these entities is not a direct obligation of Redwood, and since the debt generally can remain outstanding for the full term of the loans it is financing within each securitization, this debt effectively provides permanent financing for these assets. See Note 4 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on our principles of consolidation and Note 15 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on our asset-backed securities issued. 
 Separately, we use non-recourse debt in the form of non-marginable term facilities to finance a portion of our business purpose bridge loan portfolio. While this debt is non-recourse to Redwood, it does have fixed terms with prepayment options that allows us to refinance this debt or ultimately repay it upon maturity. The remainder of the debt we use to finance our investments is recourse debt. For securities we have financed, the majority of our financing is in the form of recourse non-marginable secured term debt, with the remainder being marginable securities repurchase debt. Additionally, a portion of our business purpose bridge loan portfolio is financed with recourse non-marginable secured term debt. 
 At December 31, 2022, in aggregate, we had 2.86 billion of secured recourse debt outstanding, financing our investment portfolio, of which 372 million was marginable and 2.30 billion was non-marginable. 
 Corporate Capital 
 In addition to secured recourse and non-recourse leverage we use specifically in association with our mortgage banking operations and within our investment portfolio, we also use unsecured recourse debt to finance our overall operations. This is generally in the form of convertible debt securities we issue in the public markets and also includes trust preferred securities and promissory notes. See Note 14 and Note 16 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on our short-term and long-term debt, respectively. 
 94 

Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities 
 As described above under the heading Results of Operations , in the ordinary course of our business, we use debt financing obtained through several different types of borrowing facilities to, among other things, finance the acquisition and/or origination of residential and business purpose mortgage loans (including those we acquire and/or originate in anticipation of sale or securitization), and finance investments in HEIs, securities and other investments. We may also use short- and long-term borrowings to fund other aspects of our business and operations, including the repurchase of shares of our common stock or convertible debt. Debt incurred under these facilities is generally either the direct obligation of Redwood Trust, Inc., or the direct obligation of subsidiaries of Redwood Trust, Inc. and guaranteed by Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 
 Residential and Business Purpose Loan and HEI Warehouse Facilities . One source of our debt financing is secured borrowings under loan warehouse facilities. These facilities may be designated as short-term or long-term for financial reporting purposes, depending on the remaining maturity of the facility or the amount of time individual borrowings may remain outstanding on a facility. Residential loan warehouse facilities were in place with seven different financial institution counterparties as of December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had business purpose loan warehouse facilities secured by BPL term and BPL bridge loans, in place with five financial institution counterparties. As of December 31, 2022, we also had in place one warehouse facility secured by HEIs. Under our residential loan warehouse facilities, we had an aggregate borrowing limit of 2.55 billion at December 31, 2022, under our business purpose loan warehouse facilities we had an aggregate borrowing limit of 3.24 billion at December 31, 2022, and under our HEI warehouse facility we had an aggregate borrowing limit of 150 million at December 31, 2022. However, several of these facilities are uncommitted, which means that any request we make to borrow funds under these facilities may be declined for any reason, even if at the time of the borrowing request we have then-outstanding borrowings that are less than the borrowing limits under these facilities. Financing for residential or business purpose mortgage loans or HEIs is obtained under these facilities by our transfer of mortgage loans or HEIs to the counterparty in exchange for cash proceeds (in an amount less than 100 of the principal amount of the transferred mortgage loans or HEIs), and our covenant to reacquire those loans or HEIs from the counterparty for the same amount plus a financing charge. 
 In order to obtain financing for a residential or business purpose loan or HEI under these facilities, the loan or HEI must initially (and continuously while the financing remains outstanding) meet certain eligibility criteria, including, for example, that a loan is not in a delinquent or defaulted status (although certain loan financing facilities may allow a loan to continue to be financed if it becomes delinquent, if it meets specified conditions). In addition, under these warehouse facilities, residential or business purpose loans can only be financed for a maximum period, which period may be limited to 364 days for our short-term warehouse facilities, and we may be subject to geographic concentration limits of underlying assets being financed under the facility. We generally intend to repay the financing of a loan or HEI under one of these facilities at or prior to the expiration of that financing with the proceeds of a securitization or other sale of that asset, through the proceeds of other short-term or long-term borrowings, or with other equity or long-term debt capital. 
 Our warehouse facilities may be marginable or non-marginable. When we refer to non-marginable debt and marginable debt, we are referring to whether such debt is subject to market value-based margin calls on underlying collateral that is non-delinquent. If a mortgage loan is financed under a marginable warehouse facility, to the extent the market value of the loan declines (which market value is generally determined by the counterparty under the facility), we will be subject to a margin call, meaning we will be required to either immediately reacquire the loan or meet a margin requirement to pledge additional collateral, such as cash or additional residential loans, in an amount at least equal to the decline in value. Non-marginable debt may be subject to a margin call due to delinquency or another credit event related to the mortgage or security being financed, a decline in the value of the underlying asset securing the collateral, an extended dwell time (i.e., period of time financed using a particular financing facility) for certain types of loans, or a change in the interest rate of a specified reference security relative to a base interest rate amount. For example, we could be subject to a margin call on non-marginable debt if an appraisal or broker price opinion indicates a decline in the estimated value of the property securing the mortgage loan that is financed, or based on the occurrence of a triggering credit event impacting the financed collateral which is followed by a decline in the market value of the financed collateral (as determined by the lender). See further discussion below under the heading Margin Call Provisions Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 Because several of these warehouse facilities are uncommitted, at any given time we may not be able to obtain additional financing under them when we need it, exposing us to, among other things, liquidity risks of the types described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks . In addition, with respect to residential or business purpose loans or HEIs that at any given time are already being financed through these warehouse facilities, we are exposed to market, credit, liquidity, and other risks of the types described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks , if and when those loans or HEIs become ineligible to be financed, decline in value, or have been financed for the maximum term permitted under the applicable facility. 
 95 

Under our residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities, we also make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms that if breached or triggered can result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs. In particular, the terms of these facilities include financial covenants, cross-default provisions, judgment default provisions, and other events of default (such as, for example, events of default triggered by one of the following: a change in control over Redwood, regulatory investigation or enforcement action against Redwood, Redwood s failure to continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, or Redwood s failure to maintain the listing of its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange). Under a cross-default provision, an event of default is triggered (and the warehouse facility becomes unavailable and outstanding amounts borrowed thereunder become due and payable) if an event of default or similar event occurs under another borrowing or credit facility we maintain in excess of a specified amount. Under a judgment default provision, an event of default is triggered (and the warehouse facility becomes unavailable and outstanding amounts borrowed thereunder become due and payable) if a judgment for damages in excess of a specified amount is entered against us in any litigation and we are unable to promptly satisfy, bond, or obtain a stay of the judgment. Financial covenants included in these warehouse facilities are further described below under the heading Financial Covenants Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 These residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities could also become unavailable and outstanding amounts borrowed thereunder could become immediately due and payable if there is a material adverse change in our business. If we breach or trigger the representations and warranties, covenants, events of default, or other terms of our warehouse facilities, we are exposed to liquidity and other risks, including of the type described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks . 
 In addition to the residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities described above, in the ordinary course of business we may seek to establish additional warehouse facilities that may be of a similar or greater size and may have similar or more restrictive terms. In the event a counterparty to one or more of our warehouse facilities becomes insolvent or unable or unwilling to perform its obligations under the facility, we may be unable to access short-term financing we need or fail to recover the full value of our mortgage loans financed. 
 
 Securities Repurchase Facilities . Another source of short-term debt financing is through securities repurchase facilities we have established with various different financial institution counterparties. Under these facilities we do not have an aggregate borrowing limit; however, these facilities are uncommitted, which means that any request we make to borrow funds under these facilities may be declined for any reason. Short-term financing for securities is obtained under these facilities by our transfer of securities to the counterparty in exchange for cash proceeds (in an amount less than 100 of the fair value of the transferred securities), and our covenant to reacquire those securities from the counterparty for the same amount plus a financing charge. 
 Under these securities repurchase facilities, securities are financed for a fixed period, which would not generally exceed 90 days. We generally intend to repay the short-term financing of a security under one of these facilities through a renewal of that financing with the same counterparty, through a sale of the security, or with other equity or long-term debt capital. While a security is financed under a securities repurchase facility, to the extent the market value of the security declines (which market value is generally determined by the counterparty under the facility), we are required to either immediately reacquire the security or meet a margin requirement to pledge additional collateral, such as cash or U.S. Treasury securities, in an amount at least equal to the decline in value. See further discussion below under the heading Margin Call Provisions Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 At the end of the fixed period applicable to the financing of a security under a securities repurchase facility, if we intend to continue to obtain financing for that security we would typically request the same counterparty to renew the financing for an additional fixed period. If the same counterparty does not renew the financing, it may be difficult for us to obtain financing for that security under one of our other securities repurchase facilities, due to the fact that the financial institution counterparties to our securities repurchase facilities generally only provide financing for securities that we purchased from them or one of their affiliates. 
 Because our securities repurchase facilities are uncommitted, at any given time we may not be able to obtain additional financing under them when we need it, exposing us to, among other things, liquidity risks of the types described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks . In addition, with respect to securities that at any given time are already being financed through our securities repurchase facilities, we are exposed to market, credit, liquidity, and other risks of the types described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks , if and when those securities decline in value, or have been financed for the maximum term permitted under the applicable facility. 
 96 

Under our securities repurchase facilities, we also make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms (including of the type described above under the heading Residential and Business Purpose Loan Warehouse Facilities that if breached or triggered can result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under these facilities and these facilities being unavailable to use for future financing needs. In particular, the terms of these facilities include financial covenants, cross-default provisions, judgment default provisions, and other events of default (including of the type described above under the heading Residential and Business Purpose Loan Warehouse Facilities ). Financial covenants included in our repurchase facilities are further described below under the heading Financial Covenants Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 Our securities repurchase facilities could also become unavailable and outstanding amounts borrowed thereunder could become immediately due and payable if there is a material adverse change in our business. If we breach or trigger the representations and warranties, covenants, events of default, or other terms of our securities repurchase facilities, we are exposed to liquidity and other risks, including of the type described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks . 
 In the ordinary course of business we may seek to establish additional securities repurchase facilities that may have similar or more restrictive terms. In the event a counterparty to one or more of our securities repurchase facilities becomes insolvent or unable or unwilling to perform its obligations under the facility, we may be unable to access the short-term financing we need or fail to recover the full value of our securities financed. 
 
 Other Short-Term Debt Facility . We also maintain a 10 million committed line of short-term credit from a bank, which is secured by our pledge of certain mortgage-backed securities we own. At December 31, 2022, the securities pledged to secure this credit line had a fair market value of 1 million, thereby limiting our ability to fully utilize this facility until we pledge additional assets to this lender. This bank line of credit is an additional source of short-term financing for us. Similar to the uncommitted warehouse and securities repurchase facilities described herein, under this committed line we make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms that if breached or triggered can result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under this facility and this facility being unavailable to use for future financing needs. The margin call provisions and financial covenants included in this committed line are further described below under the headings Margin Call Provisions Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing and Financial Covenants Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . When we use this committed line to incur short-term debt we are exposed to the market, credit, liquidity, and other types of risks described above with respect to residential loan warehouse and securities repurchase facilities. 
 Servicer Advance Financing . In connection with our servicer advance investments, we consolidate an entity that was formed to finance servicing advances and for which we, through our control of an affiliated entity majority owned by Redwood (the "SA Buyer") formed to invest in servicer advance investments and excess MSRs, are the primary beneficiary. The servicer advance financing consists of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, secured by servicer advances. We consolidate the securitization entity that issued the debt, but the securitization entity is independent of Redwood and the assets and liabilities are not owned by and are not legal obligations of Redwood. 
 SA Buyer has agreed to purchase all future arising servicer advances under certain residential mortgage servicing agreements. SA Buyer relies, in part, on its members to make committed capital contributions in order to pay the purchase price for future servicer advances. A failure by any or all of the members to make such capital contributions for amounts required to fund servicer advances could result in an event of default under our servicer advance financing and a complete loss of our investment in SA Buyer and its servicer advance investments and excess MSRs. Additionally, to the extent that the servicer of the underlying mortgage loans (who is unaffiliated with us except through its co-investment in SA Buyer and the securitization entity) fails to recover the servicer advances in which we have invested, or takes longer than we expect to recover such advances, the value of our investment could be adversely affected and we could fail to achieve our expected return and suffer losses. 
 The outstanding balance of servicer advances securing the financing is not likely to be repaid on or before the maturity date of such financing arrangement. We expect to request the same counterparty or another one of our financing sources to renew or refinance the financing for an additional fixed period; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to extend the financing arrangement upon the expiration of its stated term, which subjects us to a number of risks. A financing source that elects to extend or refinance may charge higher interest rates and impose more onerous terms upon us, including without limitation, lowering the amount of financing that can be extended against the servicer advances being financed. If we are unable to renew or refinance the servicer advance financing, the securitization entity will be required to repay the outstanding balance of the financing on the related maturity date. Additionally, there may be substantial increases in the interest rates under the financing arrangement if the debt is not repaid, 
 97 

extended or refinanced prior to the expected repayment date, which may be before the related maturity date. If the securitization entity is unable to pay the outstanding balance of the notes, the financing counterparty may foreclose on the servicer advances pledged as collateral. 
 Under this servicer advance financing, SA Buyer and the securitization entity, along with the servicer, make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms that if breached or triggered can result in acceleration of all outstanding amounts borrowed under this facility and this facility being unavailable to use for future financing needs. We do not have the direct ability to control the servicer s compliance with such covenants and tests and the failure of SA Buyer, the securitization entity, or the servicer to satisfy any such covenants or tests could result in a partial or total loss on our investment. The financial covenants of SA Buyer included in this servicer advance financing are further described below under the heading Financial Covenants Associated with Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing . 
 Subordinate Securities Financing Facilities . Another source of long-term debt financing is through subordinate securities financing facilities providing non-mark-to-market recourse debt financing on a portfolio of subordinate securities. Financing for the securities was obtained under these facilities by our transfer of securities to the counterparty in exchange for cash proceeds (in an amount less than 100 of the fair value of the transferred securities), and our covenant to reacquire those securities from the counterparty for the same amount plus a financing charge. These financing facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Redwood. 
 One financing facility became eligible to be terminated, at our option, in September 2022, and has a final maturity in September 2024, provided that the interest rate on amounts outstanding under the facility increases between October 2022 and September 2024. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings under this facility totaling 130 million and the fair value of real estate securities pledged as collateral under this long-term debt facility was 178 million and included securities retained from our Sequoia securitizations. 
 Another financing facility may be terminated, at our option, in February 2023, and has a final maturity in February 2025, provided that the interest rate on amounts outstanding under the facility increases between March 2023 and February 2025. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings under this facility totaling 102 million and 0.1 million of unamortized deferred issuance costs, for a net carrying value of 102 million. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of real estate securities pledged as collateral under this long-term debt facility was 121 million and included securities retained from our consolidated CAFL securitizations. 
 Another financing facility may be terminated, at our option, in June 2023, and has a final maturity in June 2026, provided that the interest rate on amounts outstanding under the facility increases between June 2024 and June 2026. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings under this facility totaling 69 million and 0.1 million of unamortized deferred issuance costs, for a net carrying value of 69 million. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of real estate securities pledged as collateral under this long-term debt facility was 143 million and included securities retained from our consolidated CAFL securitizations. 
 In addition to the subordinate securities financing facilities described above, in the ordinary course of business we may seek to establish additional long-term securities repurchase facilities that may be of a similar or greater size and may have similar or more restrictive terms. 
 Similar to the uncommitted warehouse and securities repurchase facilities described herein, under these facilities we make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms that if breached or triggered can result in our being required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed under this facility and this facility being unavailable to use for future financing needs. In particular, outstanding amounts borrowed under this facility could become immediately due and payable if there is a failure to pay any amounts due under the facility, the failure to repurchase the securities by the final maturity date, or upon the insolvency of Redwood, as guarantor. If we breach or trigger the representations and warranties, covenants, events of default, or other terms of this subordinate securities financing facility, we are exposed to liquidity and other risks, including of the type described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Market Risks . 
 Financial Covenants Associated With Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing 
 Set forth below is a summary of the financial covenants associated with our short-term debt and other debt financing facilities. 
 Residential and Business Purpose Loan and HEI Warehouse Facilities . As noted above, one source of our debt financing is secured borrowings under residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities we have established and, as of December 31, 2022, were in place with several different financial institution counterparties. Financial covenants included in 
 98 

these warehouse facilities are as follows and at December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were in compliance with each of these financial covenants: 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of stockholders equity/tangible net worth at Redwood. 
 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of cash and cash equivalents at Redwood. 
 Maintenance of a maximum ratio of consolidated recourse indebtedness to stockholders equity or tangible net worth at Redwood. 
 With respect to residential loan warehouse facilities, maintenance of uncommitted residential loan warehouse facilities with a specified level of available borrowing capacity. 
 Securities Repurchase Facilities . As noted above, another source of our short-term debt financing is through secured borrowings under securities repurchase facilities we have established with various financial institution counterparties. Financial covenants included in these securities repurchase facilities are as follows and at December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were in compliance with each of these financial covenants: 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of stockholders equity/tangible net worth at Redwood. 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of cash and cash equivalents at Redwood. 
 Maintenance of a maximum ratio of consolidated recourse indebtedness to consolidated adjusted tangible net worth at Redwood. 
 Committed Line of Credit . As noted above, we also maintain a 10 million committed line of short-term credit from a bank, which is secured by our pledge of certain mortgage-backed securities we own. The types of financial covenants included in this bank line of credit are a subset of the covenants summarized above. 
 Servicer Advance Financing . As noted above, servicer advance financing consists of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, secured by servicing advances. Financial covenants associated with this financing facility are as follows and at December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were in compliance with each of these financial covenants: 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of stockholders equity/tangible net worth at SA Buyer. 
 Maintenance of a minimum dollar amount of cash and cash equivalents at SA Buyer. 
 
 As noted above, at December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were in compliance with the financial covenants associated with our short-term debt and other debt financing facilities. In particular, with respect to: (i) financial covenants that require us to maintain a minimum dollar amount of stockholders equity or tangible net worth at Redwood, at December 31, 2022 our level of stockholders equity and tangible net worth resulted in our being in compliance with these covenants by more than 200 million; and (ii) financial covenants that require us to maintain recourse indebtedness below a specified ratio at Redwood, at December 31, 2022 our level of recourse indebtedness resulted in our being in compliance with these covenants at a level such that we could incur at least 4 billion in additional recourse indebtedness. 
 Margin Call Provisions Associated With Short-Term Debt and Other Debt Financing 
 Residential and Business Purpose Loan and HEI Warehouse Facilities . As noted above, one source of our debt financing is secured borrowings under residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities we have established and, as of December 31, 2022, were in place with several different financial institution counterparties. These warehouse facilities include the margin call provisions described below and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we complied with any margin calls received from creditors under these warehouse facilities: 
 
 99 

Under our marginable residential loan warehouse facilities, if at any time the market value of any residential mortgage loan financed under a facility declines, then the creditor may demand that we transfer additional collateral to the creditor (in the form of cash, U.S. Treasury obligations (in certain cases), or additional residential mortgage loans) with a value equal to the amount of the decline. If we receive any such demand, (i) under one of our residential loan warehouse facilities, we would generally be required to transfer the additional collateral on the same day (although demands received after a certain time would only require the transfer of additional collateral on the following business day) and (ii) under one of our residential loan warehouse facilities, we would generally be required to transfer the additional collateral on the following business day. The value of additional residential mortgage loans transferred as additional collateral is determined by the creditor. 
 
 Under certain non-marginable residential and business purpose loan and HEI warehouse facilities, if the value of the property securing a mortgage loan or HEI financed under a facility declines (as determined by an appraisal, broker price opinion, or home price appreciation index, as applicable), then the creditor may demand that we transfer additional collateral to the creditor (in the form of cash, U.S. Treasury obligations (in certain cases), or additional mortgage loans or HEIs) with a value equal to the amount of the decline. The conditions precedent to which the creditor may request updated valuation reports varies by agreement, including, for example, based on an agreed schedule, or based on the number of days the loan has been financed under such facility. If we receive any such demand as a result of a margin deficit based on an updated valuation report, we would generally be required to transfer the additional collateral as soon as the same day to within five business days depending on the terms of the agreement. The value of additional residential and business purpose mortgage loans or HEIs transferred as additional collateral is determined by the creditor. 
 Securities Repurchase Facilities . Another source of our short-term debt financing is through secured borrowings under securities repurchase facilities we have established with various financial institution counterparties. These repurchase facilities include the margin call provisions described below and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we complied with any margin calls received from creditors under these repurchase facilities: 
 If at any time the market value (as determined by the creditor) of any securities financed under a facility declines, then the creditor may demand that we transfer additional collateral to the creditor (in the form of cash, U.S. Treasury obligations, or additional securities) with a value equal to the amount of the decline. If we receive any such demand, we would generally be required to transfer the additional collateral on the same day. The value of additional securities transferred as additional collateral is determined by the creditor. 
 Committed Line of Credit . As noted above, we also maintain a 10 million committed line of short-term credit from a bank, which is secured by our pledge of certain mortgage-backed securities we own. Margin call provisions included in this bank line of credit are as follows and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we complied with any margin calls received from this creditor under this line of credit: 
 If at any time the total market value (as determined by two broker-dealers) of the securities that are pledged as collateral under this facility declines to a value less than the outstanding amount of borrowings under this facility, then the creditor may demand that we transfer additional collateral to the creditor (in the form of cash, U.S. Treasury obligations, or additional securities) with a value equal to the amount of the difference. If we receive any such demand, we would generally be required to transfer the additional collateral within two business days. The value of additional collateral pledged is determined by the creditor. 
 
 100 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. A discussion of critical accounting policies and the possible effects of changes in estimates on our consolidated financial statements is included in Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management discusses the ongoing development and selection of these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Following is a description of our critical accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Assets and Liabilities Accounted for at Fair Value 
 We have elected the fair value option of accounting for a significant portion of the assets and some of the liabilities on our balance sheet, and the majority of these assets and liabilities utilize Level 3 valuation inputs, which require a significant level of estimation uncertainty . See Note 5 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on our assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2022, including the significant inputs used to estimate their fair values and the impact the changes in their fair values had to our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 5 in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, incorporated herein by reference, for the same information on these assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021. Periodic fluctuations in the values of these assets and liabilities are inherently volatile and thus can lead to significant period-to-period GAAP earnings volatility. Below, we provide additional information regarding the critical accounting estimates for these assets and liabilities. 
 Consolidated Entities Accounted for under the Consolidated Financing Entities Election 
 We have elected to account for most of our consolidated securitization VIEs as collateralized financing entities and use the fair value of the liabilities issued by these entities (comprised of the ABS issued and the securities we retain in the entities, which we determined to be more observable) to determine the fair value of the assets held at these entities (generally residential, business purpose and multifamily loans, and HEI). Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these liabilities include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in the Fair Value of Loans Held at Fair Value 
 We have elected the fair value option for our residential loans, business purpose loans, and multifamily loans. As such, these loans are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair value and changes in the fair values of these loans are recorded in Mortgage banking activities, net or Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss) in the period in which the valuation change occurs. Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these assets include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of Securities 
 Our securities are classified as either trading or AFS securities, and in both cases are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values. In addition, we invest in securities of certain securitization entities that we are required to consolidate for GAAP reporting purposes and account for under the consolidated financing entity election, as previously described. For trading securities and collateralized financing entities, changes in fair values are recorded in Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss) in the period in which the valuation change occurs. For available-for-sale securities, changes in fair value are generally recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income in our consolidated balance sheets (as discussed further below). Periodic fluctuations in the values of our securities can be caused by changes in the discount rate assumptions used to value the securities, as well as actual and anticipated prepayments, delinquencies, losses and other factors on the loans underlying the securitizations in which we own securities. Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these assets include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 101 

For AFS securities, cumulative unrealized gains and losses are recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in our consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains are not credited to current earnings and unrealized losses are not charged against current earnings to the extent they are temporary in nature. Certain factors may require us, however, to recognize a decline in the value of AFS securities as an allowance for credit losses recorded through our current earnings. Factors that determine other-than-temporary-impairment include a change in our ability or intent to hold AFS securities, adverse changes to projected cash flows of assets, or the likelihood that declines in the fair values of assets would not return to their previous levels within a reasonable time. Estimates used to determine other-than-temporary-impairments on AFS securities require significant judgment and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of Servicer Advance Investments 
 Servicer advance investments are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values, with changes in fair values recorded in our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Investment fair value changes, net. Periodic fluctuations in the values of our servicer advance investments can be caused by changes in the actual and anticipated balance of servicing advances outstanding, actual and anticipated prepayments on the underlying loans, and changes in the discount rate assumptions used to value servicer advance investments. Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these assets include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of MSRs and Excess MSRs 
 MSRs and excess MSRs are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values, with changes in fair values recorded in our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Other income, net or Investment fair value changes, net. Periodic fluctuations in the values of our MSRs and excess MSRs can be caused by actual prepayments on the underlying loans, changes in assumptions regarding future projected prepayments on the underlying loans, actual or anticipated changes in delinquencies, and changes in the discount rate assumptions used to value MSRs and excess MSRs. Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these assets include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of HEIs 
 HEIs are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values, with changes in fair values recorded in our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Investment fair value changes, net. Periodic fluctuations in the values of our HEIs can be caused by changes in the discount rate assumptions used to value HEIs, changes in assumptions regarding future projected home values, changes in assumptions regarding future projected prepayment rates of residential mortgage loans, as well as changes in the rate and magnitude of defaults on the portfolio. Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of these assets include certain unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of Strategic Investments 
 Several of our strategic investments are carried on our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values (or at historical cost under the measurement alternative for equity investments), with changes in fair values recorded in our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Investment fair value changes, net. All of our strategic investments are in private companies that do not have readily determinable fair values and estimates of their fair value require significant judgment to develop. Changes in the estimates used to determine their fair value are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Fair Values of Derivative Financial Instruments 
 We generally use derivatives as part of our mortgage banking activities (e.g., to manage risks associated with loans we plan to acquire and subsequently sell or securitize), in relation to our residential investments (to manage risks associated with our securities, MSRs, and held-for-investment loans), and to manage variability in debt interest expense indexed to adjustable rates, and cash flows on assets and liabilities that have different coupon rates (fixed rates versus floating rates, or floating rates based on different indices). Significant inputs used to estimate the fair value of certain of our derivatives include unobservable inputs (e.g., those requiring our own data or assumptions) that require significant judgment to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on reported earnings and our financial condition. 
 102 

Additionally, the nature of the instruments we use and the accounting treatment for the specific assets, liabilities, and derivatives may therefore lead to volatility in our periodic earnings, even when we are meeting our hedging objectives. Most of our derivatives are accounted for as trading instruments with associated changes in value recorded through our consolidated statements of income (loss). Changes in value of the assets and liabilities we manage by using derivatives may not be accounted for similarly. This could lead to reported income and book values in specific periods that do not necessarily reflect the economics of our risk management strategy. Even when the assets and liabilities are similarly accounted for as trading instruments, periodic changes in their values may not coincide as other market factors (e.g., supply and demand) may affect certain instruments and not others at any given time. 
 
 Impairments of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 In connection with our acquisitions of Riverbend, CoreVest and 5 Arches, a portion of the purchase price of each acquisition was allocated to goodwill and intangible assets. During 2020, we impaired our entire balance of goodwill associated with the acquisitions of CoreVest and 5 Arches, and our goodwill balance at December 31, 2022 was related entirely to the Riverbend acquisition. Accounting standards require that we routinely assess goodwill and intangible assets for indicators of impairment, and if indicators are present, we must review them for impairment. The assessments to determine if goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires significant judgement to develop assumptions and estimates. If we determine that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down the value of these assets, up to their entire balance. Any write-down would have a negative effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in Yields for Securities 
 The yields we project on available-for-sale real estate securities can have a significant effect on the periodic interest income we recognize for financial reporting purposes. Yields can vary as a function of credit results, prepayment rates, interest rates and call assumptions. If estimated future credit losses are less than our prior estimate, credit losses occur later than expected, prepayment rates are faster than expected (meaning the present value of projected cash flows is greater than previously expected for assets acquired at a discount to principal balance), or securities are called (or called sooner than expected) the yield over the remaining life of the security may be adjusted upwards. If estimated future credit losses exceed our prior expectations, credit losses occur more quickly than expected, prepayments occur more slowly than expected (meaning the present value of projected cash flows is less than previously expected for assets acquired at a discount to principal balance) or securities are not called (or called later than expected), the yield over the remaining life of the security may be adjusted downward. 
 Changes in the actual maturities of real estate securities may also affect their yields to maturity. Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. Therefore, actual maturities of AFS securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities. Stated contractual maturities are generally greater than 10 years. The assumptions we use to estimate future cash flows and the resulting effective yields and interest income, require significant judgement to develop, and changes in these estimates have had and are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 Changes in Loss Contingency Reserves 
 We may be exposed to various loss contingencies, including, without limitation, those described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In accordance with FASB guidance on accounting for contingencies, we review the need for any loss contingency reserves and establish them when, in the opinion of management, it is probable that a matter would result in a liability, and the amount of loss, if any, can be reasonably estimated. The establishment of a loss contingency reserve, the subsequent increase in a reserve or release of reserves previously established, or the recognition of a loss in excess of previously established reserves, can occur as a result of various factors and events that affect management s opinion of whether the standard for establishing, increasing, or continuing to maintain, a reserve has been met. Changes in our estimates of required loss contingency reserves could have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 103 

Changes in Provision for Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes is primarily the result of GAAP income or losses generated at our TRS. Deferred tax assets/liabilities are generated by temporary differences in GAAP income and taxable income at our taxable subsidiaries and are a significant component of our GAAP provision for income taxes. We evaluate our deferred tax assets each period to determine if a valuation allowance is required based on whether it is "more likely than not" that some portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income during future periods. We conduct our evaluation by considering, among other things, all available positive and negative evidence, historical operating results and cumulative earnings analysis, forecasts of future profitability, and the duration of statutory carryforward periods. The estimate of net deferred tax assets and associated valuation allowances could change in future periods to the extent that actual or revised estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward periods change from current expectations. Any such changes to our estimates could have a material effect on our reported earnings and financial condition. 

MARKET AND OTHER RISKS 
 Market Risks 
 We seek to manage risks inherent in our business including but not limited to credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, and fair value risk in a prudent manner designed to enhance our earnings and dividends and preserve our capital. In general, we seek to assume risks that can be quantified from historical experience, to actively manage such risks, and to maintain capital levels consistent with these risks. Information concerning the risks we are managing, how these risks are changing over time, and potential GAAP earnings and taxable income volatility we may experience as a result of these risks is discussed under the caption Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the caption " Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities " within this MD A, and under the caption " Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other Risks 
 In addition to the market and other risks described above, our business and results of operations are subject to a variety of types of risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described under the caption Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 104 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risks 
 We seek to manage risks inherent in our business - including but not limited to credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, inflation risk, and fair value and liquidity risk - in a prudent manner designed to enhance our earnings and dividends and preserve our capital. In general, we seek to assume risks that can be quantified from historical experience, to actively manage such risks, and to maintain capital levels consistent with these risks. This section presents a general overview of these risks. Additional information concerning the risks we are managing, how these risks are changing over time, and potential GAAP earnings and taxable income volatility we may experience as a result of these risks is further discussed in Part I, Item 1A and Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Credit Risk 
 Integral to our business is assuming credit risk through our ownership of real estate loans, securities and other investments as well as through our reliance on the creditworthiness of business counterparties. We believe the securities, loans and other assets we purchase are priced to generate an expected return that compensates us for the underlying credit risk associated with these investments. Nevertheless, there may be significant credit losses associated with these investments should they perform worse than we expect on a credit basis. For additional details, refer to Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and see the risk factor titled The nature of the assets we hold and the investments we make expose us to credit risk that could negatively impact the value of those assets and investments, our earnings, dividends, cash flows, and access to liquidity, or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 We manage our credit risks by analyzing the extent of the risk we are taking and reviewing whether we believe the appropriate underwriting criteria are met, and we utilize systems and staff to monitor the ongoing credit performance of our loans and securities. To the extent we find the credit risks on specific assets are changing adversely, we may be able to take actions, such as selling the affected investments, to mitigate potential losses. However, we may not always be successful in analyzing risks, reviewing underwriting criteria, foreseeing adverse changes in credit performance or in effectively mitigating future credit losses and the ability to sell an asset may be limited due to the structure of the asset or the absence of a liquid market for the asset. 
 Residential and Business Purpose Loans and Securities 
 Our residential and business purpose loans and securities backed by residential loans are generally secured by real property. Credit losses on residential real estate loans and securities can occur for many reasons, including: poor origination practices; fraud; poor underwriting; poor servicing practices; weak economic conditions; increases in payments required to be made by borrowers; declines in the value of real estate; natural disasters, the effects of climate change (including flooding, drought, and severe weather) and other natural events; uninsured property loss; over-leveraging of the borrower; costs of remediation of environmental conditions, such as indoor mold; acts of war or terrorism; changes in legal protections for lenders and other changes in law or regulation; and personal events affecting borrowers, such as reduction in income, job loss, divorce, or health problems. In addition, if the U.S. economy or the housing market were to weaken (and that weakening was in excess of what we anticipated), credit losses could increase beyond levels that we have anticipated. 
 Credit losses on business purpose real estate loans and securities can occur for many of the reasons noted above for residential real estate loans and securities. Moreover, these types of real estate loans and securities may not be fully amortizing and, therefore, the borrower s ability to repay the principal when due may depend upon the ability of the borrower to refinance or sell the property at maturity. Business purpose real estate loans and securities are particularly sensitive to conditions in the rental housing market, including declining or delinquent rents, and to demand for rental residential properties. 
 With respect to most of the legacy Sequoia securitization entities sponsored by us that we consolidate and for a portion of the loans underlying residential loan securities we have acquired from securitizations sponsored by others, the interest rate is adjustable. Accordingly, when short-term interest rates rise, required monthly payments from homeowners may rise under the terms of these loans, and this may increase borrowers delinquencies and defaults that can lead to additional credit losses. 
 We may also own some securities backed by loans that are not prime quality such as re-performing and non-performing loans, Alt-A quality loans, and subprime loans, that have substantially higher credit risk characteristics than prime-quality loans. Consequently, we can expect these lower credit-quality loans to have higher rates of delinquency and loss, and if such losses differ from our assumptions, we could incur credit losses. In addition, we may invest in riskier loan types with the potential for higher delinquencies and losses as compared to regular amortization loans, but believe these securities offer us the opportunity to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns as a result of attractive pricing and the manner in which these securitizations are structured. Nevertheless, there remains substantial uncertainty about the future performance of these assets. 
 105 

Additionally, we own residential mortgage credit risk transfer (or "CRT") securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ("the Agencies"), for which we assume credit risk both on the residential loans that the securities reference, as well as corporate credit risk from the Agencies, as our investments in the securities are not secured by the reference loans. 
 Multifamily Loans and Securities 
 Multifamily loans we may acquire, invest in, or originate are generally secured by real property. The multifamily securities we invest in are primarily subordinate positions in securitizations sponsored by Freddie Mac that are comprised of loans collateralized by multifamily properties. We also own and may continue to invest in other third-party sponsored multifamily mortgage-backed securities. Credit losses on these real estate loans and securities can occur for many of the reasons noted above for residential and business-purpose real estate loans, including: poor origination practices; fraud; faulty appraisals; documentation errors; poor underwriting; legal errors; poor servicing practices; weak economic conditions; decline in the value of properties; declining rents on single and multifamily residential rental properties; special hazards; earthquakes and other natural events; over-leveraging of the borrower or on the property; reduction in market rents and occupancies and poor property management practices; and changes in legal protections for lenders. In addition, if the U.S. economy were to weaken (and that weakening was in excess of what we anticipated), credit losses could increase beyond levels that we have anticipated. Moreover, the principal balance of multifamily loans may be significantly larger than the residential and business-purpose real estate loans we own. 
 Counterparties 
 We are also exposed to credit risk with respect to our business and lender counterparties. For example, counterparties we acquire loans from, lend to, or invest in, make representations and warranties and covenants to us, and may also indemnify us against certain losses. To the extent we have suffered a loss and are entitled to enforce those agreements to recover damages, if our counterparties are insolvent or unable or unwilling to comply with these agreements we would suffer a loss due to the credit risk associated with our counterparties. As an example, under short-term borrowing facilities and certain swap and other derivative agreements, we sometimes transfer assets as collateral to our counterparties. To the extent a counterparty is not able to return this collateral to us if and when we are entitled to its return, we could suffer a loss due to the credit risk associated with that counterparty. 
 In addition, because we rely on the availability of credit under committed and uncommitted borrowing facilities to fund our business and investments, our counterparties willingness and ability to extend credit to us under these facilities is a significant counterparty risk (and is discussed further below under the heading Fair Value and Liquidity Risks ). 
 In connection with our servicer advance investments, the partnership entity (the "SA Buyer") formed to invest in servicer advance investments and excess MSRs, has agreed to purchase all future arising servicer advances under certain residential mortgage servicing agreements. SA Buyer relies, in part, on its members to make committed capital contributions in order to pay the purchase price for future servicer advances. A failure by any or all of the members to make such capital contributions for amounts required to fund servicer advances could result in an event of default under our servicer advance financing and a complete loss of our investment in SA Buyer and its servicer advance investments and excess MSRs. 
 The outstanding balance of servicer advances securing the financing is not likely to be repaid on or before the maturity date of such financing arrangement. We expect to request the same counterparty or another one of our financing sources to renew or refinance the financing for an additional fixed period, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to extend the financing arrangement upon the expiration of its stated term, which subjects us to a number of risks. A financing source that elects to extend or refinance may charge higher interest rates and impose more onerous terms upon us, including without limitation, lowering the amount of financing that can be extended against the servicer advances being financed. If we are unable to renew or refinance the servicer advance financing, the securitization entity will be required to repay the outstanding balance of the financing on the related maturity date. Additionally, there may be substantial increases in the interest rates under the financing arrangement if the notes are not repaid, extended or refinanced prior to the expected repayment date, which may be before the related maturity date. If the securitization entity is unable to pay the outstanding balance of the notes, the financing counterparty may foreclose on the servicer advances pledged as collateral. 
 Under our servicer advance financing, the consolidated partnership (SA Buyer) and the securitization entity, along with the servicer (who is unaffiliated with us except through their co-investment in SA Buyer and the securitization entity), make various representations and warranties and have agreed to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms that if breached or triggered can result in acceleration of all outstanding amounts borrowed under this facility and this facility being unavailable to use for future financing needs. We do not have the direct ability to control the servicer s compliance with such covenants and tests and the failure of SA Buyer, the securitization entity, or the servicer to satisfy any such covenants or tests could result in a partial or total loss on our investment. 
 106 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Changes in interest rates and the shape of the yield curve can affect the cash flows and fair values of our assets, liabilities, and derivative financial instruments and, consequently, affect our earnings and reported equity. Our general strategy with respect to interest rates is to maintain an asset/liability posture (including hedges) that assumes some interest rate risks but not to such a degree that the achievement of our long-term goals would likely be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. Accordingly, we are willing to accept short-term volatility of earnings and changes in our reported equity in order to accomplish our goal of achieving attractive long-term returns. For additional details, refer to Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and see the risk factor titled Interest rate fluctuations can have various negative effects on us and could lead to reduced earnings and increased volatility in our earnings. 
 We invest in securities, residential loans, business purpose loans, multifamily loans, and other mortgage- or housing-related assets, which all expose us to interest rate risk. Additionally, we acquire and originate residential, business purpose loans and HEIs using secured debt financing and we generally then sell or securitize these assets. We are exposed to interest rate risk during the accumulation period - the period from when we enter into agreements to purchase the loans or HEIs with the intention of selling or securitizing them through to the future date when we ultimately sell or securitize them. 
 To mitigate this interest rate risk, we use derivative financial instruments for risk management purposes. We may also use derivative financial instruments in an effort to maintain a close match between pledged assets and debt. However, we generally do not attempt to completely hedge changes in interest rates, and at times, we may be subject to more interest rate risk than we generally desire in the long term. Changes in interest rates will have an impact on the values and cash flows of our assets and corresponding liabilities. 
 Prepayment Risk 
 Prepayment risks exist in many of the assets on our consolidated balance sheets. In general, discount securities benefit from faster prepayment rates on the underlying real estate loans while premium securities (such as certain IOs we own), and mortgage servicing assets benefit from slower prepayments on the underlying loans. In addition, loans held for investment at premiums also benefit from slower prepayments whereas loans held at discounts benefit from faster prepayments. For additional details, refer to Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and see the risk factor titled Changes in prepayment rates of mortgage loans could reduce our earnings, dividends, cash flows, and access to liquidity. 
 When we make investments that are subject to prepayment risk, we apply a reasonable baseline prepayment range in determining expected returns. If actual prepayment rates deviate from our baseline expectations, it could have an adverse change to our expected returns. In order to mitigate this risk, we may use derivative financial instruments. We caution that prepayment rates are difficult to predict or anticipate, and adverse changes in the rate of prepayment could reduce our cash flows, earnings, and dividends. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Virtually all of our consolidated assets and liabilities are financial in nature. As a result, changes in interest rates and other factors drive our performance more directly than does inflation. That said, changes in interest rates generally correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates, and therefore adverse changes in inflation or changes in inflation expectations can lead to lower returns on our investments than originally anticipated. 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our activities and balance sheets are measured with reference to historical cost or fair value without considering inflation. 
 Fair Value and Liquidity Risks 
 To fund our assets we may use a variety of debt alternatives in addition to equity capital that present us with fair value and liquidity risks. We seek to manage these risks, including by maintaining what we believe to be adequate cash and capital levels. 
 107 

We acquire or originate residential and business purpose loans and HEIs and then hold, sell or securitize them as part of our mortgage banking operations. Changes in the fair value of the loans or HEIs, once sold or securitized, do not have an impact on our liquidity. However, changes in fair values during the accumulation period (while these loans or HEIs are typically funded with short-term debt before they are sold or securitized) may impact our liquidity. We would be exposed to liquidity risk to the extent the values of these loans or HEIs decline and/or the counterparties we use to finance these investments adversely change our borrowing requirements. We attempt to mitigate our liquidity risk from short-term financing facilities by setting aside adequate capital, in addition to amounts required by our financing counterparties. 
 Some of the securities we acquire are funded with a combination of our capital and short-term debt facilities. For the securities we acquire with a combination of capital and short-term debt, we would be exposed to liquidity risk to the extent the values of these investments decline and/or the counterparties we use to finance these investments adversely change our borrowing requirements. We attempt to mitigate our liquidity risk from short-term financing facilities by setting aside adequate capital. 
 Under our borrowing facilities, interest rate swaps and other derivatives agreements, we pledge assets as security for our payment obligations and make various representations and warranties and agree to certain covenants, events of default, and other terms. In addition, our borrowing facilities are generally uncommitted, meaning that each time we request a new borrowing under a facility the lender has the option to decline to extend credit to us. The terms of these facilities and agreements typically include financial covenants (such as covenants to maintain a minimum amount of tangible net worth or stockholders equity and/or a minimum amount of liquid assets and/or a maximum amount of recourse debt to equity), margin requirements (which typically require us to pledge additional collateral if and when the value of previously pledged collateral declines), operating covenants (such as covenants to conduct our business in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and covenants to provide notice of certain events to creditors), representations and warranties (such as representations and warranties relating to characteristics of pledged collateral, our exposure to litigation and/or regulatory enforcement actions and the absence of material adverse changes to our financial condition, our operations, or our business prospects), and events of default (such as a breach of covenant or representation/warranty and cross-defaults, under which an event of default is triggered under a credit facility if an event of default or similar event occurs under another credit facility). For additional details, refer to Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and see the discussion titled Risks Relating to Debt Incurred under Short- and Long-Term Borrowing Facilities. 
 Business, Operational, Regulatory, and Other Risks 
 Home equity investment contracts we invest in are secured by real property. Losses on these investments can occur for many reasons, including: poor origination practices; fraud; faulty appraisals; documentation errors; poor underwriting; legal errors; poor servicing practices; weak economic conditions; decline in the value of properties; special hazards; earthquakes and other natural events; over-leveraging of the borrower or on the property; actions by the homeowner's creditors; regulatory changes; and changes in legal protections for lienholders. In addition, if the U.S. economy or the housing market were to weaken (and that weakening was in excess of what we anticipated), losses could increase beyond levels that we have anticipated. 
 In addition to the financial risks described above, we are subject to a variety of other risks in the ordinary conduct of our business, including risks related to our business and industry (such as economic, competitive, and strategic risks), operational risks (including cybersecurity and technology risks), risks related to legislative and regulatory compliance matters, and risks related to our REIT status and our status under the Investment Company Act of 1940, among others. The effective management of these risks is of critical importance to the overall success of our business. These risks are further discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Quantitative Information on Market Risk 
 Our future earnings are sensitive to a number of market risk factors and changes in these factors may have a variety of secondary effects that, in turn, will also impact our earnings and equity. To supplement the discussion above of the market risks we face, the following table incorporates information that may be useful in analyzing certain market risks that may affect our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. The table presents principal cash flows and related average interest rates for material interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities by year of repayment. The forward curve (future interest rates as implied by the yield structure of debt markets) at December 31, 2022, was used to project the average coupon rates for each year presented. The timing of principal cash flows includes assumptions on the prepayment speeds of assets based on their recent prepayment performance and future prepayment performance consistent with the forward curve. Our future results depend greatly on the credit performance of the underlying loans (this table assumes no credit losses), future interest rates, prepayments, and our ability to invest our existing cash and future cash flow. 
 
 108 

Quantitative Information on Market Risk Principal Amounts Maturing and Effective Rates During Period December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Principal Balance Fair Value Interest Rate Sensitive Assets (1) 
 Residential Loans - HFS (2) 
 Adjustable Rate Principal 41 41 31 Interest Rate 6.00 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Fixed Rate Principal 817,660 817,660 776,651 Interest Rate 5.13 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Hybrid Principal 4,362 4,362 4,099 Interest Rate 4.84 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Residential Loans - HFI at Sequoia Adjustable Rate Principal 45,457 35,363 30,740 26,812 23,845 42,187 204,404 184,932 Interest Rate 5.36 5.12 4.49 4.34 4.30 4.30 Fixed Rate Principal 334,137 307,449 283,093 260,762 240,323 2,421,327 3,847,091 3,190,417 Interest Rate 3.29 3.29 3.29 3.30 3.30 3.30 Residential Loans - HFI at Freddie Mac SLST Fixed Rate Principal 144,454 139,341 128,664 118,618 109,405 1,078,754 1,719,236 1,457,058 Interest Rate 4.02 4.19 4.18 4.17 4.16 4.16 Business Purpose Loans - HFS (2) 
 Fixed Rate Principal 395,139 395,139 364,073 Interest Rate 6.03 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A BPL Term Loans - HFI at CAFL Fixed Rate Principal 46,348 48,821 51,427 54,171 57,062 3,005,592 3,263,421 2,944,984 Interest Rate 5.21 5.21 5.21 5.21 5.21 5.21 BPL Bridge Loans - HFI at Redwood Adjustable Rate Principal 304,987 570,696 537,566 1,413,249 1,412,453 Interest Rate 10.79 9.90 8.87 N/A N/A N/A Fixed Rate Principal 91,685 8,200 99,885 94,693 Interest Rate 8.44 6.64 N/A N/A N/A N/A BPL Bridge Loans - HFI at CAFL Adjustable Rate Principal 275,985 120,478 8,400 404,863 405,514 Interest Rate 10.15 9.77 8.77 N/A N/A N/A Fixed Rate Principal 109,433 370 109,803 110,869 Interest Rate 8.44 6.50 N/A N/A N/A N/A Multifamily Loans - HFI at Freddie Mac K-Series Fixed Rate Principal 8,325 8,638 430,230 447,193 424,552 Interest Rate 4.21 4.22 3.55 N/A N/A N/A 
 109 

Quantitative Information on Market Risk Principal Amounts Maturing and Effective Rates During Period December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Principal Balance Fair Value Interest Rate Sensitive Assets (continued) Residential Senior Securities Fixed Rate (3) 
 Principal 28,867 Interest Rate 0.12 0.12 0.12 0.12 0.12 0.11 Residential Subordinate Securities Fixed Rate Principal 2,129 2,044 1,880 1,456 532 388,601 396,642 188,729 Interest Rate 4.60 4.55 4.53 4.56 4.56 4.80 Hybrid Principal 579 507 502 500 498 13,103 15,689 10,205 Interest Rate 4.00 3.84 3.57 4.05 4.03 3.27 Multifamily Securities Adjustable Rate Principal 4,498 9,280 13,778 12,674 Interest Rate 9.04 10.27 9.99 10.00 9.93 9.98 Interest Rate Sensitive Liabilities Asset-Backed Securities Issued Sequoia Entities Adjustable Rate Principal 41,150 32,495 28,105 23,101 20,053 55,143 200,047 184,191 Interest Rate 5.60 4.80 4.08 3.84 3.77 3.08 Fixed Rate Principal 323,744 290,999 265,643 243,852 224,184 2,247,293 3,595,715 2,971,109 Interest Rate 2.65 2.64 2.62 2.61 2.61 2.61 Freddie Mac SLST Entities Fixed Rate Principal 191,260 98,758 91,306 84,204 77,664 763,460 1,306,652 1,222,150 Interest Rate 3.27 3.16 3.16 3.17 3.17 3.17 Freddie Mac K-Series Entities Fixed Rate Principal 8,325 8,638 393,762 410,725 392,785 Interest Rate 2.69 2.70 2.28 N/A N/A N/A CAFL Entities (4) 
 Fixed Rate Principal 168,845 292,948 350,596 538,877 285,463 1,685,521 3,322,250 3,115,807 Interest Rate 3.29 3.05 3.17 3.23 3.05 3.05 HEI Entities Fixed Rate Principal 28,441 27,619 23,586 20,284 9,032 108,962 100,710 Interest Rate 3.76 3.76 5.76 5.76 7.56 N/A Short-Term Debt Principal 1,856,237 1,856,237 1,853,664 Interest Rate 6.59 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 

110 

Quantitative Information on Market Risk Principal Amounts Maturing and Effective Rates During Period December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Principal Balance Fair Value Interest Rate Sensitive Liabilities (continued) Long-Term Debt Convertible Notes Principal 176,685 150,200 162,092 215,000 703,977 638,049 Interest Rate 6.08 6.53 6.89 7.75 7.75 N/A Trust Preferred Securities and Subordinated Notes Principal 139,500 139,500 83,700 Interest Rate 7.31 6.37 5.78 5.69 5.76 5.90 Other Long-Term Debt Principal 599,719 410,639 68,995 1,079,353 1,069,946 Interest Rate 6.43 6.43 6.23 4.75 N/A N/A Interest Rate Agreements Interest Rate Swaps (Purchased) Notional Amount 60,000 75,000 150,000 285,000 14,625 Receive Strike Rate 3.24 4.88 3.67 3.26 3.25 3.35 Pay Strike Rate 2.62 2.62 2.62 2.72 2.72 2.79 
 (1) For the key assumptions and sensitivity analysis for assets retained from securitizations that we deconsolidated, refer to Note 4 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (2) As we generally expect our residential loans held-for-sale to be sold within one year, we have only presented principal amounts and effective rates through 2023. 
 (3) The fair value of fixed-rate senior securities includes 29 million interest-only securities, for which there is no principal at December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Our CAFL entities include two bridge loan securitizations with a cumulative outstanding ABS issued balance of 485 million at December 31, 2022, that each have revolving features that end in 2024 and have final maturities in 2029. While the table above presents the repayment of this debt in 2029 upon its legal maturity, the ABS issued may be paid down earlier based on the actual paydown of collateral included in the securitization at the end of the revolving period in 2024. 

111 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of Redwood Trust, Inc. and Notes thereto, together with the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-121 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We have adopted and maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed on our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management of Redwood Trust, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company, or Redwood), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
 As of the end of our 2022 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework released by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was effective. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors of Redwood; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on page F-3, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 112 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 The Company's Board of Directors has set May 23, 2023 as the date for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The meeting will be held in-person at 8:30 a.m. (Pacific) in Tiburon, California. Stockholders of record as of March 27, 2023 will be entitled to vote at that meeting. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 113 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 114 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto 
 (2) Schedules to Consolidated Financial Statements: Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 All other Consolidated Financial Statements schedules not included have been omitted because they are either inapplicable or the information required is provided in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Registrant, effective July 6, 1994 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.1 Articles Supplementary of the Registrant, effective August 10, 1994 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.1, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.2 Articles Supplementary of the Registrant, effective August 11, 1995 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.2, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.3 Articles Supplementary of the Registrant, effective August 9, 1996 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.3, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment of the Registrant, effective June 30, 1998 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.4, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.5 Articles Supplementary of the Registrant, effective April 7, 2003 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.5, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.6 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective June 12, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 3.1.6, filed on August 6, 2008) 
 3.1.7 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective May 19, 2009 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on May 21, 2009) 
 3.1.8 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective May 24, 2011 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on May 20, 2011) 
 3.1.9 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective May 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on May 21, 2012) 
 3.1.10 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective May 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on May 21, 2013) 
 3.1.11 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective May 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on May 17, 2019) 
 3.1.12 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant, effective June 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed on June 15, 2020) 
 3.1.13 Articles Supplementary of the Registrant, effective January 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Form 8-A, Exhibit 3.2, filed on January 13, 2023) (No. 001-13759) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as adopted on November 2, 2022 (filed herewith) 
 4.1 Description of Redwood Trust, Inc. Common Stock (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 4.1, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-08363), Exhibit 4.3, filed on August 6, 1996) 
 
 115 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 4.3 Description of Redwood Trust, Inc. 10.00 Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (filed herewith) 
 4.4 Form of Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Form 8-A, Exhibit 4.1, filed on January 13, 2023) (No. 001-13759) 
 4.5 Indenture dated as of October 1, 2001 between Sequoia Mortgage Trust 5 and Bankers Trust Company of California, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Sequoia Mortgage Funding Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 99.1, filed on November 15, 2001) 
 4.6 Indenture dated as April 1, 2002 between Sequoia Mortgage Trust 6 and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Sequoia Mortgage Funding Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 99.1, filed on May 13, 2002) 
 4.7 Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of December 12, 2006 between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.4, filed on December 12, 2006) 
 4.8 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated December 12, 2006 among the Registrant, The Bank of New York Trust Company, National Association, The Bank of New York (Delaware), the Administrative Trustees (as named therein) and the several holders of the Preferred Securities from time to time (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.3, filed on December 12, 2006) 
 4.9 Purchase Agreement dated December 12, 2006 among the Registrant, Redwood Capital Trust I and Merrill Lynch International (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.1, filed on December 12, 2006) 
 4.10 Purchase Agreement dated December 12, 2006 among the Registrant, Redwood Capital Trust I and Bear, Stearns Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.2, filed on December 12, 2006) 
 4.11 Subordinated Indenture dated as of May 23, 2007 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.2, filed on May 23, 2007) 
 4.12 Purchase Agreement dated May 23, 2007 between the Registrant and Obsidian CDO Warehouse, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.1, filed on May 23, 2007) 
 4.13 Indenture, dated March 6, 2013, between Redwood Trust, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Exhibit 4.1, filed on March 6, 2013) 
 4.14 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated August 18, 2017, between Redwood Trust, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 4.75 Convertible Senior Note due 2023) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.2, filed on August 18, 2017) 
 4.15 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated June 25, 2018, between Redwood Trust, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 5.625 Convertible Senior Note due 2024) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.2, filed on June 25, 2018) 
 4.16 Indenture, by and among Redwood Trust, Inc., RWT Holdings, Inc., and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, dated as of September 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 99.1, filed on September 25, 2019) 
 4.17 Indenture, dated June 9, 2022, between Redwood Trust, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 4 .1, filed on June 9, 2022) 
 9.1 Waiver Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 between the Registrant and Davis Selected Advisors, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 9.1, filed on March 5, 2008) 
 9.2 Amendment of Waiver Agreement dated as of January 16, 2008 between Registrant and Davis Selected Advisors, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 9.2, filed on March 5, 2008) 
 10.1 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2022 Form of Award Agreement) (filed herewith) 
 
 116 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 10.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2022 Form or Award Agreement) (filed herewith) 
 10.3 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2022 Form of Award Agreement) (filed herewith) 
 10.4 Form of Cash Settled Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2022 Form of Award Agreement) (filed herewith) 
 10.5 Form of Cash Settled Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2022 Form of Award Agreement) (filed herewith) 
 10.6 Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan, as amended through December 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 10.7 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2021 Form of Award Agreement for Director Grants) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1, filed on May 7, 2021) 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.2, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 10.9 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on December 18, 2020) 
 10.10 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.3, filed on December 18, 2020) 
 10.11 Form of Cash Settled Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.2, filed on December 18, 2020) 
 10.12 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Cash Performance Vesting) under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.4, filed on August 7, 2020) 
 10.13 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Cash Time Vesting) under 2014 Incentive Plan (2020 Form) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.5, filed on August 7, 2020) 
 10.14 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2019 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on December 13, 2019) 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2018 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Annual 10-K, Exhibit 10.23, filed on March 1, 2019) 
 10.16 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2018 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on December 17, 2018) 
 10.17 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Plan (2018 Form of Award Agreement) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.2, filed on December 17, 2018) 
 10.18 Form of Letter Agreement Amendment to Equity Awards Under 2014 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.3, filed on December 17, 2018) 
 10.19 Form of Redwood Trust, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Award Plan (2014) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.4, filed on August 8, 2014) 
 
 117 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 10.20 Form of Redwood Trust, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Incentive Award Plan (2014) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.2, filed on August 8, 2014) 
 10.21 2002 Redwood Trust, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through May 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on May 17, 2019) 
 10.22 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated on December 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1, filed on January 14, 2009) 
 10.23 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of November 23, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.15, filed on February 26, 2014) 
 10.24 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1, filed on November 8, 2018) 
 10.25 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effected as of August 25, 2022 incorporated by reference to the Registra n t's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1, filed on November 7, 2022 
 10.26 Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to the Plan text included in the Registrant s Prospectus Supplement filed on May 9, 2019) 
 10.27 Summary of the Registrant s Compensation Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to the Director Compensation section of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 30, 2022 
 10.28 Revised Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 99.3, filed on November 16, 2009) 
 10.29 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and between Christopher J. Abate and the Registrant incorporated by re ference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.2, filed on November 7, 2022) 
 10.30 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and between Dashiell I. Robinson and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10. 3 , filed on November 7 , 202 2 
 10.31 S eventh Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and between Andrew P. Stone and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10. 5 , filed on November 7 , 202 2 
 10.32 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and between Brooke E. Carillo and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.4, filed on November 7 , 202 2 
 10.33 Side Letter Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2021, by and between Brooke Carillo and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.3, filed on May 7, 2021) 
 10.34 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and between Sasha G. Macomber and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10. 6 , filed on November 7 , 202 2 
 10.35 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and between Fred J. Matera and the Registrant (filed herewith) 
 10.36 Letter Agreement, between Collin L. Cochrane and the Registrant, dated as of February 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.77, filed on March 2, 2020) 
 10.37 Redwood Trust, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, dated November 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.5, filed on August 4, 2021) 
 10.38 Office Building Lease, effective as of and dated as of June 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1, filed November 3, 2011) 
 
 118 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 10.39 First Amendment to Lease, effective as of May 25, 2017, between AG-SKB Belvedere Owner, L.P. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1, filed on August 4, 2017) 
 10.40 Second Amendment to Lease, effective as of December 27, 2017, between AG-SKB Belvedere Owner, L.P. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.30, filed on February 28, 2018) 
 10.41 Lease Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2013, between MG-Point, LLC, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.22, filed on February 26, 2013) 
 10.42 First Amendment to Lease, effective as of June 27, 2013, between MG-Point, LLC, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.4, filed August 8, 2013) 
 10.43 Second Amendment to Lease, effective as of June 23, 2014, between MG-Point, LLC, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.7, filed August 8, 2014) 
 10.44 Third Amendment to Lease, effective as of January 22, 2020, between ARTIS HRA Inverness Point, LP (successor-in-interest to MG-Point, LLC), as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.38, filed on March 2, 2020) 
 10.45 Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between ARTIS HRA Inverness Point, LP, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.2, filed on August 7, 2020) 
 10.46 Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2020, between ARTIS HRA Inverness Point, LP, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.3, filed on August 7, 2020) 
 10.47 
 Sixth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, between ARTIS HRA Inverness Point, LP, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.7, filed on August 4, 2021) 
 10.48 Seventh Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2021, between ARTIS HRA Inverness Point, LP, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.8, filed on August 4, 2021) 
 10.49 First Amendment to Lease, between Jamboree Center 4 LLC and Redwood Trust, Inc., dated as of December 3, 2021 inc orporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.42, filed on February 2 5 , 202 2 
 10.50 Lease, between Jamboree Center 4 LLC and Redwood Trust, Inc., dated as of December 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.38, filed on February 26, 2021) 
 10.51 Distribution Agreement by and among Redwood Trust, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, and JMP Securities LLC, dated November 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.1, filed on November 15, 2018) 
 10.52 Amendment No. 1 to the Distribution Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and JMP Securities LLC, dated May 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.1, filed on May 10, 2019) 
 10.53 Amendment No. 2 to the Distribution Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and JMP Securities LLC, dated March 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 1.1, filed on March 6, 2020) 
 21 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 
 23 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP (filed herewith) 
 
 119 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 101 Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, is filed in XBRL-formatted interactive data files: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (iii) Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates exhibits that include management contracts or compensatory plan or arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 120 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. ABATE Christopher J. Abate Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. ABATE Director and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 Christopher J. Abate (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BROOKE E. CARILLO Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Brooke E. Carillo (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ COLLIN L. COCHRANE Chief Accounting Officer February 28, 2023 Collin L. Cochrane (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ GREG H. KUBICEK Director, Chair of the Board February 28, 2023 Greg H. Kubicek /s/ ARMANDO FALCON Director February 28, 2023 Armando Falcon /s/ DOUGLAS B. HANSEN Director February 28, 2023 Douglas B. Hansen /s/ DEBORA D. HORVATH Director February 28, 2023 Debora D. Horvath /s/ GEORGE W. MADISON Director February 28, 2023 George W. Madison /s/ GEORGANNE C. PROCTOR Director February 28, 2023 Georganne C. Proctor /s/ DASHIELL I. ROBINSON Director and President February 28, 2023 Dashiell I. Robinson /s/ FAITH A. SCHWARTZ Director February 28, 2023 Faith A. Schwartz 
 
 121 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, 
 REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 For Inclusion in Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed With 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 December 31, 2022 
 F- 1 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 
 Note 1. Organization 
 F- 12 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation 
 F- 12 
 Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 17 
 Note 4. Principles of Consolidation 
 F- 33 
 Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 F- 40 
 Note 6. Residential Loans 
 F- 55 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans 
 F- 63 
 Note 8. Multifamily Loans 
 F- 70 
 Note 9. Real Estate Securities 
 F- 72 
 Note 10. Home Equity Investments 
 F- 77 
 Note 11. Other Investments 
 F- 79 
 Note 12. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 F- 81 
 Note 13. Other Assets and Liabilities 
 F- 83 
 Note 14. Short-Term Debt 
 F- 86 
 Note 15. Asset-Backed Securities Issued 
 F- 89 
 Note 16. Long-Term Debt 
 F- 92 
 Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies 
 F- 96 
 Note 18. Equity 
 F- 100 
 Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans 
 F- 102 
 Note 20. Mortgage Banking Activities 
 F- 108 
 Note 21. Other Income 
 F- 109 
 Note 22. Operating Expenses 
 F- 110 
 Note 23. Taxes 
 F- 112 
 Note 24. Segment Information 
 F- 115 
 Note 25 . Subsequent Events 
 F- 120 
 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 F- 121 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Redwood Trust, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Fair value measurements of certain real estate securities, and beneficial interests in consolidated Sequoia and Freddie Mac Seasoned Loans Structured Transaction SLST securitization entities holding residential loans, consolidated CoreVest American Finance Lender CAFL securitization entities holding business purpose loans, a consolidated securitization entity holding home equity investment contracts, and consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series securitization entities holding multifamily loans 
 As described further in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company owns real estate securities, which are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Some of these real estate securities result in the consolidation of the underlying securitization entities as required by ASC 810, Consolidation. The Company has elected to account for certain consolidated securitization entities as Collateralized Financing Entities CFEs and has elected to measure the financial assets of its CFEs using the fair value of the financial liabilities issued by those entities, which management has determined to be more observable. The real estate securities and beneficial interests in consolidated securitization entities are priced by the Company utilizing market comparable pricing and discounted cash flow analysis valuation techniques. 
 F- 3 

We identified the fair value measurements of certain investment securities, specifically certain subordinate securities, as well the beneficial interests in consolidated Sequoia and SLST securitization entities holding residential loans, consolidated CAFL securitization entities holding business purpose loans, a consolidated securitization entity holding home equity investment contracts and consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series securitization entities holding multifamily loans (together, Investments as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the fair value measurement of these Investments was a critical audit matter are as follows. There is limited observable market data available for these Investments as they trade infrequently and, as such, the fair value measurement requires management to make complex judgments in order to identify and select the significant assumptions, which include one or more of the following: the discount rate, prepayment rate, default rate, home price appreciation and loss severity. In addition, the fair value measurements of the Investments are highly sensitive to changes in the significant assumptions and underlying market conditions and are material to the consolidated financial statements. As a result, obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence related to the fair value measurements required significant auditor subjectivity. 
 Our audit procedures related to the fair value measurements of these Investments included the following, among others. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls including, among others, management s validation of the inputs to the valuations, and management s review of the significant assumptions against available market data. Further, we involved firm valuation specialists to independently determine the fair value measurement for a sample of the Investments and compared them to management s fair value measurement for reasonableness. 
 Realizability of federal deferred tax asset at the taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS 
 As described further in Note 3 and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax asset when a judgment is made, that is considered more likely than not, that a tax benefit will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences will become deductible. The Company assesses the need for a valuation allowance by evaluating both positive and negative evidence that exists. We identified the realizability of the federal deferred tax asset at the TRS to be a critical audit matter. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the realizability of the deferred tax asset is a critical audit matter is that the forecast of future taxable income is an accounting estimate subject to a high level of estimation. There is inherent uncertainty and subjectivity related to management s judgments and assumptions regarding the future financial performance at the TRS which is complex in nature and requires significant auditor judgment. 
 Our audit procedures related to the realizability of the federal deferred tax asset at the TRS included the following, among others. We compared the forecast of future taxable income at the TRS to relevant historical period actual results to evaluate the reasonableness of the forecast. We also compared the forecast of future taxable income to forecasts provided by management in other areas of the audit to evaluate completeness and consistency. We obtained sensitivity analyses performed by management to evaluate how changes in certain assumptions impact the forecast. Further, we compared certain assumptions against available market data to assess consistency of management s assumptions to current market expectations. In evaluating the future taxable income and realizability of the deferred tax asset, we involved engagement team members possessing specialized skill in income tax matters to assist in evaluating the weighting of positive and negative evidence associated with the need for a valuation allowance. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 
 February 28, 2023 

F- 4 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Redwood Trust, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 

\ 
 F- 5 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (In Thousands, except Share Data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS (1) 
 Residential loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Residential loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Business purpose loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Business purpose loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Consolidated Agency multifamily loans, at fair value Real estate securities, at fair value Home equity investments Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Goodwill Intangible assets Derivative assets Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (1) 
 Liabilities Short-term debt Derivative liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Asset-backed securities issued (includes and at fair value), net 
 Long-term debt, net Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 17 
 Equity Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Cumulative earnings Cumulative distributions to stockholders ) ) Total equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 (1) and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, liabilities of consolidated VIEs totaled and , respectively. See Note 4 for further discussion. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands, except Share Data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income Residential loans Business purpose loans Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Real estate securities Other interest income Total interest income Interest Expense Short-term debt ) ) ) Asset-backed securities issued ) ) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) Net Interest Income Non-interest (Loss) Income Mortgage banking activities, net ) Investment fair value changes, net ) ) Other income, net Realized gains, net Total non-interest (loss) income, net ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) Portfolio management costs ) ) ) Loan acquisition costs ) ) ) Other expenses ) ) ) Net (Loss) Income before Benefit from (Provision for) Income Taxes ) ) Benefit from (Provision for) income taxes ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share ) ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (Loss) Income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Net unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Reclassification of unrealized loss (gain) on available-for-sale securities to net (loss) income ) ) Net unrealized loss on interest rate agreements ) Reclassification of unrealized loss on interest rate agreements to net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 8 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands, except Share Data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Cumulative Earnings Cumulative Distributions to Stockholders Total Shares Amount December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock Employee stock purchase and incentive plans ) ) Non-cash equity award compensation Share repurchases ) ) ) ) Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands, except Share Data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Cumulative Earnings Cumulative Distributions to Stockholders Total Shares Amount December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock Employee stock purchase and incentive plans ) ) Non-cash equity award compensation Share repurchases Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (In Thousands, except Share Data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Cumulative Earnings Cumulative Distributions to Stockholders Total Shares Amount December 31, 2019 ) Net (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock: Employee stock purchase and incentive plans ) ) Non-cash equity award compensation Share repurchases ) ) ) ) Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of premiums, discounts, and debt issuance costs, net ) Depreciation and amortization of non-financial assets Originations of held-for-sale loans ) ) ) Purchases of held-for-sale loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of held-for-sale loans Principal payments on held-for-sale loans Net settlements of derivatives ) Non-cash equity award compensation expense Goodwill impairment expense Market valuation adjustments ) Realized gains, net ) ) ) Net change in: Accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Accrued interest payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Originations of loan investments ) ) ) Purchases of loan investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of loan investments Principal payments on loan investments Purchases of real estate securities ) ) ) Sales of securities held in consolidated securitization trusts Proceeds from sales of real estate securities Principal payments on real estate securities Purchases of servicer advance investments ) ) Repayments from servicer advance investments, net Acquisition of Riverbend, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of HEIs ) ) Repayments on HEIs Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities 

F- 10 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from borrowings on short-term debt Repayments on short-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of asset-backed securities Repayments on asset-backed securities issued ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Deferred long-term debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Net settlements of derivatives ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Payments for repurchase of common stock ) ) Taxes paid on equity award distributions ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (1) 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Taxes Supplemental Noncash Information: Real estate securities retained from loan securitizations Retention of mortgage servicing rights from loan securitizations and sales Deconsolidation of multifamily loans held in securitization trusts ) Deconsolidation of multifamily ABS issued ) Transfers from loans held-for-sale to loans held-for-investment Transfers from loans held-for-investment to loans held-for-sale Transfers from residential loans to real estate owned Issuance of common stock for 5 Arches acquisition Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Reduction in operating lease liabilities due to lease modification 
 
 (1) million and restricted cash of million; at December 31, 2021 included cash and cash equivalents of million and restricted cash of million; and at December 31, 2020 included cash and cash equivalents of million and restricted cash of million. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 11 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 1. 
 segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking, and Investment Portfolio. 
 Our primary sources of income are net interest income from our investments and non-interest income from our mortgage banking activities. Net interest income primarily consists of the interest income we earn on investments less the interest expense we incur on borrowed funds and other liabilities. Income from mortgage banking activities is generated through the origination and acquisition of loans, and their subsequent sale, securitization, or transfer to our investment portfolios. 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 1994. We generally refer, collectively, to Redwood Trust, Inc. and those of its subsidiaries that are generally not subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as the REIT or our REIT. We generally refer to subsidiaries of Redwood Trust, Inc. that are subject to subsidiary-level corporate income tax as our taxable REIT subsidiaries or TRS. 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Maryland on April 11, 1994, and commenced operations on August 19, 1994. On March 1, 2019, Redwood completed the acquisition of 5 Arches, LLC ("5 Arches"), at which time 5 Arches became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Redwood. On October 15, 2019, Redwood acquired CoreVest American Finance Lender, LLC and certain affiliated entities ("CoreVest"), at which time CoreVest became wholly owned by Redwood. During 2020, the operations of 5 Arches were subsequently combined with those of CoreVest under the CoreVest brand. On July 1, 2022, Redwood acquired Riverbend Funding, LLC ("Riverbend"), at which time Riverbend became wholly owned by Redwood. The operations of Riverbend were combined with those of CoreVest under the CoreVest brand. References herein to Redwood, the company, we, us, and our include Redwood Trust, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to Redwood Trust, Inc. Refer to Item 1 - Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our business. 

Note 2. 
 
 In 2022, we changed the presentation of our Consolidated Balance Sheets to include a new line item "Home equity investments," the balance of which was previously included as a component of the "Other Investments" line item. All applicable prior period amounts presented in this document were conformed to this presentation. Additionally, in 2022, we changed the presentation of our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) to include a new line item, "Portfolio management costs," for which amounts were previously included in the "General and Administrative expenses" and "Loan acquisition costs" line items. All prior period amounts presented in this document were conformed to this presentation. 
 F- 12 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation - (continued) 

 partnerships ("Servicing Investment" entities) through which we have invested in servicing-related assets. We maintain an ownership interest in each entity and have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of these partnerships. 
 See Note 4 for further discussion on principles of consolidation. 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 Acquisitions 
 Riverbend Funding, LLC 
 On July 1, 2022, we acquired Riverbend Funding, LLC ("Riverbend"), a private mortgage lender for residential transitional and commercial real estate investors. Aggregate consideration for this acquisition included an initial cash payment of approximately million (with a remaining estimated provisional purchase consideration payable subject to reconciliation and final settlement), and a potential earnout component to be paid contingent on Riverbend generating specified revenues over a threshold amount during the period ending July 1, 2024, up to a maximum potential amount payable of million. Based on the terms of the merger agreement, we determined that the earnout component should be accounted for as contingent purchase consideration, which was valued at on July 1, 2022. 
 F- 13 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation - (continued) 

Provisional consideration payable Total consideration Allocated to: Business purpose loans, at fair value Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Short-term debt, net Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total net assets acquired 
 We recognized million of acquisition costs related to our acquisition of Riverbend during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs primarily related to accounting, consulting, and legal expenses and are included in our General and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 F- 14 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation - (continued) 

 million, million and million, respectively. 
 ) Broker network ) Non-compete agreements ) Tradenames ) Developed technology ) Loan administration fees on existing loan assets ) Total ) 
 Intangible Assets at Acquisition Accumulated Amortization at December 31, 2021 Carrying Value at December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Amortization Period (in years) (Dollars in Thousands) Borrower network ) Broker network ) Non-compete agreements ) Tradenames ) Developed technology ) Loan administration fees on existing loan assets ) Total ) 
 All of our intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded intangible asset amortization expense of million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total Future Intangible Asset Amortization 
 On a quarterly basis, we evaluate our finite-lived intangible assets for impairment indicators and additionally evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets to determine if revisions to the remaining periods of amortization are warranted. We reviewed our finite-lived intangible assets and determined that the estimated lives were appropriate and that there were no indicators of impairment at December 31, 2022. 
 F- 15 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation - (continued) 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the total consideration exceeding the fair value of the net assets acquired from Riverbend. The goodwill was attributed to the expected business synergies and expansion into new business purpose loan markets, as well as access to the knowledgeable and experienced workforce continuing to provide complementary sourcing of assets for the business. We expect million of this goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. For reporting purposes, we included the intangible assets and goodwill from these acquisitions within our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment. 
 During the first quarter of 2020, as a result of the deterioration in economic conditions caused by the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic (the "pandemic"), and its impact on our business, we concluded that the fair value of our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking reporting unit was less than its carrying value, including goodwill, and we recorded a non-cash million goodwill impairment expense through Other expenses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). In conjunction with our assessment of goodwill, we also assessed our intangible assets for impairment at March 31, 2020 and determined they were not impaired. 
 Goodwill recognized from acquisition Impairment Ending Balance 
 The potential liability resulting from the contingent consideration arrangement with Riverbend was recorded at its acquisition-date fair value of as part of the total consideration for the acquisition of Riverbend. At December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of this contingent liability was on our consolidated balance sheets. Our contingent consideration liability is recorded at fair value and periodic changes in the estimated fair value are recorded through Other expenses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not record any contingent consideration income or expense related to our acquisition of Riverbend. See Note 17 for additional information on our contingent consideration liability. 
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents Net interest income, Non-interest (loss) income, and Net (loss) income of Redwood, as if the acquisition of Riverbend occurred as of January 1, 2021. These pro forma amounts have been adjusted to include the amortization of intangible assets for all periods. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not intended to represent or be indicative of the consolidated financial results of operations that would have been reported if the acquisition had been completed as of January 1, 2021 and should not be taken as indicative of our future consolidated results of operations. 
 Non-interest (loss) income ) Net (loss) income ) 
 During the period from July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, Riverbend had net interest income of million, non-interest income of million, and a net loss of million, which included intangible asset amortization expense of million. 
 F- 16 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 See Note 5 for further discussion on fair value measurements. 
 Fair Value Option 
 See Note 5 for further discussion on the fair value option. 
 
 F-17 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

 to years) or "bridge" loans (generally include loans with maturities between and months). Single-family rental loans are mortgage loans secured by residential real estate (primarily 1-4 unit) that the borrower owns as an investment property and rents to residential tenants. BPL bridge loans are mortgage loans which are generally secured by unoccupied residential or multifamily real estate that the borrower owns as an investment and that is being renovated, rehabilitated or constructed. 
 Business Purpose Loans Held-for-Sale at Fair Value we classify business purpose loans as held-for-sale at fair value when we originate or purchase these loans with the intent to transfer the loans to securitization entities or sell the loans to third parties. Coupon interest for these loans is recognized as revenue when earned and deemed collectible or until a loan becomes more than 90 days past due, at which point the loan is placed on nonaccrual status and any accrued interest is reversed against interest income. When a seriously delinquent loan previously placed on nonaccrual status has cured, meaning all delinquent principal and interest have been remitted by the borrower, the loan is placed back on accrual status. Changes in fair value are recurring and reported through our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Mortgage banking activities, net. 
 Business Purpose Loans Held-for-Investment at Fair Value we classify business purpose loans as held-for-investment at fair value if we intend to hold these loans to maturity. Coupon interest for these loans is recognized as revenue when earned and deemed collectible or until a loan becomes more than 90 days past due, at which point the loan is placed on nonaccrual status and any accrued interest is reversed against interest income. When a seriously delinquent loan previously placed on nonaccrual status has cured, meaning all delinquent principal and interest have been remitted by the borrower, the loan is placed back on accrual status. Changes in fair value for these loans are recurring and are reported through our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Investment fair value changes, net. 
 
 In addition, we record loans held at consolidated CAFL Term entities at fair value. In accordance with accounting guidance for CFEs, we use the fair value of the ABS issued by these entities (which we determined to be more observable) to determine the fair value of the loans held at these entities. Coupon interest for these loans is recognized as revenue based on amounts expected to be paid to the securities issued by these entities. Changes in fair value for these loans and related ABS are recurring and are reported through our consolidated statements of income (loss) in Investment fair value changes, net. 
 F- 18 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

See Note 17 for further discussion on the residential repurchase reserves. 
 Real Estate Securities, at Fair Value 
 F- 19 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

 See Note 10 for further discussion on HEIs. 
 
 F- 20 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

F- 21 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 . 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 F- 22 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

F- 23 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

See Note 12 for further discussion on derivative financial instruments. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
 F- 24 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

 or (depending on the arrangement) of losses realized on reference pools of conforming residential mortgage loans that we acquired and then sold to the Agencies. As part of these risk-sharing arrangements, during the term of our first Fannie Mae arrangement, we receive monthly cash payments from Fannie Mae based on the monthly outstanding unpaid principal balance of the reference pool of loans, and for our Freddie Mac and our subsequent Fannie Mae arrangements, the Agencies charged us a reduced guarantee fee for the reference loans we delivered to them in exchange for mortgage-backed securities, which we then sold. 
 Under these arrangements we are required to pledge assets to the Agencies to collateralize our risk-sharing commitments to them throughout the terms of the arrangements. These pledged assets are held by a third-party custodian for the benefit of the Agencies. To the extent approved losses are incurred, the custodian will transfer collateral to the Agencies. As a result of these transactions, we recorded restricted cash, pledged collateral in the other assets line item, and guarantee obligations in the other liabilities line item, on our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, for the first Fannie Mae transaction, we recorded a guarantee asset in the other assets line item on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 The guarantee obligations represent our commitments to assume losses under these arrangements. We amortize the guarantee obligations over the terms of the arrangements based primarily on changes in the outstanding unpaid principal balance of loans in the reference pools, with a portion of the liabilities treated as a credit reserve that is not amortized into income. In addition, each period we assess the need for a separate loss allowance related to these arrangements, based on our estimate of credit losses inherent in the reference pools of loans. 
 Income from cash payments received under the first Fannie Mae risk-sharing arrangement and income related to the amortization of the guarantee obligations of all three arrangements are recorded in Other income, net and market valuation changes of the guarantee asset are recorded in Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Our consolidated balance sheets include assets of the special purpose entities ("SPEs") associated with these risk-sharing arrangements (i.e., the "pledged collateral" referred to above) that can only be used to settle obligations of these SPEs and liabilities of these SPEs for which the creditors of these SPEs (the Agencies) do not have recourse to Redwood Trust, Inc. or its affiliates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets of such SPEs totaled million and million, respectively, and liabilities of such SPEs totaled million and million, respectively. 
 See Note 17 for further discussion on loss contingencies risk-sharing. 
 REO 

F- 25 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

See Note 16 for further discussion on leases. 
 Payable to Non-Controlling Interests 
 
 See Note 10 and Note 11 for further discussion of HEIs and Other investments, respectively, and Note 13 for further discussion on other assets and other liabilities. 
 Short-Term Debt 
 
 See Note 14 for further discussion on short-term debt. 
 Asset-Backed Securities Issued 
 See Note 15 for further discussion on ABS issued. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 F- 26 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

Equity 
 F- 27 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

See Note 18 for further discussion on equity. 
 Incentive Plans 
 period. Awards made under the Incentive Plan to officers and other employees in lieu of the payment in cash of a portion of annual bonuses earned generally vest immediately, but are subject to a mandatory holding period. Deferred stock units, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards have attached dividend equivalent rights, resulting in the payment of dividend equivalents each time we pay a common stock dividend. Non-employee directors are also provided annual awards under the Incentive Plan that generally vest immediately. The cost of the awards is generally amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. We have elected to account for forfeitures on employee equity awards as they occur. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In 2013, our shareholders approved an amendment to our previously amended 2002 Redwood Trust, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP to increase the number of shares available under the ESPP. The purpose of the ESPP is to give our employees an opportunity to acquire an equity interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of common stock at a discount. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase common stock at of its fair value, subject to certain limits. Fair value as defined under the ESPP is the lesser of the closing market price of the common stock on the first day of the calendar year or the last day of the calendar quarter. 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 In 2018, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our 2002 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan EDCP to increase the number of shares available to non-employee directors to defer certain cash payments and dividends into DSUs. The EDCP allows eligible employees and directors to defer portions of current salary and certain other forms of compensation. The Company matches some deferrals. Compensation deferred under the EDCP is recorded as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. The EDCP allows for the investment of deferrals in either an interest crediting account or DSUs. 
 401(k) Plan 
 of their cash earnings, subject to the maximum 401(k) Plan contribution limit set forth by the Internal Revenue Service. We match some employee contributions to encourage participation and to provide a retirement planning benefit to employees. Plan matching contributions made by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Vesting of the 401(k) Plan matching contributions is based on the employee s tenure at the Company, and over time an employee becomes increasingly vested in matching contributions. 
 See Note 19 for further discussion on equity compensation plans. 
 
 F- 28 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

See Note 23 for further discussion on taxes. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 F- 29 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

 million of BPL bridge loans and million of trust preferred securities and subordinated notes debt. In early 2022 , we began benchmarking all newly originated BPL bridge loans to SOFR. The LIBOR-indexed BPL bridge loans we have outstanding have fallback provisions for benchmark replacement, and given their short duration, we also expect most of them to be repaid before the LIBOR cessation date. Additionally, as a result of legislation that was passed in the state of New York, our trust preferred securities and subordinated notes are expected to convert to SOFR upon the cessation of LIBOR. 
 
 F- 30 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

) TBAs ) Futures ) Total Assets ) ) Liabilities (2) 
 Interest rate agreements TBAs ) ) ) Futures ) ) Loan warehouse debt ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) ) 
 F- 31 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) 

 ) ) TBAs ) ) Futures ) Total Assets ) ) Liabilities (2) 
 Interest rate agreements ) ) TBAs ) ) ) Futures ) ) Loan warehouse debt ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) ) 
 (1) Amounts presented in these columns are limited in total to the net amount of assets or liabilities presented in the prior column by instrument. In certain cases, we have pledged excess cash collateral or financial assets to a counterparty (which, in certain circumstances, may be a clearinghouse) that exceed the financial liabilities subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. Additionally, in certain cases, counterparties may have pledged excess cash collateral to us that exceeds our corresponding financial assets. In each case, these excess amounts are excluded from the table; they are separately reported in our consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities, respectively. 

F- 32 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. 
 Servicing Investment entities formed to invest in servicing-related assets that we determined were VIEs and for which we determined we were the primary beneficiary. At December 31, 2022, we held an ownership interest in, and were responsible for the management of, each entity. See Note 11 for a further description of these entities and the investments they hold and Note 13 for additional information on the minority partner s non-controlling interest. Additionally, we consolidated an entity that was formed to finance servicer advances that we determined was a VIE and for which we, through our control of one of the aforementioned partnerships, were the primary beneficiary. The servicer advance financing consists of non-recourse short-term securitization debt, secured by servicer advances. We consolidate the securitization entity, but the securitization entity is independent of Redwood and the assets and liabilities are not owned by and are not legal obligations of Redwood. See Note 14 for additional information on the servicer advance financing. 
 During 2021, we consolidated a HEI securitization entity formed to invest in HEIs that we determined was a VIE and for which we determined we were the primary beneficiary. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we owned a portion of the subordinate certificates issued by the entity and had certain decision making rights for the entity. See Note 10 for a further description of this entity and the investments it holds and Note 13 for additional information on non-controlling interests in the entity. We consolidate the HEI securitization entity, but the securitization entity is independent of Redwood and the assets and liabilities are not owned by and are not legal obligations of Redwood. 
 During 2021, we called of our consolidated CAFL entities and repaid the associated ABS issued. In association with these calls, we transferred million (unpaid principal balance) of loans from held-for-investment to held-for-sale. 
 For certain of our consolidated VIEs, we have elected to account for the assets and liabilities of these entities as collateralized financing entities ("CFE"). A CFE is a variable interest entity that holds financial assets and issues beneficial interests in those assets, and these beneficial interests have contractual recourse only to the related assets of the CFE. Accounting guidance for CFEs allows companies to elect to measure both the financial assets and financial liabilities of a CFE using the more observable of the fair value of the financial assets or fair value of the financial liabilities. The net equity in an entity accounted for under the CFE election effectively represents the fair value of the beneficial interests we own in the entity. 
 In addition to our consolidated VIEs for which we made the CFE election, we consolidate certain VIEs for which we did not make the CFE election, and elected to account for the ABS issued by these entities at amortized cost. These include our CAFL Bridge securitizations, Freddie Mac SLST re-securitization, and Servicing Investment entities. 

F- 33 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

 Business purpose loans, held-for-investment Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Home equity investments Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total Assets Short-term debt Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Asset-backed securities issued Total Liabilities Value of our investments in VIEs (1) 
 Number of VIEs 
 F- 34 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

 Business purpose loans, held-for-investment Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total Assets Short-term debt Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Asset-backed securities issued Total Liabilities Value of our investments in VIEs (1) 
 Number of VIEs 
 (1) Value of our investments in VIEs, as presented in this table, represents the fair value of our economic interests in the VIEs only for consolidated VIEs we account for under the CFE election. CAFL includes BPL term loan securitizations we account for under the CFE election and BPL bridge loan securitizations for which we did not make the CFE election. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of our interests in the CAFL Term securitizations were million and million, respectively, and the remaining values were associated with our interests in the CAFL Bridge securitizations, for which the ABS issued is carried at amortized historical cost. Freddie Mac SLST includes securitizations we account for under the CFE election and also includes ABS issued in relation to a resecuritization of the securities we own in the consolidated Freddie Mac SLST VIEs, that we account for at amortized historical cost. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of our interests in the Freddie Mac SLST securitizations accounted for under the CFE election were million and million, respectively, with the difference from the tables above representing ABS issued and carried at amortized historical cost. 
 
 F- 35 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

 Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income Non-interest income Investment fair value changes, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income Total non-interest income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) Other expenses ) ) Income (Loss) from Consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Legacy Sequoia Sequoia CAFL Freddie Mac SLST Freddie Mac K-Series Servicing Investment HEI Total Consolidated VIEs (Dollars in Thousands) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income Non-interest income Investment fair value changes, net ) ) Other income Total non-interest income, net ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) Other expenses ) ) Income from Consolidated VIEs 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Legacy Sequoia Sequoia CAFL Freddie Mac SLST Freddie Mac K-Series Servicing Investment HEI Total Consolidated VIEs (Dollars in Thousands) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income Non-interest income Investment fair value changes, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total non-interest income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) Other expenses Income (Loss) from Consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 F- 36 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

 Sequoia securitization entities sponsored by us that are still outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and accounted for these transfers as sales for financial reporting purposes, in accordance with ASC 860. We also determined we were not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as we lacked the power to direct the activities that will have the most significant economic impact on the entities. For certain of these transfers to securitization entities, for the transferred loans where we held the servicing rights prior to the transfer and continued to hold the servicing rights following the transfer, we recorded mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs") on our consolidated balance sheets, and classified those MSRs as Level 3 assets. We also retained senior and subordinate securities in these securitizations that we classified as Level 3 assets. Our continuing involvement in these securitizations is limited to customary servicing obligations associated with retaining servicing rights (which we retain a third-party sub-servicer to perform) and the receipt of interest income associated with the securities we retained. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we called of our unconsolidated Sequoia entities, and purchased million (unpaid principal balance) of loans from the securitization trusts. In association with these calls, we realized million of gain on the securities we owned from these called securitizations, which was recognized through Realized gains, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). At December 31, 2022, we held million of loans for sale at fair value that were acquired following the calls, of which million were committed to a sale that settled January 2023. 
 Trading securities retained, at fair value AFS securities retained, at fair value 

F- 37 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

 MSR fees received Funding of compensating interest, net ) ) Cash flows received on retained securities 
 Discount rates N/A N/A Credit loss assumptions N/A N/A 
 Subordinate securities, classified as AFS Mortgage servicing rights Maximum loss exposure (1) 
 Assets transferred: Principal balance of loans outstanding Principal balance of loans 30+ days delinquent 
 (1) Maximum loss exposure from our involvement with unconsolidated VIEs pertains to the carrying value of our securities and MSRs retained from these VIEs and represents estimated losses that would be incurred under severe, hypothetical circumstances, such as if the value of our interests and any associated collateral declines to zero. This does not include, for example, any potential exposure to representation and warranty claims associated with our initial transfer of loans into a securitization. 

F- 38 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

Expected life (in years) (2) 
 Prepayment speed assumption (annual CPR) (2) 
 Decrease in fair value from: adverse change 
 adverse change 
 Discount rate assumption (2) 
 Decrease in fair value from: basis point increase 
 basis point increase 
 Credit loss assumption (2) 
 N/A Decrease in fair value from: higher losses 
 N/A N/A higher losses 
 N/A N/A 
 December 31, 2021 MSRs Senior 
 Securities (1) 
 Subordinate Securities (Dollars in Thousands) Fair value at December 31, 2021 Expected life (in years) (2) 
 Prepayment speed assumption (annual CPR) (2) 
 Decrease in fair value from: adverse change 
 adverse change 
 Discount rate assumption (2) 
 Decrease in fair value from: basis point increase 
 basis point increase 
 Credit loss assumption (2) 
 N/A Decrease in fair value from: higher losses 
 N/A N/A higher losses 
 N/A N/A 
 
 (1) Senior securities included million and million of interest-only securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Expected life, prepayment speed assumption, discount rate assumption, and credit loss assumption presented in the tables above represent weighted averages. 
 F- 39 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 4. Principles of Consolidation - (continued) 

Subordinate Total Mortgage-Backed Securities Excess MSR Total Investments in Third-Party Sponsored VIEs 
 We determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these third-party VIEs, as we do not have the required power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these entities. Specifically, we do not service or manage these entities or otherwise solely hold decision making powers that are significant. As a result of this assessment, we do not consolidate any of the underlying assets and liabilities of these third-party VIEs we only account for our specific interests in them. 

Note 5. 
 
 F- 40 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Residential loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Business purpose loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Business purpose loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Consolidated Agency multifamily loans, at fair value Real estate securities, at fair value Servicer advance investments (1) 
 MSRs (1) 
 Excess MSRs (1) 
 HEIs Other investments (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Derivative assets REO (2) 
 Margin receivable (2) 
 Liabilities Short-term debt (3) 
 Margin payable (4) 
 Guarantee obligations (4) 
 HEI securitization non-controlling interest Derivative liabilities ABS issued net at fair value at amortized cost Other long-term debt, net (5) 
 Convertible notes, net (5) 
 Trust preferred securities and subordinated notes, net (5) 
 
 (1) These investments are included in Other investments on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) These assets are included in Other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Short-term debt excludes short-term convertible notes, which are included below under "Convertible notes, net." 
 (4) These liabilities are included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F- 41 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 million and million of securities, respectively, billion and billion of residential loans (principal balance), respectively, and billion and billion of business purpose loans (principal balance), respectively. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we elected the fair value option for million and million of HEIs, respectively, and million and million of Other Investments, respectively. We anticipate electing the fair value option for all future purchases of residential and business purpose loans that we intend to sell to third parties or transfer to securitizations, as well as for certain securities we purchase, including IO securities, fixed-rate securities rated investment grade or higher and HEIs. 
 Business purpose loans Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Real estate securities Servicer advance investments MSRs Excess MSRs HEIs Other investments Derivative assets Liabilities HEI securitization non-controlling interest Derivative liabilities ABS issued 
 F- 42 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Business purpose loans Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Real estate securities Servicer advance investments MSRs Excess MSRs HEIs Other Investments Derivative assets Liabilities HEI securitization non-controlling interest Derivative liabilities ABS issued 
 
 Acquisitions Originations Sales ) ) ) ) Principal paydowns ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Gains (losses) in net income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized losses in OCI, net ) Other settlements, net (1) 
 ) ) ) Ending balance - December 31, 2022 

F- 43 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Acquisitions Principal paydowns ) Gains (losses) in net income (loss), net ) ) Other settlements, net (1) 
 Ending balance - December 31, 2022 
 Assets (In Thousands) Residential Loans Business Purpose Loans Consolidated Agency Multifamily Loans Trading Securities AFS Securities Servicer Advance Investments Excess MSRs HEIs MSRs and Other Investments Beginning balance - December 31, 2020 Acquisitions Originations Sales ) ) ) ) Principal paydowns ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Gains (losses) in net income, net ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains in OCI, net ) Other settlements, net (1) 
 ) ) ) Ending balance - December 31, 2021 
 Liabilities (In Thousands) Derivatives (2) 
 HEI Securitization Non-Controlling Interest ABS Issued Beginning balance - December 31, 2020 Acquisitions Principal paydowns ) Gains (losses) in net income, net ) Other settlements, net (1) 
 ) Ending balance - December 31, 2021 
 (1) Other settlements, net for residential and business purpose loans represents the transfer of loans to REO, for derivatives, represents the transfer of the fair value of loan purchase and interest rate lock commitments at the time loans are acquired to the basis of residential and business purpose loans, and for MSRs and other investments, primarily represents an investment that was exchanged into a new instrument that is no longer measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 (2) For the purpose of this presentation, derivative assets and liabilities, which consist of loan purchase commitments and interest rate lock commitments, are presented on a net basis. 
 
 F- 44 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) Business purpose loans ) Net investments in consolidated Sequoia entities (1) 
 ) ) Net investments in consolidated Freddie Mac SLST entities (1) 
 ) ) Net investments in consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series entities (1) 
 ) Net investments in consolidated CAFL Term entities (1) 
 ) ) Net investment in consolidated HEI securitization entity (1) 
 Trading securities ) ) Available-for-sale securities ) ) Servicer advance investments ) ) ) MSRs ) Excess MSRs ) ) ) HEIs at Redwood ) ) Other investments ) ) ) Loan purchase and interest rate lock commitments Liabilities Non-controlling interest in consolidated HEI entity ) ) Loan purchase commitments ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the portion of net fair value gains or losses included in our consolidated statements of income (loss) related to securitized loans, securitized HEIs, and the associated ABS issued at our consolidated securitization entities held at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, which, netted together represent the change in value of our investments at the consolidated VIEs, under CFE election, excluding REO. 
 F- 45 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Gain (Loss) for Year Ended December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Fair Value Measurements Using (In Thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Assets REO ) 

F- 46 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) ) Residential loan purchase and commitments ) BPL term loans held-for-sale, at fair value ) BPL term loan interest rate lock commitments ) BPL bridge loans ) Trading securities (1) 
 ) ) Risk management derivatives, net ) Total mortgage banking activities, net (2) 
 ) Investment Fair Value Changes, Net Residential loans held-for-investment at Redwood (called Sequoia loans) ) ) Business purpose loans held-for-investment ) ) ) Trading securities ) ) Servicer advance investments ) ) ) Excess MSRs ) ) ) Net investments in Legacy Sequoia entities (3) 
 ) ) ) Net investments in Sequoia entities (3) 
 ) ) Net investments in Freddie Mac SLST entities (3) 
 ) ) Net investment in Freddie Mac K-Series entity (3) 
 ) Net investments in CAFL Term entities (3) 
 ) ) Net investments in HEI securitization entities (3) 
 HEIs at Redwood ) ) Other investments ) ) Risk management derivatives, net ) Credit (losses) recoveries on AFS securities ) ) Total investment fair value changes, net ) ) Other Income MSRs ) ) Other ) Risk management derivatives, net Total other income (4) 
 ) ) Total Market Valuation Gains (Losses), Net ) ) 
 (1) Represents fair value changes on trading securities that are being used along with risk management derivatives to manage the market risks associated with our residential mortgage banking operations. 
 (2) Mortgage banking activities, net presented above does not include fee income from loan originations or acquisitions, provisions for repurchases, and other expenses that are components of Mortgage banking activities, net presented on our consolidated statements of income (loss), as these amounts do not represent market valuation changes. 
 (3) Includes changes in fair value of the residential loans held-for-investment, securitized HEIs, REO and the ABS issued at the entities, which netted together represent the change in value of our investments at the consolidated VIEs accounted for under the CFE election. 
 
 F- 47 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 F- 48 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Whole loan spread to swap rate - bps bps Called loan dollar price - Jumbo loans committed to sell Whole loan committed sales price - Loans held by Legacy Sequoia (2) 
 Liability price N/A N/A Loans held by Sequoia (2) 
 Liability price N/A N/A Loans held by Freddie Mac 
 SLST (2) 
 Liability price N/A N/A Business purpose loans: BPL term loans Senior credit spread - bps bps Subordinate credit spread - bps bps Senior credit support - IO discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Whole loan spread - bps bps BPL term loans held by CAFL Liability price N/A N/A BPL bridge loans Whole loan discount rate - Senior credit spread - bps bps Subordinate credit spread - bps bps Senior credit support - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Multifamily loans held by Freddie Mac K-Series (2) 
 Liability price N/A N/A Trading and AFS securities Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Default rate - Loss severity - CRT dollar price - HEIs Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Home price appreciation ) - HEIs held by HEI securitization entity Discount Rate N/A N/A Servicer advance investments Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Expected remaining life (3) 
 - yrs yrs Mortgage servicing income - bps bps 
 F- 49 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Per loan annual cost to service - Excess MSRs Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Excess mortgage servicing amount - bps bps Residential loan purchase commitments, net Whole loan spread to swap rate - bps bps Pull-through rate - Committed sales price Liabilities ABS issued (2) 
 At consolidated Sequoia entities Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Default rate - Loss severity - At consolidated CAFL Term entities Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Default rate - Loss severity - At consolidated Freddie Mac SLST entities Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Default rate - Loss severity - At consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series entities (4) 
 Discount rate - At consolidated HEI entities (4) 
 Discount rate - Prepayment rate (annual CPR) - Home price appreciation ) - 
 (1) The weighted average input values for all loan types are based on unpaid principal balance. The weighted average input values for all other assets and liabilities are based on relative fair value. 
 (2) The fair value of the loans and HEIs held by consolidated entities is based on the fair value of the ABS issued by these entities, and the securities and other investments we own in those entities, which we determined were more readily observable, in accordance with accounting guidance for collateralized financing entities. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of securities we owned at the consolidated Sequoia, CAFL Term, Freddie Mac SLST, Freddie Mac K-Series, and HEI securitization entities was million, million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 (3) Represents the estimated average duration of outstanding servicer advances at a given point in time (not taking into account new advances made with respect to the pool). 
 F- 50 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

F- 51 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 F- 52 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

 million. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and money market fund investments which are generally invested in U.S. government securities and are available to us on a daily basis. Fair values equal carrying values (Level 1). 
 Restricted cash 
 Restricted cash primarily includes interest-earning cash balances related to risk-sharing transactions with the Agencies, cash held at Servicing Investment entities, and cash held at consolidated Sequoia, HEI and CAFL Bridge entities for the purpose of distribution to investors and reinvestment. Due to the short-term nature of the restrictions, fair values approximate carrying values (Level 1). 
 Accrued interest receivable and payable 
 Accrued interest receivable and payable includes interest due on our assets and payable on our liabilities. Due to the short-term nature of when these interest payments will be received or paid, fair values approximate carrying values (Level 1). 
 Real estate owned 
 Real estate owned ("REO") includes properties owned in satisfaction of foreclosed loans. Fair values are determined using available market quotes, appraisals, broker price opinions, comparable properties, or other indications of value (Level 3). 
 Margin receivable 
 Margin receivable reflects cash collateral we have posted with our various derivative and debt counterparties as required to satisfy margin requirements. Fair values approximate carrying values (Level 2). 
 Short-term debt 
 Short-term debt includes our credit facilities for residential and business purpose loans and real estate securities as well as non-recourse short-term borrowings used to finance servicer advance investments, promissory notes and the current portion of long-term debt. As these borrowings are secured and subject to margin calls and as the rates on these borrowings reset frequently to market rates, we believe that carrying values approximate fair values (Level 2). 
 F- 53 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments - (continued) 

F- 54 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. 
 
 Held-for-investment at fair value Total Residential Loans 
 December 31, 2021 Legacy Sequoia Freddie Mac (In Thousands) Redwood Sequoia SLST Total Held-for-sale at fair value Held-for-investment at fair value Total Residential Loans 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned mortgage servicing rights associated with million (principal balance) of residential loans owned at Redwood that were purchased from third-party originators. The value of these MSRs is included in the carrying value of the associated loans on our consolidated balance sheets. We contract with licensed sub-servicers that perform servicing functions for these loans. 
 Residential Loans Held-for-Sale 
 At Fair Value 
 Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans Market value of loans pledged as collateral under short-term borrowing agreements Weighted average coupon Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Unpaid principal balance of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Fair value of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Number of loans in foreclosure 

F- 55 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 Principal balance of loans sold Principal balance of loans transferred to HFI Net market valuation (losses) gains recorded (2) 
 ) 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes million and million of loans acquired through calls of and seasoned Sequoia securitizations, respectively. 
 (2) Net market valuation gains (losses) on residential loans held-for-sale are recorded primarily through Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Residential Loans Held-for-Investment at Fair Value 
 We invest in residential subordinate securities issued by Legacy Sequoia, Sequoia and Freddie Mac SLST securitization trusts and consolidate the underlying residential loans owned by these entities for financial reporting purposed in accordance with GAAP. 
 Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans (2) 
 Weighted average coupon Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (1) 
 Unpaid principal balance of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Fair value of loans with 90+ day delinquencies N/A N/A N/A Number of loans in foreclosure Unpaid principal balance of loans in foreclosure 
 F- 56 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans (2) 
 Weighted average coupon Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (1) 
 Unpaid principal balance of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Fair value of loans with 90+ day delinquencies N/A N/A N/A Number of loans in foreclosure Unpaid principal balance of loans in foreclosure 
 (1) For loans held at consolidated entities, the number of loans greater than 90 days delinquent includes loans in foreclosure. 
 (2) The fair value of the loans held by consolidated entities was based on the fair value of the ABS issued by these entities, including securities we own, which we determined were more readily observable, in accordance with accounting guidance for collateralized financing entities. 
 For loans held at our consolidated Legacy Sequoia, Sequoia, and Freddie Mac SLST entities, market value changes are based on the estimated fair value of the associated ABS issued, including securities we own, pursuant to collateralized financing entity guidelines, and are recorded in Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 N/A N/A N/A Net market valuation gains (losses) recorded ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the transfer of loans from held-for-sale to held-for-investment associated with Sequoia securitizations. 
 REO 
 See Note 13 for detail on residential loans transferred to REO during 2022. 

F- 57 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 Texas Washington Colorado Florida New York New Jersey Illinois Maryland Ohio Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Geographic Concentration (by Principal) Held-for-Sale Held-for- Investment at Legacy Sequoia Held-for- Investment at Sequoia Held-for-Investment at Freddie Mac SLST California Texas Washington Colorado Florida Arizona New York New Jersey Illinois Maryland Ohio Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 
 F- 58 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 to to 2032-11 - 2032-11 to to 2042-04 - 2052-12 to to 2042-06 - 2042-06 Fixed loans to to 2026-04 - 2052-06 to to 2026-12 - 2052-12 to to 2038-09 - 2052-12 to to 2042-04 - 2053-01 over to 2042-03 - 2053-01 Total Held-for-Sale Held-for-Investment at Legacy Sequoia: ARM loans: to to 2022-06 - 2035-11 to to 2027-04 - 2035-11 to to 2027-05 - 2035-07 to to 2028-03 - 2036-03 over to 2028-06 - 2035-04 Hybrid ARM loans: to to 2033-09 - 2033-09 to to 2033-07 - 2034-03 Total HFI at Legacy Sequoia: 

F- 59 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 to to 2047-04 - 2049-06 to to 2044-04 - 2049-08 to to 2047-07 - 2048-01 over to 2045-07 - 2049-04 Fixed loans: to to 2029-04 - 2051-12 to to 2038-04 - 2051-12 to to 2031-04 - 2052-01 to to 2036-12 - 2052-01 over to 2036-07 - 2052-01 Held-for-Investment at Freddie Mac SLST: Fixed loans: to to 2022-12 2062-11 to to 2036-03 2062-09 to to 2045-02 2059-01 over to 2056-03 2056-03 Total Held-for-Investment 
 F- 60 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 to to 2032-11 - 2032-11 to to 2042-08 - 2042-09 to to 2042-04 - 2052-01 to to 2042-06 - 2052-01 over to 2042-01 - 2052-01 Fixed loans to to 2026-04 - 2051-12 to to 2026-12 - 2051-11 to to 2026-12 - 2052-01 to to 2041-07 - 2052-.01 over to 2041-10 - 2052-.01 Total Held-for-Sale Held-for-Investment at Legacy Sequoia: ARM loans: to to 2022-01 - 2035-11 to to 2024-05 - 2035-11 to to 2027-05 - 2035-07 to to 2028-03 - 2036-03 over to 2028-06 - 2035-04 Hybrid ARM loans: to to 2033-09 - 2033-10 to to 2033-07 - 2034-03 to to 2033-08 - 2033-08 over to 2033-09 - 2033-09 Total HFI at Legacy Sequoia: 
 
 F- 61 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 6. Residential Loans - (continued) 

 to to 2048-03 - 2048-09 to to 2047-04 - 2049-06 to to 2044-04 - 2049-08 to to 2047-06 - 2049-08 over to 2044-11 - 2050-01 Fixed loans: to to 2029-04 - 2051-06 to to 2033-06 - 2051-09 to to 2031-04 - 2051-12 to to 2036-12 - 2051-11 over to 2036-07 - 2051-11 Held-for-Investment at Freddie Mac SLST: Fixed loans: to to 2021-12 2061-10 to to 2035-08 2059-08 to to 2043-08 2059-01 over to 2056-03 2056-03 Total Held-for-Investment 
 
 F- 62 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 7. 
 
 Held-for-investment at fair value Total Business Purpose Loans 
 December 31, 2021 BPL Term BPL Bridge (In Thousands) Redwood CAFL Redwood CAFL Total Held-for-sale at fair value Held-for-investment at fair value Total Business Purpose Loans 
 Nearly all of the outstanding BPL term loans at December 31, 2022 were first-lien, fixed-rate loans with original maturities of five, seven, or ten years, with having original maturities of 30 years. 
 The outstanding BPL bridge loans held-for-investment at December 31, 2022 were first-lien, interest-only loans with original maturities of six to months and were comprised of one-month LIBOR-indexed adjustable-rate loans, one-month SOFR-indexed adjustable-rate loans, and fixed-rate loans. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a million commitment to fund BPL bridge loans. See Note 17 for additional information on this commitment. 
 
 F- 63 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

Principal balance of loans acquired (1) 
 Principal balance of loans sold to third parties Fair value of loans transferred (2) 
 Fair value of loans transferred from HFI to HFS (3) 
 N/A Mortgage banking activities income (loss) recorded (4) 
 ) Investment fair value changes recorded (5) 
 ) 
 (1) BPL bridge at Redwood for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes million of loans acquired as part of the Riverbend acquisition. 
 (2) For BPL term at Redwood, represents the transfer of loans from held-for-sale to held-for-investment associated with CAFL Term securitizations. For BPL bridge at Redwood, represents the transfer of BPL bridge loans from "Bridge at Redwood" to "Bridge at CAFL" resulting from their securitization. 
 (3) Represents the transfer of BPL term loans from held-for-investment to held-for-sale associated with the call of a consolidated CAFL securitization during the second quarter of 2021. 
 (4) Represents net market valuation changes from the time a loan is originated to when it is sold or transferred to our investment portfolio. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded loan origination fee income of million, through Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (5) Represents net market valuation changes for loans classified as held-for-investment and associated interest-only strip liabilities. 
 Business Purpose Loans Held-for-Investment at CAFL 
 We invest in securities issued by CAFL securitizations sponsored by CoreVest and consolidate the underlying BPL term and bridge loans owned by these entities. For loans held at our consolidated CAFL Term entities, market value changes are based on the estimated fair value of the associated ABS issued, including securities we own, pursuant to collateralized financing entity guidelines, and are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). The net impact to our income statement associated with our economic investments in the CAFL Term entities is presented in Table 4.2 . We did not elect to account for the CAFL Bridge securitizations under the collateralized financing entity guidelines. The following table provides the activity of business purpose loans held-for-investment at CAFL during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.) ) ) ) 
 . 
 REO 
 See Note 13 for detail on business purpose loans transferred to REO during 2022. 
 
 F- 64 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans Weighted average coupon Weighted average remaining loan term (years) Market value of loans pledged as collateral under short-term debt facilities N/A N/A Market value of loans pledged as collateral under long-term debt facilities N/A N/A Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (2) 
 Unpaid principal balance of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Fair value of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (3) 
 N/A Number of loans in foreclosure Unpaid principal balance of loans in foreclosure Fair value of loans in foreclosure (3) 
 N/A December 31, 2021 BPL Term at Redwood BPL Term at 
 CAFL (1) 
 BPL Bridge at Redwood BPL Bridge at CAFL (Dollars in Thousands) Number of loans Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans Weighted average coupon Weighted average remaining loan term (years) Market value of loans pledged as collateral under short-term debt facilities N/A N/A Market value of loans pledged as collateral under long-term debt facilities N/A N/A Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (2) 
 Unpaid principal balance of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Fair value of loans with 90+ day delinquencies (3) 
 N/A Number of loans in foreclosure Unpaid principal balance of loans in foreclosure Fair value of loans in foreclosure (3) 
 N/A 
 
 F- 65 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

Connecticut Illinois New York Florida Texas Alabama New Jersey Georgia Tennessee Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Geographic Concentration (by Principal) BPL Term at Redwood BPL Term at CAFL BPL Bridge at Redwood BPL Bridge at CAFL Florida Texas Alabama Connecticut New Jersey New York Georgia California Illinois Tennessee Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 
 F- 66 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

to to 2048-11 - 2052-06 to to 2029-04 - 2052-07 to to 2021-08 - 2052-04 to to 2032-09 - 2033-01 over to 2025-08 - 2052-04 Total BPL term loans at Redwood: BPL Term Loans CAFL: Fixed loans: to to 2022-11 - 2028-11 to to 2023-01 - 2032-04 to to 2022-11 - 2032-06 to to 2022-08 - 2032-07 over to 2022-06 - 2032-08 Total BPL Term loans at CAFL: BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood Fixed Loans: to to 2020-12 - 2024-06 to to 2020-05 - 2024-06 to to 2021-02 - 2024-05 to to 2022-03 - 2023-06 over to 2020-07 - 2023-06 Floating Loans: to to 2021-10 - 2024-09 to to 2023-03 - 2024-09 to to 2023-05 - 2025-09 to to 2023-07 - 2024-05 over to 2023-01 - 2025-09 Total BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood: BPL Bridge Loans at CAFL: Fixed loans: to to 2022-05 - 2024-03 to to 2022-10 - 2023-09 to to 2022-12 - 2023-08 to to 2022-12 - 2023-06 over to 2022-11 - 2023-10 
 F- 67 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

to to 2021-10 - 2024-11 to to 2021-10 - 2024-06 to to 2021-10 - 2024-11 to to 2023-04 - 2024-06 over to 2022-10 - 2025-03 Total BPL Bridge Loans at CAFL: 
 F- 68 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

to to 2048-11 - 2052-01 to to 2026-01 - 2052-01 to to 2021-01 - 2052-01 to to 2026-12 - 2052-01 over to 2020-01 - 2052-01 Total BPL Term Loans at Redwood: BPL Term Loans at CAFL: Fixed loans: to to 2023-01 - 2024-04 to to 2022-02 - 2031-02 to to 2022-02 - 2031-10 to to 2022-03 - 2031-09 over to 2022-03 - 2030-10 Total BPL Term Loans at CAFL: BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood Fixed Loans: to to 2019-08 - 2023-11 to to 2020-05 - 2023-09 to to 2021-02 - 2022-11 to to 2021-09 - 2022-10 over to 2020-07 - 2023-10 Floating Loans: to to 2019-08 - 2023-11 to to 2020-05 - 2023-12 to to 2021-03 - 2024-02 to to 2020-12 - 2024-02 over to 2021-03 - 2024-12 Total BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood: Bridge at CAFL: Fixed loans: to to 2022-01 - 2023-05 to to 2022-01 - 2023-03 to to 2022-01 - 2023-08 to to 2022-01 - 2023-04 over to 2022-01 - 2023-11 

F- 69 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7. Business Purpose Loans - (continued) 

to to 2021-10 - 2023-09 to to 2021-10 - 2023-09 to to 2021-10 - 2023-10 to to 2022-04 - 2023-06 over to 2021-11 - 2023-12 Total BPL Bridge Loans at CAFL: 

Note 8. 
 Unpaid principal balance Fair value of loans Weighted average coupon Weighted average remaining loan term (years) Delinquency information Number of loans with 90+ day delinquencies Number of loans in foreclosure 
 The outstanding Consolidated Agency multifamily loans held-for-investment at the consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series entity at December 31, 2022 were first-lien, fixed-rate loans that were originated in 2015. The following table provides the activity of multifamily loans held-for-investment during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 8.2 Activity of Consolidated Agency Multifamily Loans Held-for-Investment 
 Year Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Net market valuation gains (losses) recorded (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Net market valuation gains (losses) on multifamily loans held-for-investment are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). For loans held at our consolidated Freddie Mac K-Series entity, market value changes are based on the estimated fair value of the associated ABS issued, including securities we own, pursuant to collateralized financing entity guidelines. The net impact to our income statement associated with our economic investment in these securitization entities is presented in Table 4.2. 
 F- 70 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 8. Consolidated Agency Multifamily Loans - (continued) 

Florida North Carolina Oregon Hawaii Tennessee Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 to to 2025-09 - 2025-09 to to 2025-09 - 2025-09 Total: 
 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) Loan Balance Number of Loans Interest Rate Maturity Date Total Principal 30-89 Days DQ 90+ Days DQ Fixed loans: to to 2025-09 - 2025-09 to to 2025-09 - 2025-09 Total: 
 
 F- 71 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 9. 
 
 Available-for-sale Total Real Estate Securities 
 Our real estate securities include mortgage-backed securities, which are presented in accordance with their general position within a securitization structure based on their rights to cash flows. Senior securities are those interests in a securitization that generally have the first right to cash flows and are last in line to absorb losses. Mezzanine securities are interests that are generally subordinate to senior securities in their rights to receive cash flows, and have subordinate securities below them that are first to absorb losses. Subordinate securities are all interests below mezzanine. Exclusive of our re-performing loan securities, nearly all of our residential securities are supported by collateral that was designated as prime at the time of issuance. 
 Trading Securities 
 We elected the fair value option for certain securities and classify them as trading securities. Our trading securities include both residential and multifamily mortgage-backed securities, and our residential securities also include securities backed by re-performing loans ("RPL"). 
 Total Senior Subordinate RPL securities Multifamily securities Other third-party residential securities Total Subordinate Total Trading Securities 
 (1) Includes million and million of Sequoia certificated mortgage servicing rights at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table presents the unpaid principal balance of trading securities by position and collateral type at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 9.3 Unpaid Principal Balance of Trading Securities by Position 
 (In Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Senior (1) 
 Subordinate Total Trading Securities 
 (1) Our senior trading securities are comprised of interest-only securities, for which there is no principal balance. 
 F- 72 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 9. Real Estate Securities - (continued) 

Principal balance of securities sold (1) 
 Net market valuation gains (losses) recorded (2) 
 ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, excludes million of securities bought and sold during the same quarter. 
 (2) Net market valuation gains (losses) on trading securities are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net and Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 AFS Securities 
 Multifamily securities Other third-party residential securities Total Subordinate Total AFS Securities 
 The following table provides the activity of available-for-sale securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 9.6 Available-for-Sale Securities Activity 
 Year Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Fair value of securities acquired Fair value of securities sold Principal balance of securities called Net unrealized (losses) gains on AFS securities (1) 
 ) 
 (1) Net unrealized (losses) gains on AFS securities are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets through Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 We often purchase AFS securities at a discount to their outstanding principal balances. To the extent we purchase an AFS security that has a likelihood of incurring a loss, we do not amortize into income the portion of the purchase discount that we do not expect to collect due to the inherent credit risk of the security. We may also expense a portion of our investment in the security to the extent we believe that principal losses will exceed the purchase discount. We designate any amount of unpaid principal balance that we do not expect to receive and thus do not expect to earn or recover as a credit reserve on the security. Any remaining net unamortized discounts or premiums on the security are amortized into income over time using the effective yield method. 
 F- 73 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 9. Real Estate Securities - (continued) 

million of AFS securities with contractual maturities less than five years, million with contractual maturities greater than five years but less than ten years, and the remainder of our AFS securities had contractual maturities greater than ten years. 
 Credit reserve ) ) Unamortized discount, net ) ) Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses ) ) CECL allowance ) Carrying Value 
 
 Amortization of net discount ) ) Realized credit recoveries (losses), net ) Acquisitions Sales, calls, other ) ) ) ) Transfers to (release of) credit reserves, net ) ) Ending Balance 

F- 74 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 9. Real Estate Securities - (continued) 

) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, after giving effect to purchases, sales, and extinguishment due to credit losses, our consolidated balance sheet included AFS securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position and was in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 consecutive months or longer. At December 31, 2021, our consolidated balance sheet included AFS securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position and was in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 consecutive months or longer. 
 Evaluating AFS Securities for Credit Losses 
 Gross unrealized losses on our AFS securities were million at December 31, 2022. We evaluate all securities in an unrealized loss position to determine if the impairment is credit-related (resulting in an allowance for credit losses recorded in earnings) or non-credit-related (resulting in an unrealized loss through other comprehensive income). At December 31, 2022, we did not intend to sell any of our AFS securities that were in an unrealized loss position, and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at their maturity. We review our AFS securities that are in an unrealized loss position to identify those securities with losses based on an assessment of changes in expected cash flows for such securities, which considers recent security performance and expected future performance of the underlying collateral. 
 At December 31, 2022, our current expected credit loss ("CECL") allowance related to our AFS securities was million. AFS securities for which an allowance is recognized have experienced, or are expected to experience, adverse cash flow changes. In determining our estimate of cash flows for AFS securities we may consider factors such as structural credit enhancement, past and expected future performance of underlying mortgage loans, including timing of expected future cash flows, which are informed by prepayment rates, default rates, loss severities, delinquency rates, percentage of non-performing loans, FICO scores at loan origination, year of origination, loan-to-value ratios, and geographic concentrations, as well as general market assessments. Changes in our evaluation of these factors impacted the cash flows expected to be collected at the assessment date and were used to determine if there were credit-related adverse changes in cash flows and if so, the amount of credit related losses. Significant judgment is used in both our analysis of the expected cash flows for our AFS securities and any determination of security credit losses. 
 Loss severity 
 
 F- 75 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 9. Real Estate Securities - (continued) 

Additions to allowance for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded Additional increases or decreases to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period ) Allowance on purchased financial assets with credit deterioration Reduction to allowance for securities sold during the period Reduction to allowance for securities we intend to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell Write-offs charged against allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off Ending balance of allowance for credit losses 
 Gains and losses from the sale of AFS securities are recorded as Realized gains, net, in our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Gross realized gains - calls Gross realized losses - sales ) Total Realized Gains on Sales and Calls of AFS Securities, net 
 F- 76 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

 Note 10. 
 HEIs held at consolidated HEI securitization entity Total Home Equity Investments 
 At December 31, 2022, we had flow purchase agreements with HEI originators with million of cumulative purchase commitments outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had the option to terminate certain HEI purchase commitments upon 90 days prior notice and reduce our HEI purchase commitments. See Note 17 for additional information on these commitments. 
 We consolidate the HEI securitization entity in accordance with GAAP and have elected to account for it under the CFE election. As such, market valuation changes for the securitized HEI are based on the estimated fair value of the associated ABS issued by the entity, including the securities we own. 
 Fair value of HEI transferred (1) 
 ) Net market valuation gains (losses) recorded (2) 
 ) 
 (1) Includes HEI transferred into our HEI securitization. 
 (2) We account for HEI at Redwood under the fair value option and record net market valuation changes through Investment fair value changes, net on our Consolidated statements of income (loss). We account for Securitized HEI under the CFE election and net market valuation gains (losses) for these investments are recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our Consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Average initial amount of contract 
 
 F- 77 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 Note 10. Home Equity Investments - (continued) 

 Florida Arizona Washington Colorado New York Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Geographic Concentration (by Principal) HEI at Redwood Securitized HEI California Florida Arizona Washington Colorado New York Other states (none greater than 5 Total 
 F- 78 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 11. 
 Strategic investments Excess MSRs Mortgage servicing rights Other Total Other Investments 
 Servicer advance investments 
 We and a third-party co-investor, through partnerships SA Buyers consolidated by us, purchased the outstanding servicer advances and excess MSRs related to portfolios of legacy residential mortgage-backed securitizations serviced by the co-investor. See Note 4 for additional information regarding the transaction and Note 17 for additional information regarding our funding obligations for this investment. 
 Our servicer advance investments (owned by the consolidated SA Buyers) are comprised of outstanding servicer advance receivables, the requirement to purchase all future servicer advances made with respect to specified pools of residential mortgage loans, and a portion of the mortgage servicing fees from the underlying loan pools. A portion of the remaining mortgage servicing fees from the underlying loan pools are paid directly to the third-party servicer for the performance of servicing duties and a portion is paid to excess MSRs that we own as a separate investment. 
 Servicer advances are non-interest bearing and are a customary feature of residential mortgage securitization transactions. Servicer advances are generally reimbursable cash payments made by a servicer when the borrower fails to make scheduled payments due on a residential mortgage loan or to support the value of the collateral property. Servicer advances typically fall into three categories: 
 Principal and Interest Advances: cash payments made by the servicer to cover scheduled principal and interest payments on a residential mortgage loan that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. 
 Escrow Advances (Taxes and Insurance Advances): Cash payments made by the servicer to third parties on behalf of the borrower for real estate taxes and insurance premiums on the property that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. 
 Corporate Advances: Cash payments made by the servicer to third parties for the reimbursable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the foreclosure, preservation and sale of the mortgaged property, including attorneys and other professional fees. 
 Servicer advances are generally permitted to be repaid from amounts received with respect to the related residential mortgage loan, including payments from the borrower or amounts received from the liquidation of the property securing the loan. Residential mortgage servicing agreements generally require a servicer to make advances in respect of serviced residential mortgage loans unless the servicer determines in good faith that the advance would not be ultimately recoverable from the proceeds of the related residential mortgage loan or the mortgaged property. 
 F- 79 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 11. Other Investments - (continued) 

million and were associated with specified pools of residential mortgage loans with an unpaid principal balance of billion. The outstanding servicer advance receivables associated with this investment were million at December 31, 2022, which were financed with short-term non-recourse securitization debt (see Note 14 for additional detail on this debt). 
 Escrow advances (taxes and insurance advances) Corporate advances Total Servicer Advance Receivables 
 We account for our servicer advance investments at fair value and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded million, million and million, respectively, of Other interest income associated with these investments, and recorded net market valuation losses of million, million, and million, respectively, through Investment fair value changes, net in our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Strategic Investments 
 Strategic investments represent investments we made in companies through our RWT Horizons venture investment strategy and separately at a corporate level. At December 31, 2022, we had made a total of investments in companies through RWT Horizons with a total carrying value of million, as well as corporate-level investments. See Note 3 for additional detail on how we account for our strategic investments. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized net mark-to-market valuation gains of million and , respectively, on our strategic investments, which were recorded in Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded losses of million and gains of million, respectively, in Other income, net on our Consolidated statements of income (loss), from our strategic investments. 
 Excess MSRs 
 In association with our servicer advance investments described above, we (through our consolidated SA Buyers) invested in excess MSRs associated with the same portfolio of legacy residential mortgage-backed securitizations. Additionally, we own excess MSRs associated with specified pools of multifamily loans. We account for our excess MSRs at fair value and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we recognized million, million and million of Other interest income, respectively, and recorded net market valuation losses of million, million, and million, respectively, through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 We invest in mortgage servicing rights associated with residential mortgage loans and contract with licensed sub-servicers to perform all servicing functions for these loans. The majority of our investments in MSRs were made through the retention of servicing rights associated with the residential jumbo mortgage loans that we acquired and subsequently sold to third parties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we retained million of MSRs from sales of residential loans to third parties. We hold our MSR investments at our taxable REIT subsidiaries. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our MSRs had a fair value of million and million, respectively, and were associated with loans with an aggregate principal balance of billion and billion, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, including net market valuation gains and losses on our MSRs and related risk management derivatives, we recorded a net gain of million, a net gain of million, and a net loss of million, respectively, through Other income on our consolidated statements of income (loss) related to our MSRs. 
 F- 80 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 12. 
 TBAs Interest rate futures Swaptions Assets - Other Derivatives Loan purchase and interest rate lock commitments Total Assets Liabilities - Risk Management Derivatives Interest rate swaps ) TBAs ) ) Interest rate futures ) ) Liabilities - Other Derivatives Loan purchase and interest rate lock commitments ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) Total Derivative Financial Instruments, Net 
 Risk Management Derivatives 
 To manage, to varying degrees, risks associated with certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, we may enter into derivative contracts. At December 31, 2022, we were party to swaps and swaptions with an aggregate notional amount of million, TBA agreements with an aggregate notional amount of billion, and interest rate futures contracts with an aggregate notional amount of million. At December 31, 2021, we were party to swaps and swaptions with an aggregate notional amount of billion, futures with an aggregate notional amount of million and TBA agreements with an aggregate notional amount of billion. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, risk management derivatives had net market valuation gains of million, net market valuation gains of million, and net market valuation losses of million, respectively. These market valuation gains and losses are recorded in Mortgage banking activities, net, Investment fair value changes, net and Other income on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Loan Purchase and Interest Rate Lock Commitments 
 Loan purchase commitments ("LPCs") and interest rate lock commitments ("IRLCs") that qualify as derivatives are recorded at their estimated fair values. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, LPCs and IRLCs had a net market valuation losses of million, a net market valuation gain of million, and a net market valuation gain of million, respectively, that were recorded in Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 F- 81 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 12. Derivative Financial Instruments - (continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are amortizing this loss into interest expense over the remaining term of our trust preferred securities and subordinated notes. As of December 31, 2022, we expect to amortize million of realized losses related to terminated cash flow hedges into interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, changes in the values of designated cash flow hedges were , , and negative million, respectively, and were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of equity. 
 ) Realized net losses reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) Total Interest Expense ) ) ) 
 Derivative Counterparty Credit Risk 
 We incur credit risk to the extent that counterparties to our derivative financial instruments do not perform their obligations under specified contractual agreements. If a derivative counterparty does not perform, we may not receive the proceeds to which we may be entitled under these agreements. Each of our derivative counterparties that is not a clearinghouse must maintain compliance with International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA agreements or other similar agreements (or receive a waiver of non-compliance after a specific assessment) in order to conduct derivative transactions with us. Additionally, we review non-clearinghouse derivative counterparty credit standings, and in the case of a deterioration of creditworthiness, appropriate remedial action is taken. To further mitigate counterparty risk, we exit derivatives contracts with counterparties that (i) do not maintain compliance with (or obtain a waiver from) the terms of their ISDA or other agreements with us; or (ii) do not meet internally established guidelines regarding creditworthiness. Our ISDA and similar agreements currently require full bilateral collateralization of unrealized loss exposures with our derivative counterparties. Through a margin posting process, our positions are revalued with counterparties each business day and cash margin is generally transferred to either us or our derivative counterparties as collateral based upon the directional changes in fair value of the positions. We also attempt to transact with several different counterparties in order to reduce our specific counterparty exposure. With respect to certain of our derivatives, clearing and settlement is through one or more clearinghouses, which may be substituted as a counterparty. Clearing and settlement of derivative transactions through a clearinghouse is also intended to reduce specific counterparty exposure. We consider counterparty risk as part of our fair value assessments of all derivative financial instruments at each quarter-end. At December 31, 2022, we assessed this risk as remote and did not record a specific valuation adjustment. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our derivative counterparty ISDA agreements. 
 F- 82 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 13. 
 Deferred tax asset Investment receivable Operating lease right-of-use assets Margin receivable Fixed assets and leasehold improvements (1) 
 REO Income tax receivables Other Total Other Assets 
 million and accumulated depreciation of million at December 31, 2022. 
 Accrued compensation Payable to non-controlling interests Operating lease liabilities Loan and MSR repurchase reserve Guarantee obligations Margin payable Accrued operating expenses Bridge loan holdbacks Current accounts payable Other Total Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 Investment Receivable 
 Investment receivable primarily consists of amounts receivable from third-party servicers related to principal and interest receivable from business purpose loans and fees receivable from servicer advance investments. 
 Margin Receivable and Payable 
 Margin receivable and payable resulted from margin calls between us and our counterparties under derivatives, master repurchase agreements, and warehouse facilities, whereby we or the counterparty posted collateral. Through December 31, 2022, we had met all margin calls due. 
 F- 83 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 13. Other Assets and Liabilities - (continued) 

Transfers to REO Liquidations (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value, net Balance at End of Period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) BPL Bridge Legacy Sequoia Freddie Mac SLST BPL Term at CAFL Total Balance at beginning of period Transfers to REO Liquidations (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value, net ) Balance at End of Period 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, REO liquidations resulted in million and million of realized gains, respectively, which were recorded in Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 The following table provides the detail of REO assets at Redwood and at consolidated Legacy Sequoia, Freddie Mac SLST, and CAFL entities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Table 13.4 REO Assets 
 Number of REO assets Redwood Bridge Legacy Sequoia Freddie Mac SLST BPL Term at CAFL Total At December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2021 
 Legal and Repurchase Reserves 
 See Note 17 for additional information on the legal and repurchase reserves. 
 F- 84 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 13. Other Assets and Liabilities - (continued) 

partnership entities consolidated by Redwood, purchased servicer advances and excess MSRs related to a portfolio of residential mortgage loans serviced by the co-investor (see Note 4 and Note 11 for additional information on the partnership entities and associated investments). We account for the co-investor s interests in the entities as liabilities and at December 31, 2022, the carrying value of their interests was million, representing their current economic interest in the entities. Earnings from the partnership entities are allocated to the co-investors on a proportional basis and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we allocated million of income, million of income, and million of losses, respectively, to the co-investors, which were recorded in Other expenses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 million, representing the fair value of their economic interests in the HEI entity. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investors' share of earnings from their retained interests were positive million and positive million, respectively, and were recorded through investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 F- 85 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

 Note 14. 
 3/2023 - 12/2023 Business purpose loan warehouse 3/2023 - 9/2023 Real estate securities repo 1/2023 - 3/2023 HEI warehouse 11/2023 Total Short-Term Debt Facilities Servicer advance financing 11/2023 Promissory notes N/A N/A N/A Convertible notes, net N/A 8/2023 Total Short-Term Debt 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Number of Facilities Outstanding Balance Limit Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Weighted Average Days Until Maturity Facilities Residential loan warehouse 1/2022-12/2022 Business purpose loan warehouse 3/2022-7/2022 Real estate securities repo 1/2022-3/2022 Total Short-Term Debt Facilities Servicer advance financing 11/2022 Convertible notes, net N/A Total Short-Term Debt 
 (1) Borrowings under our facilities generally are uncommitted and charged interest based on a specified margin over SOFR at December 31, 2022 or 1- or 3-month LIBOR at December 31, 2021 . 
 (2) Promissory notes payable on demand to lender with 90-day notice. 
 
 F- 86 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 14. Short-Term Debt - (continued) 

Business purpose loans HEI Real estate securities On balance sheet Sequoia securitizations (1) 
 Freddie Mac K-Series securitization (1) 
 Total real estate securities owned Restricted cash and other assets Total Collateral for Short-Term Debt Facilities Cash Restricted cash Servicer advances Total Collateral for Servicer Advance Financing Total Collateral for Short-Term Debt 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the average balances of our short-term debt facilities were billion and billion, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable on our short-term debt facilities was million and million, respectively. 
 Servicer advance financing consists of non-recourse short-term securitization debt used to finance servicer advance investments. We consolidate the securitization entity that issued the debt, but the entity is independent of Redwood and the assets and liabilities are not owned by and are not legal obligations of Redwood. At December 31, 2022, the accrued interest payable balance on this financing was million and the unamortized capitalized commitment costs were million. 
 In connection with our acquisition of Riverbend, we assumed million of promissory notes which are payable on demand with 90-days' prior notice from the lender or which may be repaid by us with 90-days' prior notice. These unsecured, non-marginable, recourse notes were issued in three separate series with fixed interest rates between and . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid million of principal of these notes. 
 We also maintain a million committed line of credit with a financial institution that is secured by certain mortgage-backed securities with a fair market value of million at December 31, 2022. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding borrowings on this facility. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, business purpose loan warehouse facilities with a borrowing limits of million, were reclassified to short-term debt from long-term debt as the maturity of these facilities became less than one year. 
 F- 87 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 14. Short-Term Debt - (continued) 

million principal amount of convertible debt and million of unamortized deferred issuance costs were reclassified from long-term debt to short-term debt as the maturity of the notes was less than one year as of August 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we repurchased million of convertible debt and recorded a million dollar gain on extinguishment. 
 Remaining Maturities of Short-Term Debt 
 Business purpose loans Real estate securities HEI warehouse Total Secured Short-Term Debt Servicer advance financing Promissory notes Convertible notes, net Total Short-Term Debt 

F- 88 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 15. 
 Interest-only certificates Market valuation adjustments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ABS Issued, Net Range of weighted average interest rates, by series (3) 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Stated maturities (3) 
 2024 - 2036 2047-2052 2027-2032 2028-2059 2025 2052 Number of series 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Legacy Sequoia Sequoia CAFL (1) 
 Freddie Mac SLST (2) 
 Freddie Mac K-Series HEI Total Certificates with principal balance Interest-only certificates Market valuation adjustments ) ) ) ABS Issued, Net Range of weighted average interest rates, by series (3) 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 
 Stated maturities (3) 
 2024 - 2036 2047-2052 2027-2031 2028-2059 2025 2052 Number of series 
 (1) Includes million and million (principal balance) of ABS issued by CAFL bridge securitization trusts sponsored by Redwood and accounted for at amortized cost at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million and million (principal balance) of ABS issued by a re-securitization trust sponsored by Redwood and accounted for at amortized cost at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 F- 89 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 15. Asset-Backed Securities Issued - (continued) 

 million (principal balance) of ABS issued to third parties and retained the remaining beneficial ownership interest in the trust. The ABS were issued at a discount and we have elected to account for the ABS issued at amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, the principal balance of the ABS issued was million, and the unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance costs were million in total, for a net carrying value of million. The weighted average stated coupon of the ABS issued was at issuance. The ABS issued by the CAFL bridge entity are subject to an optional redemption in May 2024, and beginning in June 2025, the interest rate on the ABS issued increases by through final maturity in May 2029. The ABS issued by this securitization were collateralized by million of BPL bridge loans and million of restricted cash and other assets at December 31, 2022. The securitization is structured with million of total funding capacity and a feature to allow reinvestment of loan payoffs for the first 24 months of the transaction (through May 2024), unless an amortization event occurs prior to the expiration of the 24-month reinvestment period. Amortization trigger events include, among other events, delinquency rates or default rates exceeding specified thresholds for three consecutive periods, or the effective advance rate exceeding a specified threshold. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we consolidated the assets and liabilities of a securitization entity formed in connection with the securitization of CoreVest BPL bridge loans (presented within CAFL in Table 15.1 above), which we determined was a VIE and for which we determined we are the primary beneficiary. At issuance, we sold million (principal balance) of ABS issued to third parties and retained the remaining beneficial ownership interest in the trust. The ABS were issued at a discount and we have elected to account for the ABS issued at amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, the principal balance of the ABS issued was million, and the unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance costs were million, for a net carrying value of million. The weighted average stated coupon of the ABS issued was at issuance. The ABS issued by the CAFL bridge entity are subject to an optional redemption in March 2024, and beginning in March 2025 the interest rate on the ABS issued increases by through final maturity in March 2029. The ABS issued by this securitization were backed by assets including million of BPL bridge loans, million of other assets and million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022. The securitization is structured with million of total funding capacity and a feature to allow reinvestment of loan payoffs for the first 30 months of the transaction (through March 2024), unless an amortization event occurs prior to the expiration of the 30-month reinvestment period. Amortization trigger events include, among other events, delinquency rates or default rates exceeding specified thresholds for three consecutive periods, or the effective advance rate exceeding a specified threshold. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we consolidated the assets and liabilities of the HEI securitization entity formed in connection with the securitization of HEIs, which we determined was a VIE and for which we determined we are the primary beneficiary. At issuance, we sold million (principal balance) of ABS issued to third parties and retained a portion of the remaining beneficial ownership interest in the trust. We elected to account for the entity under the CFE election and account for the ABS issued at fair value, with the entire change in fair value of the ABS issued (including accrued interest) recorded through Investment fair value changes, net on our consolidated statements of income. The ABS issued by the HEI securitization entity are subject to an optional redemption in September 2023, and beginning in September 2024 the interest rate on the ABS issued increases by through final maturity in 2052. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we transferred all of the subordinate securities we owned from two consolidated re-performing loan securitization VIEs sponsored by Freddie Mac SLST to a re-securitization trust, which we determined was a VIE and for which we determined we are the primary beneficiary. At issuance, we sold million (principal balance) of ABS issued to third parties and retained of the remaining beneficial ownership interest in the trust through ownership of a subordinate security issued by the trust. The ABS was issued at a discount and we have elected to account for the ABS issued at amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, the principle balance of the ABS issued was million and deferred issuance costs totaled million, for a net carrying value of million. The stated coupon of the ABS issued was at issuance and the final stated maturity occurs in July 2059. The ABS issued are subject to an optional redemption through July 2023, at which time, if the redemption right has not been exercised, the ABS interest rate steps up to . 
 F- 90 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 15. Asset-Backed Securities Issued - (continued) 

 . See Note 4 for detail on the carrying value components of the collateral for ABS issued and outstanding. 
 Sequoia CAFL Freddie Mac SLST (1) 
 Freddie Mac K-Series Total Accrued Interest Payable on ABS Issued 
 (1) Includes accrued interest payable on ABS issued by a re-securitization trust sponsored by Redwood. 
 
 F- 91 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 16. 
 N/A 9/2024 Facility B ) N/A 2/2025 Facility C ) N/A 6/2026 Non-Recourse BPL Financing Facility D ) SOFR + 
 N/A Facility E ) SOFR + 
 12/2025 Recourse BPL Financing Facility F ) SOFR + - 
 9/2024 Total Long-Term Debt Facilities ) Convertible notes convertible senior notes 
 ) N/A 7/2024 exchangeable senior notes 
 ) N/A 10/2025 convertible senior notes 
 ) N/A 6/2027 Trust preferred securities and subordinated notes ) N/A L + 
 7/2037 Total Long-Term Debt ) 
 F- 92 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 16. Long-Term Debt - (continued) 

) N/A 9/2024 Facility B ) N/A 2/2025 Facility C ) N/A 6/2026 Non-Recourse BPL Financing Facility D ) L + 
 N/A Recourse BPL Financing Facility G ) L + 
 9/2023 Facility H L + 
 6/2023 Total Long-Term Debt Facilities ) Convertible notes convertible senior notes 
 ) N/A 8/2023 convertible senior notes 
 ) N/A 7/2024 exchangeable senior notes 
 ) N/A 10/2025 Trust preferred securities and subordinated notes ) N/A L + 
 7/2037 Total Long-Term Debt ) 
 (1) Variable rate borrowings are based on 1- or 3-month LIBOR ("L" in the table above) or SOFR plus an applicable spread. 
 BPL term loans Real estate securities Sequoia securitizations (1) 
 CAFL securitizations (1) 
 Total Collateral for Long-Term Debt 
 
 F- 93 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 16. Long-Term Debt - (continued) 

Convertible notes convertible senior notes 
 convertible senior notes 
 exchangeable senior notes 
 convertible senior notes 
 Trust preferred securities and subordinated notes Total Accrued Interest Payable on Long-Term Debt 
 Recourse Subordinate Securities Financing Facilities 
 In 2019, a subsidiary of Redwood entered into a repurchase agreement providing non-marginable (i.e., not subject to margin calls based on the market value of the underlying collateral) recourse debt financing of certain Sequoia securities as well as securities retained from our consolidated Sequoia securitizations (Facility A in Table 16.1 above). The financing is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Redwood, and had an interest rate of approximately through September 2022, which increased to from October 2022 through September 2023, and will increase to from October 2023 through September 2024. The financing facility has a final maturity in September 2024. 
 In 2020, a subsidiary of Redwood entered into a repurchase agreement providing non-marginable recourse debt financing of certain securities retained from our consolidated CAFL securitizations (Facility B in Table 16.1 above). The financing is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Redwood, with an interest rate of approximately through February 2023, increasing to from March 2023 through February 2024, and to from March 2024 through February 2025. The financing facility may be terminated, at our option, beginning in February 2023, and has a final maturity in February 2025. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, a subsidiary of Redwood entered into a repurchase agreement providing non-marginable recourse debt financing of certain securities retained from our consolidated CAFL securitizations (Facility C in Table 16.1 above). The financing is guaranteed by Redwood, with an interest rate of approximately through June 2024, increasing to from July 2024 through June 2025, and to from July 2025 to June 2026. The financing facility may be terminated, at our option, beginning in June 2023, and has a final maturity in June 2026. 
 Non-Recourse Business Purpose Loan Financing Facilities 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a repurchase agreement providing non-marginable, non-recourse financing primarily for BPL bridge loans (Facility E in table 16.1 above). 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we amended facility D (see Table 16.1 above) to increase the borrowing limit from million to million. During the third quarter of 2022, we amended facility D to increase the borrowing limit from million to million. 
 
 F- 94 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 16. Long-Term Debt - (continued) 

million principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027. These notes require semi-annual interest payments at a fixed annual coupon rate of until maturity or conversion, which will be no later than June 15, 2027. After deducting the underwriting discount and offering costs, we received million of net proceeds. Including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, the effective interest expense yield on these notes was approximately per annum. We may elect to settle conversions either entirely in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of common stock. Upon conversion, the conversion value will be paid in cash up to at least the principal amount of the notes being converted. The initial conversion rate of the notes is 95.6823 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to a conversion price of per common share). 
 In September 2019, RWT Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Redwood Trust, Inc., issued million principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2025. After deducting the underwriting discount and offering costs, we received million of net proceeds. Including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, the weighted average interest expense yield on these exchangeable notes is approximately per annum. At December 31, 2022, these notes were exchangeable at the option of the holder at an exchange rate of 55.2644 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of exchangeable senior notes (equivalent to an exchange price of per common share). Upon exchange of these notes by a holder, the holder will receive shares of our common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we repurchased million par value of these notes at a discount and recorded a gain on extinguishment of million in Realized gains, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). During the second quarter of 2020, we repurchased million par value of these notes at a discount and recorded a gain on extinguishment of million in Realized gains, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 In June 2018, we issued million principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 at an issuance price of . These convertible notes require semi-annual interest payments at a fixed coupon rate of until maturity or conversion, which will be no later than July 15, 2024. After deducting the issuance discount, the underwriting discount and offering costs, we received million of net proceeds. Including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and the debt discount, the weighted average interest expense yield on these convertible notes is approximately per annum. These notes are convertible at the option of the holder at a conversion rate of 54.8317 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of convertible senior notes (equivalent to a conversion price of per common share). Upon conversion of these notes by a holder, the holder will receive shares of our common stock. During the second quarter of 2020, we repurchased million par value of these notes at a discount and recorded a gain on extinguishment of million in Realized gains, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 In August 2017, we issued million principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2023. After deducting the underwriting discount and offering costs, we received million of net proceeds. Including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, the weighted average interest expense yield on these convertible notes is approximately per annum. At December 31, 2022, these notes were convertible at the option of the holder at a conversion rate of 54.4764 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of convertible senior notes (equivalent to a conversion price of per common share). Upon conversion of these notes by a holder, the holder will receive shares of our common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we repurchased million of convertible debt and recorded a million dollar gain on extinguishment. During the second quarter of 2020, we repurchased million par value of these notes at a discount and recorded a gain on extinguishment of million in Realized gains, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). During the third quarter of 2022, million principal amount of convertible debt and million of unamortized deferred issuance costs were reclassified from long-term debt to short-term debt as the maturity of the notes was less than one year as of August 2022. 
 F- 95 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 16. Long-Term Debt - (continued) 

million and million, respectively. This debt requires quarterly interest payments at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus until the notes are redeemed. The million trust preferred securities will be redeemed no later than January 30, 2037, and the million subordinated notes will be redeemed no later than July 30, 2037. 
 Under the terms of this debt, we covenant, among other things, to use our best efforts to continue to qualify as a REIT. If an event of default were to occur in respect of this debt, we would generally be restricted under its terms (subject to certain exceptions) from making dividend distributions to stockholders, from repurchasing common stock or repurchasing or redeeming any other then-outstanding equity securities, and from making any other payments in respect of any equity interests in us or in respect of any then-outstanding debt that is pari passu or subordinate to this debt. 

Note 17. 
 non-cancelable operating leases with expiration dates through 2031 for million of cumulative lease payments. Our operating lease expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total Lease Commitments Less: Imputed interest ) Operating Lease Liabilities 
 Leasehold improvements for our offices are amortized into expense over the lease term. There were million of unamortized leasehold improvements at December 31, 2022. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized million of leasehold amortization expense. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not enter into any new office leases. During the third quarter of 2022, we assumed operating office leases as a result of our acquisition of Riverbend on July 1, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our operating lease liabilities were million, which were a component of Accrued expenses and other liabilities , and our operating lease right-of-use assets were million, which were a component of Other assets . 
 F- 96 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies - (continued) 

years and , respectively. 
 Commitment to Fund BPL Bridge Loans 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had commitments to fund up to million of additional advances on existing BPL bridge loans. These commitments are generally subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding the financial performance of the borrower and other terms regarding advances that must be met before we fund the commitment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we carried a million and million contingent liability, respectively, related to these commitments to fund construction advances. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net market valuation loss of million and a net market valuation gain of million, respectively, related to this liability through Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Commitment to Fund Partnerships 
 In 2018, we invested in partnerships created to acquire and manage certain mortgage servicing related assets. See Note 11 for additional detail on these investments. In connection with these investments, we are required to fund future net servicer advances related to the underlying mortgage loans. The actual amount of net servicer advances we may fund in the future is subject to significant uncertainty and will be based on the credit and prepayment performance of the underlying loans. 
 Commitment to Acquire HEIs 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding flow purchase agreements with multiple third parties, with aggregate purchase commitments of million outstanding. These purchase agreements specify monthly minimum and maximum amounts of HEIs subject to such purchase commitments. As of December 31, 2022, we had the option to terminate certain HEI purchase commitments upon 90 days prior notice and reduce our HEI purchase commitments. Se e Note 10 for additional detail on these investments. 
 Commitments to Fund Strategic Investments 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we entered into a million commitment to an investment fund with the mission of providing quality workforce hou sing opportunities in several California urban communities, including the San Francisco Bay Area. At December 31, 2022, we had funded million of this commitment. This investment is included in Other investments on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 In 2021, we entered into a commitment to fund a million RWT Horizons investment. At December 31, 2022, we had funded million of this commitment. This investment is included in Other investments on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Riverbend Contingent Consideration 
 As part of the consideration for our acquisition of Riverbend, we may make earnout payments payable in cash, based on generating specified revenues over a threshold amount during the period ending July 1, 2024, up to a maximum potential amount payable of million. These contingent earnout payments are classified as a contingent consideration liability on our consolidated balance sheets and carried at fair value. At December 31, 2022, our estimated fair value of this contingent liability was . 
 F- 97 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies - (continued) 

billion, subject to our risk-sharing arrangements with the Agencies. At December 31, 2022, the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these arrangements was million and this amount was partially collateralized by assets we transferred to pledged accounts and is presented as pledged collateral in Other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We have no recourse to any third parties that would allow us to recover any amounts related to our obligations under the arrangements. At December 31, 2022, we had incurred less than thousand of cumulative losses under these arrangements. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, other income related to these arrangements was million, million and million, respectively, and was included in Other income on our consolidated statements of income (loss). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded net market valuation losses related to these arrangements of million, million, and million, respectively, through Investment fair value changes, net, on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 All of the loans in the reference pools subject to these risk-sharing arrangements were originated in 2014 and 2015, and at December 31, 2022, the loans had an unpaid principal balance of million, a weighted average FICO score of (at origination) and LTV ratio of (at origination). At December 31, 2022, million of the loans were 90 or more days delinquent, of which of these loans with an unpaid principal balance of million were in foreclosure. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our guarantee obligation was million and included million designated as a non-amortizing credit reserve, which we believe is sufficient to cover current expected losses under these obligations. 
 Our consolidated balance sheets include assets of special purpose entities ("SPEs") associated with these risk-sharing arrangements (i.e., the "pledged collateral" referred to above) that can only be used to settle obligations of these SPEs for which the creditors of these SPEs (the Agencies) do not have recourse to us. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets of such SPEs totaled million and million, respectively, and liabilities of such SPEs totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Loss Contingencies Repurchase Reserves 
 We maintain a repurchase reserve for potential obligations arising from representation and warranty violations related to residential and business purpose loans we have sold to securitization trusts or third parties and for conforming residential loans associated with MSRs that we have purchased from third parties. We do not originate residential loans and we believe the initial risk of loss due to loan repurchases (i.e., due to a breach of representations and warranties) would generally be a contingency to the companies from whom we acquired the loans. However, in some cases, for example, where loans were acquired from companies that have since become insolvent, repurchase claims may result in our being liable for a repurchase obligation. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our repurchase reserve associated with our residential loans and MSRs was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We received and repurchase requests during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we repurchased loan, loans, and loan, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded a net reversal of repurchase provision of million, a repurchase provision expense of million, and a repurchase provision expense of million, respectively, that were recorded in Mortgage banking activities, net and Other income on our consolidated statements of income (loss) and had charge-offs of thousand, million, and million, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our repurchase reserve associated with our business purpose loans was million and , respectively. We received and repurchase requests for business purpose loans during the years ended December, 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not repurchase any business purpose loans. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we a recorded repurchase provision expense of million and , respectively, that were recorded in Mortgage banking activities, net on our consolidated statements of income (loss) and had no charge-offs in either year. 
 F- 98 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies - (continued) 

million. 
 From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, we may submit or receive demand letters to or from counterparties relating to breaches of representations and warranties, be named in lawsuits brought by mortgage borrowers relating to foreclosure proceedings initiated by the servicers of the related mortgage loans or seeking to establish that their mortgage notes and/or mortgages are unenforceable as a matter of law due to defects in the transfer and assignment of those notes and mortgages, or be named in lawsuits brought by mortgage borrowers seeking remedies against the originator of the mortgage for fraud or defects in the originator's origination process, including defects in the disclosure of mortgage terms at the time of origination (in these cases we may be named in connection with the origination of the loan, in the case of business purpose loans we originate, or on a theory of assignee liability in the case of residential loans we acquire). Additionally, following our acquisitions of the 5 Arches, CoreVest, and Riverbend business purpose loan origination platforms, there are litigation matters that relate to these platforms that represent a level of litigation activity that we believe is generally consistent with the ordinary course of business of a loan originator, which had not been associated with Redwood historically. 
 In accordance with GAAP, we review the need for any loss contingency reserves and establish reserves when, in the opinion of management, it is probable that a matter would result in a liability and the amount of loss, if any, can be reasonably estimated. Additionally, we record receivables for insurance recoveries relating to litigation-related losses and expenses if and when such amounts are covered by insurance and recovery of such losses or expenses are due. We review our litigation matters each quarter to assess these loss contingency reserves and make adjustments in these reserves, upwards or downwards, as appropriate, in accordance with GAAP based on our review. 
 In the ordinary course of any litigation matter, including certain of the above-referenced matters, we have engaged and may continue to engage in formal or informal settlement communications with the plaintiffs or co-defendants. Settlement communications we have engaged in relating to certain of the above-referenced litigation matters are one of the factors that have resulted in our determination to establish the loss contingency reserves described above. We cannot be certain that any of these matters will be resolved through a settlement prior to litigation and we cannot be certain that the resolution of these matters, whether through trial, settlement, or otherwise, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future period. 
 Future developments (including resolution of substantive pre-trial motions relating to these matters, receipt of additional information and documents relating to these matters (such as through pre-trial discovery), new or additional settlement communications with plaintiffs relating to these matters, or resolutions of similar claims against other defendants in these matters) could result in our concluding in the future to establish additional loss contingency reserves or to disclose an estimate of reasonably possible losses in excess of our established reserves with respect to these matters. Our actual losses with respect to the above referenced litigation matters may be materially higher than the aggregate amount of loss contingency reserves we have established in respect of these litigation matters, including in the event that any of these matters proceeds to trial and the plaintiff prevails. Other factors that could result in our concluding to establish additional loss contingency reserves or estimate additional reasonably possible losses, or could result in our actual losses with respect to the above-referenced litigation matters being materially higher than the aggregate amount of loss contingency reserves we have established in respect of these litigation matters include that: there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved; information obtained or rulings made during the lawsuits could affect the methodology for calculation of the available remedies; and we may have additional obligations pursuant to indemnity agreements, representations and warranties, and other contractual provisions with other parties relating to these litigation matters that could increase our potential losses. 
 F- 99 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 18. 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from other accumulated comprehensive (loss) income ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at End of Period ) ) 
 ) Gain on sales and calls of AFS securities Realized gains, net ) ) ) Net Realized Loss on Interest Rate Agreements Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Amortization of deferred loss Interest expense 
 F- 100 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 18. Equity - (continued) 

million common shares for net proceeds of million under this program. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, we issued million and million of common shares for net proceeds of million and million under this program, respectively. During the first quarter of 2022, we increased the capacity of this program to million, all of which remained outstanding for future offerings under this program as of December 31, 2022. 
 Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did issue shares of common stock through our Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued million shares of common stock for net proceeds of million through our Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan. At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares remained outstanding for future offerings under this plan. 
 Earnings per Common Share) ) Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net (loss) income allocated to common shareholders ) ) Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Basic (Loss) Earnings per Common Share ) ) Diluted Earnings per Common Share: Net (loss) income attributable to Redwood ) ) Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Add back: interest expense of convertible notes for the period, net of tax Net (loss) income allocated to common shareholders ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Net effect of dilutive equity awards Net effect of assumed convertible notes conversion to common shares Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted (Loss) Earnings per Common Share ) ) 
 We included participating securities, which are certain equity awards that have non-forfeitable dividend participation rights, in the calculations of basic and diluted earnings per common share as we determined that the two-class method was more dilutive than the alternative treasury stock method for these shares. Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities under the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations require specific shares to be included that may differ in certain circumstances. 
 
 F- 101 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 18. Equity - (continued) 

and of common shares related to the assumed conversion of our convertible notes were antidilutive and were excluded in the calculation of diluted earnings per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the number of outstanding equity awards that were antidilutive totaled , , and , respectively. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors approved an authorization for the repurchase of up to million of our common stock, and also authorized the repurchase of outstanding debt securities, including convertible and exchangeable debt. This authorization replaced our previous million stock repurchase authorization. This authorization has no expiration date and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased million shares of our common stock for a total cost of million. At December 31, 2022, million of the current authorization remained available for the repurchase of shares of our common stock and we also continued to be authorized to repurchase outstanding debt securities. See Note 14. Short-Term Debt and Note 16. Long-Term Debt for information regarding our convertible and exchangeable debt repurchases in 2022. 
 
 Note 19. 
 and shares of common stock, respectively, were available for grant under our Incentive Plan. The unamortized compensation cost of awards issued under the Incentive Plan which are settled by delivery of shares of common stock and purchases under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan totaled million at December 31, 2022, as shown in the following table. 
 Equity grants Performance-based valuation adjustment ) ) Equity grant forfeitures ) ) ) ) Equity compensation expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrecognized Compensation Cost at End of Period 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the weighted average amortization period remaining for all of our equity awards was less than . 
 F- 102 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans - (continued) 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at End of Period 
 The expenses recorded for RSAs were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were no restricted stock awards outstanding or any remaining unrecognized compensation costs related to these awards. 
 Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding at End of Period 
 The expenses recorded for RSUs were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This cost will be recognized over a weighted average period of less than year. Restrictions on shares of RSUs outstanding lapse through 2026. 
 F- 103 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans - (continued) 

 Granted Distributions ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) ) Balance at End of Period 
 We generally grant DSUs annually, as part of our compensation process. In addition, DSUs are granted from time to time in connection with hiring and promotions and in lieu of the payment in cash of a portion of annual bonus earned. DSUs generally vest over the course of a vesting period, and are distributed after the end of the final vesting period or after an employee is terminated. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the number of outstanding DSUs that were unvested was and , respectively, and the weighted average grant-date fair value of these unvested DSUs was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unvested DSUs at December 31, 2022 will vest through 2026. 
 Expenses related to DSUs were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested DSUs. This cost will be recognized over a weighted average period of less than years. 
 Performance Stock Units PSUs 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the target number of PSUs that were unvested was and , respectively. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, , , and target number of PSUs were granted, respectively, with per unit grant date fair values of , , and , respectively. The end of the vesting period for target PSU awards that were granted in 2019 was January 1, 2023 and failure to reach a threshold level under their performance-based vesting criteria resulted in the vesting of no shares of our common stock underlying these PSUs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were PSUs forfeited due to employee departures. During the year ended December 31, 2020, PSUs were forfeited due to employee departures. 
 With respect to , , and target number of PSUs granted in December 2022, December 2021, and December 2020, respectively, and outstanding at December 31, 2022, the number of underlying shares of common stock that vest and that the recipient becomes entitled to receive at the time of vesting will generally range from to of the target number of PSUs granted, with the target number of PSUs granted being adjusted to reflect the value of any dividends declared on our common stock during the vesting period. Vesting of these PSUs will generally occur as of January 1, 2026 for the December 2022 awards, January 1, 2025 for the December 2021 awards, and January 1, 2024 for the December 2020 awards. Vesting criteria for these awards are based on a three-step process as described below. 
 F- 104 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans - (continued) 

 - of two-thirds of the Target PSUs granted based on the level of book value total shareholder return ("bvTSR") attained over the vesting period, with of this two-thirds of the Target PSUs vesting if bvTSR is . bvTSR is defined as the percentage by which our book value "per share price" has increased or decreased as of the last day of the vesting period relative to the first day of such vesting period, adjusted to reflect the reinvestment of all dividends declared and/or paid on our common stock. 
 Second, vesting would range from - of one-third of the Target PSUs granted based on Redwood s relative total shareholder return rTSR against a comparator group of companies measured over the vesting period, with of this one-third of the Target PSUs vesting if rTSR corresponds to 55th percentile rTSR. 
 Third, if the aggregate vesting level after steps one and two is greater than of the Target PSUs, but the Company's absolute total shareholder return ("TSR") is negative over the performance period, vesting would be capped at of Target PSUs. TSR is defined as the percentage by which our common stock per share price has increased or decreased as of the last day of the vesting period relative to the first day of such vesting period, adjusted to reflect the reinvestment of all dividends declared and/or paid on our common stock. 
 With respect to the December 2021 and 2020 PSU awards: 
 First, Target PSUs are divided into three equal tranches. Baseline vesting for each tranche would range from - of the Target PSUs in such tranche based on the level of the Company's bvTSR attained over a corresponding calendar year measurement period within the vesting period, with of the Target PSUs in each tranche vesting if one-year bvTSR for such tranche is . 
 Second, at the end of the vesting period, the aggregate vesting level of the three tranches, or total baseline vesting, would then be adjusted to increase or decrease by up to percentage points based on the Company's rTSR against a comparator group of companies measured over the vesting period, with median rTSR performance correlating to no adjustment from the total baseline level of vesting. 
 Third, if the aggregate vesting level after steps one and two is greater than of the Target PSUs, but the Company's absolute TSR is negative over the performance period, vesting would be capped at of Target PSUs. 
 With respect to the December 2019 PSU awards: 
 
 First, baseline vesting would range from - of the target number of PSUs granted based on the level of bvTSR attained over the vesting period, with of the target number of PSUs vesting if bvTSR is . 
 
 Second, the vesting level would then be adjusted to increase or decrease by up to an additional percentage points based on Redwood s rTSR against a comparator group of companies measured over the vesting period, with median rTSR performance correlating to no adjustment from the baseline level of vesting. 
 
 Third, if the vesting level after steps one and two is greater than of the target number of PSUs, but absolute TSR is negative over the performance period, vesting would be capped at of target number of PSUs. 
 The grant date fair value of the December 2022 PSUs of per unit was determined through Monte-Carlo simulations using the following assumptions: the common stock closing price at the grant date for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, the average closing price of the common stock price for the trading days beginning January 1, 2023 for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, and the range of performance-based vesting based on absolute TSR over from the grant date. For the 2022 PSU grant, an implied volatility assumption of (based on historical volatility), a risk-free rate of (the Treasury rate on the grant date), and a dividend yield (the mathematical equivalent to reinvesting the dividends over the performance period as is consistent with the terms of the PSUs) were used. 
 F- 105 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans - (continued) 

 per unit was determined through Monte-Carlo simulations using the following assumptions: the common stock closing price at the grant date for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, the average closing price of the common stock price for the trading days beginning January 1, 2022 for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, and the range of performance-based vesting based on absolute TSR over from the grant date. For the 2021 PSU grant, an implied volatility assumption of (based on historical volatility), a risk-free rate of (the Treasury rate on the grant date), and a dividend yield (the mathematical equivalent to reinvesting the dividends over the performance period as is consistent with the terms of the PSUs) were used. 
 The grant date fair value of the December 2020 PSUs of per unit was determined through Monte-Carlo simulations using the following assumptions: the common stock closing price at the grant date for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, the average closing price of the common stock price for the trading days beginning January 1, 2021 for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, and the range of performance-based vesting based on absolute TSR over from the grant date. For the 2020 PSU grant, an implied volatility assumption of (based on historical volatility), a risk-free rate of (the Treasury rate on the grant date), and a dividend yield (the mathematical equivalent to reinvesting the dividends over the performance period as is consistent with the terms of the PSUs) were used. 
 The grant date fair value of the December 2019 PSUs of per unit was determined through Monte-Carlo simulations using the following assumptions: the common stock closing price at the grant date for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, the average closing price of the common stock price for the trading days prior to the grant date for Redwood and each member of the comparator group, and the range of performance-based vesting based on Absolute TSR over from the grant date. For the 2019 PSU grant, an implied volatility assumption of (based on historical volatility), a risk-free rate of (the Treasury rate on the grant date), and a dividend yield (the mathematical equivalent to reinvesting the dividends over the performance period as is consistent with the terms of the PSUs) were used. 
 Expenses related to PSUs were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs. 
 During 2022, for PSUs granted in 2021 and 2020, we adjusted the cumulative expected amortization expense down by million to reflect our revised vesting estimate that none of the shares would vest in relation to the bvTSR performance condition for the initial one-year vesting tranche of the 2021 PSU grant and the second-year vesting tranche of the 2020 PSU grant. During 2021, for PSUs granted in 2020, we adjusted the cumulative expected amortization expense up by million to reflect our revised vesting estimate that of the target shares would vest in relation to the bvTSR performance condition for the initial one-year vesting tranche. During 2020, for PSUs granted in 2018 and 2019, we adjusted our vesting estimate down to assume that none of these awards would meet the minimum performance thresholds for vesting, resulting in a reversal of million of stock-based compensation expense that had been recorded prior to 2020. 
 
 F- 106 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 19. Equity Compensation Plans - (continued) 

 shares of common stock to be purchased in aggregate for all employees. As of December 31, 2022, shares had been purchased, and there remained a negligible amount of uninvested employee contributions in the ESPP at December 31, 2022. 
 Employee purchases Cost of common stock issued ) ) ) Balance at End of Period 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 New deferrals Accrued interest Withdrawals ) ) ) Balance at End of Period 
 In 2022, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the EDCP to increase by shares the shares available to allow non-employee directors to defer certain cash payments and dividends into DSUs. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under this plan. 
 F- 107 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 20.) Trading securities (2) 
 ) ) Risk management derivatives (3) 
 ) Other income (expense), net (4) 
 ) Total residential mortgage banking activities, net ) Business Purpose Mortgage Banking Activities, Net: Changes in fair value of: BPL term loans, at fair value (1) 
 ) BPL bridge loans, at fair value ) Risk management derivatives (3) 
 ) Other income, net (5) 
 Total business purpose mortgage banking activities, net Mortgage Banking Activities, Net ) 
 (1) For residential loans, includes changes in fair value for associated loan purchase commitments. For business purpose loans, includes changes in fair value for associated interest rate lock commitments. 
 (2) Represents fair value changes on trading securities that are being used along as hedges to manage the mark-to-market risks associated with our residential mortgage banking operations. 
 (3) Represents market valuation changes of derivatives that were used to manage risks associated with our mortgage banking operations. 
 (4) Amounts in this line item include other fee income from loan acquisitions, and provisions for repurchases, presented net. 
 (5) Amounts in this line item include other fee income from loan originations. 
 
 F- 108 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 21. 
 ) Risk share income FHLBC capital stock dividend Bridge Loan Fees BPL loan administration fee income Other, net ) Other Income, Net 
 . 
 F- 109 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 22. 
 Annual variable compensation expense Long-term incentive award expense (2) 
 Acquisition-related equity compensation expense (3) 
 Systems and consulting Office costs Accounting and legal Corporate costs Other Total General and Administrative Expenses Portfolio Management Costs Loan Acquisition Costs Commissions Underwriting costs Transfer and holding costs Total Loan Acquisition Costs Other Expenses Goodwill impairment expense Amortization of purchase-related intangible assets Other Total Other Expenses Total Operating Expenses 
 (1) Includes million of severance and transition-related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-term incentive award expense includes million and million, respectively, of expense for awards settleable in shares of our common stock and million and million, respectively, of expense for awards settleable in cash. 
 (3) Acquisition-related equity compensation expense relates to shares of restricted stock that were issued to members of CoreVest management as a component of the consideration paid to them for our purchase of their interests in CoreVest in 2019. 
 F- 110 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 22. Operating Expenses - (continued) 

 million of employee severance and related transition expenses, which were incurred almost entirely at our Business Purpose Mortgage Banking segment. 
 Cash-Settled Deferred Stock Units 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million of cash-settled deferred stock units, respectively, were granted to certain executive officers and non-executive employees that will vest over the next through 2026. These awards will be fully vested and payable in cash with a vested award value based on the closing market price of our common stock on their respective final vesting dates. These awards are classified as liabilities in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, and are being amortized over their respective vesting periods on a straight-line basis, adjusted for changes in the value of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized an expense of million, million and million, respectively, for cash-settled deferred stock units in "Long-term incentive award expense," as presented in Table 22.1 above. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the unamortized compensation cost of cash-settled deferred stock units was million and million, respectively. The compensation costs associated with these awards are adjusted for changes in the value of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. 
 Long-Term Cash-Based Awards 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, million, million and million of long-term cash-based retention awards were granted to certain executive and non-executive employees, respectively, that will vest and be paid over one to periods, subject to continued employment through the vesting periods through 2023 and 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of cash-based retention awards that were granted during 2020 and 2022 were forfeited due to employee terminations. Additionally, during 2020, Cash Performance Awards with an aggregate granted award value of million, were granted to certain executive and non-executive employees that will vest between to of granted award value based on a relative total stockholder return measure, and are contingent on continued employment over a service period. 
 The value of long-term cash-based awards is being amortized into expense on a straight-line basis over each award's respective vesting period. The Cash Performance Awards are amortized on a straight-line basis over ; however, they are remeasured at fair value each quarter-end and the cumulative straight-line expense is trued-up in respect to their updated value. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, General and administrative expenses included million, million and million of aggregate expense, respectively, related to long-term cash-based awards and the Cash Performance awards. 
 
 F- 111 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 23. 
 Net capital loss carryforward state Net operating loss carryforward federal Real estate assets Allowances and accruals Goodwill and intangible assets Other Tax effect of unrealized (gains) / losses - OCI ) Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities Mortgage Servicing Rights ) ) Interest rate agreements ) ) Total Deferred Tax Liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Total Net Deferred Tax Asset, net of Valuation Allowance 
 The deferred tax assets and liabilities reported above, with the exception of the state net operating loss ("NOL") and capital loss carryforwards, relate solely to our TRS. For state purposes, the REIT files a unitary combined return with its TRS. Because the REIT may have state taxable income apportioned to it from the activity of its TRS, we report the entire combined unitary state NOL and capital loss carryforwards as deferred tax assets, including the carryforwards allocated to the REIT. 
 Realization of our deferred tax assets ("DTAs") at December 31, 2022, is dependent on many factors, including generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of NOL carryforwards (where applicable) and generating sufficient capital gains in future periods prior to the expiration of capital loss carryforwards. We determine the extent to which realization of the deferred assets is not assured and establish a valuation allowance accordingly. As we experienced full-year 2022 GAAP losses at our TRS, we closely analyzed our estimate of the realizability of our net deferred tax assets in whole and in part. The Company evaluates its deferred tax assets each period to determine if a valuation allowance is required based on whether it is "more likely than not" that some portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. This evaluation requires significant judgment and changes to our assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance. The ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income during future periods. The Company conducts its evaluation by considering, among other things, all available positive and negative evidence, historical operating results and cumulative earnings analysis, forecasts of future profitability, and the duration of statutory carryforward periods. Based on this analysis, we continue to believe it is more likely than not that we will realize our federal deferred tax assets in future periods as income is earned at our TRS; therefore, there continues to be no material valuation allowance recorded against our net federal DTAs. Consistent with prior periods, we continued to maintain a valuation allowance against the majority of our net state DTAs as we remained uncertain about our ability to generate sufficient income in future periods needed to utilize net state DTAs beyond the reversal of our state DTLs. The net increase in the total valuation allowance was million in 2022. 
 F- 112 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 23. Taxes (continued) 

million as a discrete benefit in the third quarter of 2021. In addition to the federal valuation allowance release, we determined it was more likely than not that we would realize a portion of our state DTAs and, as such, reversed million of state valuation allowance as a discrete item in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Our estimate of net deferred tax assets could change in future periods to the extent that actual or revised estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward periods change from current expectations. We assessed our tax positions for all open tax years (i.e., Federal, 2019 to 2022, and State, 2018 to 2022) and, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, concluded that we had no uncertain tax positions that resulted in material unrecognized tax benefits. 
 At December 31, 2022, our federal NOL carryforward at the REIT was million, of which million will expire in 2029 and million will carry forward indefinitely. In order to utilize NOLs at the REIT, taxable income must exceed dividend distributions. At December 31, 2022, our taxable REIT subsidiaries had million of federal NOLs which will carry forward indefinitely. Redwood and its taxable REIT subsidiaries accumulated an estimated state NOL of billion at December 31, 2022. These NOLs expire beginning in 2031. If certain substantial changes in the Company s ownership occur, there could be an annual limitation on the amount of the carryforwards that can be utilized. 
 State ) Total Current Provision for Income Taxes Deferred (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Total Deferred (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes ) ) ) Total (Benefit From) Provision for Income Taxes ) ) 
 F- 113 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 23. Taxes (continued) 

State taxes, net of federal tax effect, as applicable Differences in taxable income from GAAP income ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) REIT GAAP income or loss not subject to federal income tax ) ) ) Effective Tax Rate 
 
 F- 114 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 24. 
 segments: Residential Mortgage Banking, Business Purpose Mortgage Banking and Investment Portfolio. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. For a full description of our segments, see Item 1 Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Segment contribution represents the measure of profit that management uses to assess the performance of our business segments and make resource allocation and operating decisions. Certain corporate expenses not directly assigned or allocated to one of our segments, as well as activity from certain consolidated Sequoia entities, are included in the Corporate/Other column as reconciling items to our consolidated financial statements. These unallocated corporate expenses primarily include interest expense for our convertible notes and trust preferred securities (and in 2022 and 2020, realized gains from the repurchase of convertible notes), indirect general and administrative expenses and other expense. 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income ) Non-interest (loss) income Mortgage banking activities, net ) ) Investment fair value changes, net ) ) Other income, net ) Realized gains, net Total non-interest (loss) income, net ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) ) Portfolio management costs ) ) Loan acquisition costs ) ) ) Other expenses ) ) ) Benefit from (Provision for) income taxes ) Segment Contribution ) ) ) ) Net (loss) ) Non-cash amortization (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) 

F- 115 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 24. Segment Information (continued) 

Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income ) Non-interest income (loss) Mortgage banking activities, net Investment fair value changes, net ) Other income, net Realized gains, net Total non-interest income (loss), net ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) ) Portfolio management costs ) ) Loan acquisition costs ) ) ) ) ) Other expenses ) ) ) (Provision for) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Segment Contribution ) Net Income Non-cash amortization (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) ) 
 F- 116 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 24. Segment Information (continued) 

Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income ) Non-interest income Mortgage banking activities, net Investment fair value changes, net ) ) ) ) Other income, net ) Realized gains, net Total non-interest income (loss), net ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) ) Portfolio management costs ) ) ) Loan acquisition costs ) ) ) ) Other expense ) ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Segment Contribution ) ) ) ) Net (loss) ) Non-cash amortization income (expense), net ) ) ) ) ) Other significant non-cash expense: goodwill impairment ) ) 
 F- 117 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 24. Segment Information (continued) 

Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-interest income Investment fair value changes, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income, net ) ) Realized gains, net Total non-interest (loss) income, net ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Portfolio management costs Loan acquisition costs ) ) ) ) Other expenses ) ) Benefit from income taxes Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Legacy consolidated VIEs represent Legacy Sequoia entities that are consolidated for GAAP financial reporting purposes. See Note 4 for further discussion on VIEs. 
 F- 118 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 24. Segment Information (continued) 

Business purpose loans Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Real estate securities Home equity investments Other investments Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets December 31, 2021 Residential loans Business purpose loans Consolidated Agency multifamily loans Real estate securities Home equity investments Other investments Intangible assets Total assets 
 F- 119 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Note 25. 
 shares of Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock") for gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of approximately million after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated expenses. The Series A Preferred Stock will pay quarterly cumulative cash dividends beginning April 15, 2023 to January 15, 2028 at a fixed annual rate of , based on the stated liquidation preference of per share, in arrears, when authorized by Redwood's board of directors and declared by the Company. Starting April 15, 2028, the annual dividend rate will reset to the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate plus a spread of . The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to Redwood's common stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 
 F- 120 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE 
 December 31, 2022 

to 2022-06 - 2036-03 Hybrid ARM loans to 2033-07 - 2034-03 At Sequoia (1) : 
 Hybrid ARM loans to 2044-04 - 2049-08 Fixed loans to 2029-04 - 2052-01 At Freddie Mac SLST (2) : 
 Fixed loans to 2022-12 - 2062-11 Total Residential Loans Held-for-Investment Residential Loans Held-for-Sale (3) : 
 Hybrid ARM loans to 2032-11 - 2052-12 Fixed loans to 2026-04 - 2053-01 Total Residential Loans Held-for-Sale 
 BPL Term Loans Held-for-Sale (3) : 
 Fixed loans to 2021-08 - 2052-07 Total BPL Term Loans Held-for-Sale BPL Term Loans Held-for-Investment: At CAFL (1) : 
 Fixed loans to 2022-06 - 2032-08 Total BPL Term Loans Held-for-Investment BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood (4) : 
 Fixed loans to 2020-05 - 2024-06 Floating ARM loans to 2021-10 - 2025-09 Total BPL Bridge Loans at Redwood BPL Bridge Loans Held-for-Investment at CAFL (4) : 
 Fixed loans to 2022-05 - 2024-03 Floating ARM loans to 2021-10 - 2025-03 Total BPL Bridge Loans Held-for-Investment at CAFL Consolidated Agency multifamily Loans Held-for-Investment (2) : 
 At Freddie Mac K-Series: Fixed loans to 2025-09 - 2025-09 Total Consolidated Agency Multifamily Loans Held-for-Investment 
 (1) For our held-for-investment loans at consolidated Legacy Sequoia, Sequoia, and CAFL entities, the aggregate tax basis for Federal income tax purposes at December 31, 2022 was , as the transfers of these loans into securitizations were treated as sales for tax purposes. 
 (2) Our held-for-investment loans at Freddie Mac SLST and Freddie Mac K-Series entities were consolidated for GAAP purposes. For tax purposes, we acquired real estate securities issued by these entities and therefore, the tax basis in these loans was at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The aggregate tax basis for Federal income tax purposes of our mortgage loans held at Redwood approximates the carrying values, as disclosed in the schedule. 
 (4) For our BPL bridge loans, the aggregate tax basis for Federal income tax purposes at December 31, 2022 was billion. 
 F- 121 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTE TO SCHEDULE IV - RECONCILIATION OF MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE 
 December 31, 2022 

Additions during period: Originations/acquisitions Deductions during period: Sales ) ) ) Principal repayments ) ) ) Transfers to REO ) ) ) Deconsolidation adjustments ) Changes in fair value, net ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 F- 122 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 rwtex324q22.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 3.2 

 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 (As adopted November 2, 2022) 
 
 Article I OFFICES 
 Section 1. Principal Office . The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 Section 2. Additional Offices . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 Article II MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1. Place . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine that a meeting not be held at any place, but instead may be held partially or solely by means of remote communication. In accordance with these Bylaws and subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, stockholders and proxy holders may participate in any meeting of stockholders held by means of remote communication and may vote at such meeting as permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 2. Annual Meeting . An annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on a date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. Special Meetings. 
 (a) General . The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, a majority of the Board of Directors or a majority of the Independent Directors (as defined in Section 2 of Article III hereof) may call a special meeting of the stockholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 (b) Stockholder Requested Special Meetings . (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agent(s) duly 
 56804439-v3 

authorized in a writing accompanying such Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary. 
 (1) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority (the Special Meeting Percentage of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request (i) shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), (ii) shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (iii) shall set forth (A) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned by each such stockholder, and (C) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned by such stockholder beneficially but not of record, (iv) shall be sent to the Secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (v) shall be received by the Secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request) may revoke such stockholder s request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary. 
 (2) The Secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing of any notice of the meeting. 
 (3) Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Board of Directors or the Independent Directors, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however, that the date of any Stockholder Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m. local time on the 90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors 
 56804439-v3 2 

fails to designate a place for a Stockholder Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Board of Directors or the Independent Directors may consider such factors as such person(s) deem relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
 (4) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Secretary s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (5) The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Board of Directors or the Independent Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes that would be entitled to be cast at such meeting. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 (6) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 Section 4. Notice . Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the Secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, the purpose for which the meeting is called, either 
 56804439-v3 3 

by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business, by electronic transmission (except to any stockholder who has requested notice not be sent by electronic transmission) or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II, or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. A single notice shall be effective as to all stockholders who share an address, except to the extent that a stockholder at such address objects to such single notice. 
 Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by applicable law to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. 
 Section 5. Organization and Conduct . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chair of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment, by the Chair of the Board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chair of the Board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Vice Presidents in their order of rank and seniority, or, in the absence of such officers, a chair chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The Secretary, or, in the Secretary s absence, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of both the Secretary and Assistant Secretaries, a person appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such appointment, a person appointed by the chair of the meeting, shall act as Secretary. 
 In the event that the Secretary presides at a meeting of the stockholders, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting. The chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of such chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (d) limiting the time allotted for questions or comments by participants (e) determining when the polls should be opened and closed (f) maintaining order and security at the meeting (g) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting (h) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting (whether or not a quorum is present) to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting and (i) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chair 
 56804439-v3 4 

of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 6. Quorum . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum but this section shall not affect any requirement under applicable law or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the adoption of any measure. If, however, such quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the stockholders, as provided in Section 5 of this Article II, the chair of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. The date, time and place of the meeting, as reconvened, shall be either (a) announced at the meeting or (b) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 
 At a meeting which has been duly called and convened, the stockholders present either in person or by proxy may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 7. Voting . A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by applicable law or by the Charter provided , however , that directors shall be elected in the manner set forth in the following paragraphs (a) through (e) 
 (a) Each nominee for election as a director by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to such nominee at a meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present (an Election Meeting provided , however , that if the Board of Directors determines that the number of nominees for election as a director exceeds the number of directors to be elected at an Election Meeting (a Contested Election ), whether or not the election ceases to be a Contested Election after such determination, each nominee for election as a director at such Election Meeting shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at such Election Meeting. 
 (b) For purposes of this Section 7, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a nominee for election as a director exceeds the number of votes cast against that nominee (with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as votes cast either for or against such director s election). 
 (c) In an election other than a Contested Election, stockholders will be given the choice to cast votes for or against the election of each nominee or to abstain from such vote. In a Contested Election, stockholders will be given the choice to cast votes for the election of each nominee or to withhold votes with respect to each nominee. 
 (d) In the event an Election Meeting involves the election of directors by separate votes by class or classes or series, the determination as to whether an election constitutes a Contested Election shall be made on a class by class or series by series basis, as applicable. 
 (e) The Board of Directors has established procedures under which any incumbent director who is nominated for election but not elected shall tender such director s resignation to the Board of Directors. 
 56804439-v3 5 

Unless otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Charter, each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. There shall be no cumulative voting. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 Section 8. Proxies . A stockholder may cast the votes entitled to be cast by the holder of the shares of stock owned of record by the stockholder in person or by proxy that is (a) executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law, (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Corporation. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 9. Voting of Stock by Certain Holders . Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, a general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any director or other fiduciary may vote stock registered in such director s or other fiduciary s name in their capacity as such fiduciary, either in person or by proxy. 
 Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification the purpose for which the certification may be made the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date or closing of the stock transfer books, the time after the record date or closing of the stock transfer books within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable. On receipt of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the stockholder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 Section 10. Inspectors . The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor thereto. The inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and 
 56804439-v3 6 

determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 Section 11. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominees for Director and Other Stockholder Proposals . 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
 
 (1) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information and certifications required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150 th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the later of the 120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (2) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 
 (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business (including the text of any proposal), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in 
 56804439-v3 7 

such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act 
 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (A) the name, age, business address and residential address of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 
 
 (C) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (D) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of (x) Company Securities or (y) any security of any entity that was a component company of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. Mortgage REIT index (a NAREIT Company for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any NAREIT Company) disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities (or, as applicable, in any NAREIT Company) 
 
 (E) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series 
 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 
 56804439-v3 8 

(A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
 
 (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person 
 
 (v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal and 
 
 (vi) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business. 
 
 (vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, a representation that such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of Proposed Nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act and 
 
 (viii) all other information regarding the stockholder giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a 
 (i) written undertaking executed by the Proposed Nominee 
 
 (A) that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (II) will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected and will notify the Corporation simultaneously with the notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominee s actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (III) does not need any permission or consent from any third party to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained, including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves 
 
 (B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents and 
 
 (C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the stockholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case 
 56804439-v3 9 

pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded) and 
 
 (ii) certificate executed by the stockholder certifying that such stockholder will 
 
 (A) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such stockholder s solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee 
 
 (B) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting 
 
 (C) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may request for the purpose of determining whether the requirements of this Section 11 have been complied with and of evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholder s notice and 
 
 (D) appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate any Proposed Nominees to bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, and acknowledges that if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate such Proposed Nominees or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any such Proposed Nominee or of any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 
 
 (4) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (5) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder or another Stockholder Associated Person or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in the solicitation, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting and, except as contemplated by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), no stockholder may nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors or make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special 
 56804439-v3 10 

meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or, provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information and certifications required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time , on the later of the 120 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (c) General . (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or certification may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the Secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, update or certification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceed the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must 
 56804439-v3 11 

provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) timely provide sufficient evidence in the determination of the Board of Directors sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence. Upon request by the Corporation, if any Soliciting Stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or is not required to provide notice because the information required by Rule 14a-19(b) has been provided in a preliminary or definitive proxy statement previously filed by such Soliciting Stockholder), such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, sufficient evidence in the judgment of the Board of Directors that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (6) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided 
 56804439-v3 12 

for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 
 Article III DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. General Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. All the powers of the Corporation are vested in and shall be exercised by or under the authority of the Board of Directors except as otherwise prescribed by applicable law, by the Charter or by these Bylaws. 
 Section 2. Number, Election and Term . At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. 
 At all times, except in the case of a vacancy, a majority of the Board of Directors shall be Independent Directors (as hereinafter defined). For the purposes of these Bylaws, Independent Director shall mean a director of the Corporation who is not an officer or employee of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation. Directors need not be stockholders in the Corporation. 
 Section 3. Vacancies . If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Pursuant to the Corporation s election to be subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum provided, however, that Independent Directors shall nominate replacements for vacancies among the Independent Directors, which replacements must be elected by a majority of the directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 Section 4. Resignations . Any director or member of a committee may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing and shall take effect at the time of receipt by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary or at such later time specified therein. Acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 Section 5. Committees of the Board of Directors . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Governance and Nominating Committee, a Compensation Committee and other committees composed of one or more directors and delegate to these committees any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. 
 Unless provided otherwise by the Board of Directors, each committee may fix rules of procedure for its business. A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of those present at a meeting at 
 56804439-v3 13 

which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee. The members of a committee present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint a director to act in the place of an absent member provided , however , that in the event of the absence or disqualification of any Independent Director, such appointee shall be an Independent Director. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. The members of a committee may conduct any meeting thereof by telephone or video conference in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Article. 
 Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill all vacancies, to designate alternative members to replace any absent or disqualified member, or to dissolve any such committee. 
 Section 6. Meetings of the Board of Directors . Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held at any place in or out of the State of Maryland as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as shall be specified in the notice of such meeting. 
 Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a telephone or video conference or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by such means constitutes presence in person at a meeting. 
 The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held as soon as practicable after the annual meeting of the stockholders at which the directors were elected. The meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors, except that no notice shall be necessary if such meeting is held immediately after the adjournment, and at the site, of the annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called at any time by two (2) or more directors or by a majority of the members of the executive committee, if one be constituted, in writing with or without a meeting of such committee, or by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. 
 Special meetings may be held at such place or places in or out of the State of Maryland as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors in the absence of such designation, such meetings shall be held at such places as may be designated in the notice of meeting. 
 Any meeting of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement at the meeting. 
 Section 7. Notice . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, United States mail or courier to each director at such director s business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. 
 56804439-v3 14 

Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or such director s agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or such director s agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by applicable law or these Bylaws. 
 Section 8. Consent by Directors Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. Quorum and Voting . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the action of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority of a particular group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority of such group. The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and convened may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough directors to leave less than a quorum. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave less than a quorum but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of directors, the directors present thereat may, by a majority vote, adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 Section 10. Organization . The Chair of the Board shall preside at each meeting of the Board of Directors. In the absence or inability of the Chair of the Board to preside at a meeting, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the Chief Executive Officer s absence or inability to act, another director chosen by a majority of the directors present shall act as chair of the meeting and preside thereat. The Secretary (or, in the Secretary s absence or inability to act, any person appointed by the chair of the meeting) shall act as Secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof. 
 Section 11. Compensation of Directors . Independent Directors shall receive compensation for their services, and expenses of attendance for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof or both, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 12. Investment Policies and Restrictions . The Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, shall approve the investment policies of the Corporation. The investment policies and compliance therewith shall be reviewed by the 
 56804439-v3 15 

Independent Directors to determine whether any changes or updates are appropriate in light of the business and affairs of the Corporation. 
 Section 13. Presumption of Assent . A director of the Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless such director s dissent or abstention shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless such director shall file the director s written dissent to such action with the person acting as the Secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to any director who votes in favor of such action. 
 Section 14. Advisory Directors . The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint advisory directors to the Board, who may also serve as directors emeriti, and shall have such authority and receive such compensation and reimbursement as the Board of Directors shall provide. Advisory directors or directors emeriti shall not have the authority to participate by vote in the transaction of business. 
 Section 15. Ratification . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify any act, omission, failure to act or determination made not to act (an Act by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the Act and, if so ratified, such Act shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any Act questioned in any proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned Act. 
 Section 16. Emergency Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provision in the charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as it may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio, and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 
 Article IV OFFICERS 
 Section 1. Officers . The officers of the Corporation shall be the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, the Treasurer, the Secretary, and such other individuals holding such other titles, as the Board of Directors from time to time shall expressly designate as officers of the Corporation. Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve during the pleasure of the Board and until their respective successors are elected and qualified, except as otherwise provided in any 
 56804439-v3 16 

employment agreement between the Corporation and any officer. The Chair of the Board shall always be a member of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2. Subordinate Officers, Committees and Agents . The Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers and appoint such committees, employees or other agents as the business of the Corporation may require, including one or more Assistant Secretaries, and one or more Assistant Treasurers, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws, or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors may delegate to any officer or committee the power to elect subordinate officers and to retain or appoint employees or other agents. 
 Section 3. Chair of the Board . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a Chair of the Board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the Chair of the Board as an executive or non-executive chair. The Chair of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors at which the Chair of the Board is present. The Chair of Board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to the Chair of the Board by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 4. Chief Executive Officer . The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 5. President . The Board of Directors shall designate a President. In the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, the President shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a Chief Operating Officer by the Board of Directors, the President shall be the chief operating officer. The President may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 6. Chief Financial Officer . The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Chief Financial Officer by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 7. Vice Presidents . The Board of Directors shall designate one or more Vice President(s). The Vice President or Vice Presidents, in order of their seniority or in any other order determined by the Board of Directors, shall perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to such person(s) by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 8. Secretary . The Board of Directors shall designate a Secretary. The Secretary shall keep the minutes of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors meetings in 
 56804439-v3 17 

one or more books provided for that purpose, see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law, be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation and keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the Secretary by such stockholder, have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and, in general, perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Secretary by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. Treasurer . The Board of Directors shall designate a Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Corporation, receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as shall be selected in accordance with these Bylaws and in general perform all of the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Treasurer by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 10. Other Officers . The other officers of the Corporation shall perform such duties as the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time assign to them. 
 Section 11. Removal . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby. Any other employee of the Corporation may be removed or dismissed at any time by the Chief Executive Officer. The removal of an officer does not prejudice any of such officer s contract rights. 
 Section 12. Resignation . Any officer or agent may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, or to the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 Section 13. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or any other cause, shall be filled by the Board of Directors or by the officer or remaining members of the committee to which the power to fill such office has been delegated pursuant to Section 2 of this Article, as the case may be, and if the office is one for which these Bylaws prescribe a term, shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the term. 
 Section 14. Compensation . The salaries or other compensation, if any, of the officers elected by the Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or by such officer as may be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. The salaries or other compensation of any other officers, employees and other agents shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, or by the officer or committee to which such matters have been delegated pursuant to Section 2 of this Article. No officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary or other compensation by reason of the fact that such officer is also a director of the Corporation. 
 Article V STOCK 
 Section 1. Certificates Required Information . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to 
 56804439-v3 18 

certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in the manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 Section 2. Lost Certificates . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or such owner s legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 Section 3. Transfer Agents and Registrars . At such time as the Corporation lists its securities on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market, or such earlier time as the Board of Directors may elect, the Board of Directors shall appoint one or more banks or trust companies in such city or cities as the Board of Directors may deem advisable, from time to time, to act as transfer agents and or registrars of the shares of stock of the Corporation and, upon such appointments being made, no certificate representing shares shall be valid until countersigned by one of such transfer agents and registered by one of such registrars. 
 Section 4. Transfer of Stock . No transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made if (i) void ab initio pursuant to the Charter, or (ii) the Board of Directors, pursuant to the Charter, shall have refused to transfer such shares provided, however, that nothing contained in these Bylaws shall impair the settlement of transactions entered into on the facilities of the New York Stock Exchange or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. Permitted transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made on the stock records of the Corporation only upon the instruction of the registered holder thereof, or by such holder s attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary or with a transfer agent or transfer clerk, and upon surrender of the certificate or certificates, if issued, for such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly executed stock transfer power and the payment of all taxes thereon. Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, as to any transfers not prohibited by the Charter or by action of the Board of Directors thereunder, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. 
 Section 5. Fixing of Record Dates . The Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a date as the record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of stockholders, or stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, may not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed nor more than 90 days, or in case of a meeting of stockholders, less 
 56804439-v3 19 

than ten days, prior to the date on which the particular action requiring such determination of stockholders is to be taken. 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 
 Section 6. Registered Stockholders . The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 Section 7. Regulations Book-Entry System . The Board of Directors may make such additional rules and regulations, not inconsistent with the Bylaws or the Charter, as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation. The Corporation may participate in one or more systems under which certificates for shares of stock are replaced by electronic book-entry pursuant to such rules, terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may approve and subject to applicable law, notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary set forth in this Article. 
 Article VI SEAL 
 The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal for the Corporation, which may be either facsimile or any other form of seal and shall remain in the custody of the Secretary. If the Board of Directors so provides, it shall be affixed to all certificates of the Corporation s stock and to other instruments requiring a seal. If the Corporation is required to place its corporate seal to a document, it is sufficient to meet the requirement of any law, rule, or regulation relating to a corporate seal to place the word (seal) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to sign the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 Article VII CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 Section 1. Contracts . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by an authorized person. 
 Section 2. Checks and Drafts . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 56804439-v3 20 

Section 3. Deposits . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 Article VIII FISCAL YEAR 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the twelve calendar months period ending December 31 in each year, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors. 
 Article IX INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
 Section 1. General . To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of such individual s service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner or trustee of any other corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of such individual s service in such capacity. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to a person who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. 
 Section 2. Procedure . Any indemnification, or payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of any proceeding, to which a director or officer may be entitled pursuant to applicable law or the Charter or this Bylaw (as defined in Section 4 of this Article IX) shall be made promptly, and in any event within 60 days, upon the written request of the director or officer entitled to seek indemnification or advance of expenses (the Indemnified Party ). The right to indemnification and advance of expenses hereunder shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Party in any court of competent jurisdiction, if (i) the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition thereof is made within 60 days. The Indemnified Party s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing the right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall be reimbursed by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any action for advance for expenses that the Corporation has not received either (i) an undertaking as required by law to repay such advances in the event it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met or (ii) a written affirmation by the Indemnified Party of such Indemnified Party s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Corporation has been met. 
 Section 3. Exclusivity, Etc . The indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and this Bylaw shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advance of expenses may be entitled under any law, or any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or other provision that is consistent with law, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office or while employed by or acting as agent for the 
 56804439-v3 21 

Corporation, shall continue in respect of all events occurring while a person was a director or officer after such person has ceased to be a director or officer, and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administrators of such person. All rights to indemnification and advance of expenses under the Charter and this Bylaw shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director or officer of the Corporation who serves or served in such capacity at any time while this Bylaw is in effect. Nothing herein shall prevent the amendment of this Bylaw, provided that no such amendment shall diminish the rights of any person hereunder with respect to events occurring or claims made before its adoption or as to claims made after its adoption in respect of events occurring before its adoption. Any repeal or modification of this Bylaw shall not in any way diminish any rights to indemnification or advance of expenses of such director or officer or the obligations of the Corporation arising hereunder with respect to events occurring, or claims made, while this Bylaw or any provision hereof is in force. The Corporation shall not be liable for any payment under this Bylaw in connection with a claim made by a director or officer to the extent such director or officer has otherwise actually received payment under insurance policy, agreement, vote or otherwise, of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 Section 4. Severability Definitions . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Article IX shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. The phrase this Bylaw in this Article IX means this Article IX in its entirety. 
 Article X SUNDRY PROVISIONS 
 Section 1. Books and Records . The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of its accounts and transactions and minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and Board of Directors and of any executive or other committee when exercising any of the powers of the Board of Directors. The books and records of the Corporation may be in written form or in any other form which can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. Minutes shall be recorded in written form but may be maintained in the form of a reproduction. The original or a certified copy of the Bylaws shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation. 
 Section 2. Voting Upon Shares in Other Corporations . Stock of other corporations or associations, registered in the name of the Corporation, may be voted by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a proxy appointed by either of them. The Board of Directors, however, may by resolution appoint some other person to vote such shares, in which case such person shall be entitled to vote such shares upon the production of a certified copy of such resolution. 
 Section 3. Annual Statement of Affairs . The Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, or principal accounting officer shall prepare annually a full and correct statement of the affairs of the Corporation, to include a balance sheet and a financial statement of operations for the preceding fiscal year. The statement of affairs shall be submitted at the annual meeting of the stockholders and, within 20 days after the meeting, placed on file at the Corporation s principal office. 
 Section 4. Mail . Except as herein expressly provided, any notice or other document which is required by these Bylaws to be mailed shall be deposited in the United States mails, postage prepaid. 
 56804439-v3 22 

Section 5. Reliance . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of such person s duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 Section 6. Certain Rights of Directors, Officers, Employees and Agents . The directors shall have no responsibility to devote their full time to the affairs of the Corporation. Any director or officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, in their personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to or in addition to those of or relating to the Corporation. 
 Section 7. Loss of Deposits . No director shall be liable for any loss which may occur by reason of the failure of any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other institution with whom moneys or stock of the Corporation have been deposited. 
 Section 8. Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the MGCL, or any successor statute, shall not apply to the voting rights of any shares of stock of the Corporation acquired and held by any person pursuant to a grant by the Board of Directors of a waiver to such person of the stock ownership limitation contained in the Charter. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 Section 9. Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 Article XI AMENDMENTS 
 These Bylaws may be amended or replaced, or new Bylaws may be adopted, either (1) by the vote of the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes which all stockholders are entitled to cast thereon at any duly organized annual or special meeting of stockholders, or (2), with respect to those matters which are not by statute reserved exclusively to the stockholders, by vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors of the Corporation, in office at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. It shall not be necessary to set forth such proposed amendment, repeal or new Bylaws, or a summary thereof, in any notice of such meeting, whether annual, regular or special. 
 56804439-v3 23 

ARTICLE XII 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in Section 1-101(p) of the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof, (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director, officer or employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation, (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director, officer or employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Charter or these Bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director, officer or employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Maryland (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Maryland in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the preceding sentence and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. None of the foregoing actions, claims or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland, unless the Corporation consents in writing to such court. 
 56804439-v3 24 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 rwtex434q22.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of Redwood Trust, Inc. s securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Unless the context requires otherwise, when used in this exhibit, the terms Redwood Trust, we, our and us refer solely to Redwood Trust, Inc. and not to its subsidiaries. 
 The description below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to applicable Maryland law and to the provisions of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, including any amendments and articles supplementary (our charter ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (our bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our charter, bylaws, each applicable prospectus, prospectus supplement and articles supplementary, and the applicable provisions of Maryland law for additional information. 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had two classes of registered securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
 Common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 
 10.00 Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 General 
 Authorized Capital 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 395,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of the date hereof, 392,010,000 shares of capital stock were classified as common stock and 2,990,000 shares of capital stock were classified as 10.00 Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 Power to Reclassify Shares of Our Stock Issuance of Additional Shares 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to classify and reclassify from time to time any unissued shares of our stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock, and to cause the issuance of such shares. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, the board of directors is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set, subject to our charter restrictions on transfer of our stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. We believe that the power to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of common or preferred stock and thereafter to issue the classified or reclassified shares provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs which might arise. These actions can be taken without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Although we have no present intention of doing so, we could issue a class or series of stock that could delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change in control of Redwood Trust that might involve a premium price for holders of common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. 

Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer and Repurchase of Shares 
 In order that we may meet the requirements for qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes at all times, among other purposes, our charter prohibits any person from acquiring or holding beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock or preferred stock, or collectively, capital stock, in excess of 9.8 , in number of shares or value, of the outstanding shares of the related class of capital stock. For this purpose, the term beneficial ownership means beneficial ownership, as determined under Rule 13d-3 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), of capital stock by a person, either directly or constructively, including through application of the constructive ownership provisions of Section 544 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and related provisions. 
 Under the constructive ownership rules of Section 544 of the Code, a holder of a warrant generally will be treated as owning the number of shares of capital stock into which such warrant may be converted. In addition, the constructive ownership rules generally attribute ownership of securities owned by a corporation, partnership, estate, or trust proportionately to its stockholders, partners, or beneficiaries, respectively. The rules may also attribute ownership of securities owned by family members to other members of the same family and may treat an option to purchase securities as actual ownership of the underlying securities by the optionholder. The rules further provide when securities constructively owned by a person will be considered to be actually owned for the further application of such attribution provisions. To determine whether a person holds or would hold capital stock in excess of the 9.8 ownership limit, a person will be treated as owning not only shares of capital stock actually owned, but also any shares of capital stock attributed to that person under the attribution rules described above. Accordingly, a person who directly owns less than 9.8 of the shares outstanding may nevertheless be in violation of the 9.8 ownership limit. 
 Any acquisition or transfer of shares of capital stock or warrants that would cause us to be disqualified as a REIT or that would create a direct or constructive ownership of shares of capital stock in excess of the 9.8 ownership limit, or result in the shares of capital stock being beneficially owned, within the meaning of Section 856(a) of the Code, by fewer than 100 persons, determined without any reference to any rules of attribution, or result in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code, will be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to those shares or warrants. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 If any purported transfer of shares of capital stock or warrants results in a purported transferee owning, directly or constructively, shares in excess of the 9.8 ownership limit due to the unenforceability of the transfer restrictions described above, the amount of shares causing the purported transferee to violate the 9.8 ownership limit will constitute excess securities. Excess securities will be transferred by operation of law to Redwood Trust as trustee for the exclusive benefit of the person or persons to whom the excess securities are ultimately transferred, until such time as the purported transferee retransfers the excess securities. While the excess securities are held in trust, a holder of such securities will not be entitled to vote or to share in any dividends or other distributions with respect to such securities and will not be entitled to exercise or convert such securities into shares of capital stock. Excess securities may be transferred by the purported transferee to any person (if such transfer would not result in excess securities) at a price not to exceed the price paid by the purported transferee (or, if no consideration was paid by the purported transferee, the Market Price (as defined in our charter) of the excess securities on the date of the purported transfer), at which point the excess securities will automatically be exchanged for the stock or warrants, as the case may be, to which the excess securities are attributable. If a purported transferee receives a higher price for designating an ultimate transferee, such purported transferee shall pay, or cause the ultimate transferee to pay, such excess to us. In addition, 

such excess securities held in trust are subject to purchase by us at a purchase price equal to the lesser of (a) the price per share or per warrant, as the case may be, in the transaction that created such excess securities (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift), reduced by the amount of any distributions received in violation of the charter that have not been repaid to us, and (b) the Market Price on the date we elect to purchase the excess securities, reduced by the amount of any distributions received in violation of the charter that have not been repaid to us. 
 Upon a purported transfer of excess securities, the purported transferee shall cease to be entitled to distributions, voting rights, and other benefits with respect to the shares of capital stock or warrants except the right to payment of the purchase price for the shares of capital stock or warrants on the retransfer of securities as provided above. Any dividend or distribution paid to a purported transferee on excess securities prior to our discovery that shares of capital stock have been transferred in violation of our charter shall be repaid to us upon demand. If these transfer restrictions are determined to be void, invalid, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the purported transferee of any excess securities may be deemed, at our option, to have acted as an agent on our behalf in acquiring the excess securities and to hold the excess securities on our behalf. 
 All certificates representing shares of capital stock and warrants will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Any person who acquires shares or warrants in violation of our charter, or any person who is a purported transferee such that excess securities result, must immediately give written notice or, in the event of a proposed or attempted transfer that would be void as set forth above, give at least 15 days prior written notice to us of such event and shall provide us such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the transfer on our status as a REIT. In addition, as required under the REIT provisions of the Code, every record owner of more than 5.0 , during any period in which the number of record stockholders is 2,000, or 1.0 , during any period in which the number of record stockholders is greater than 200 but less than 2,000, or 1 2 , during any period in which the number of record stockholders is 200 or less, of the number or value of our outstanding shares will receive a questionnaire from us by January 30 requesting information as to how the shares are held. In addition, our charter requires that such stockholders must provide written notice to us by 30 days after January 1 stating the name and address of the record stockholder, the number of shares beneficially owned and a description of how the shares are held. In practice, we have generally permitted our stockholders to comply with the foregoing charter requirement by responding to our annual REIT questionnaire. Further, each stockholder upon demand is required to disclose to us in writing such information with respect to the direct and constructive ownership of shares and warrants as our board of directors deems reasonably necessary to comply with the REIT provisions of the Code, to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental agency or to determine any such compliance. 
 Our board of directors may increase or decrease the 9.8 ownership limit. In addition, to the extent consistent with the REIT provisions of the Code, our board of directors may, pursuant to our charter, waive the 9.8 ownership limit for a purchaser of our stock. As a condition to such waiver the intended transferee must give written notice to the board of directors of the proposed transfer no later than the fifteenth day prior to any transfer which, if consummated, would result in the intended transferee owning shares in excess of the ownership limit. Our board of directors may also take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect our status as a REIT. Pursuant to our charter, our board of directors has, from time to time, waived the ownership limit for certain of our stockholders 
 The provisions described above may inhibit market activity and the resulting opportunity for the holders of our capital stock and warrants to receive a premium for their shares or warrants that might otherwise exist in the absence of such provisions. Such provisions also may make us an unsuitable 

investment vehicle for any person seeking to obtain ownership of more than 9.8 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. 
 Transfer Agent, Registrar, and Dividend Disbursing Agent 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock is currently Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and its affiliate, Computershare Inc., acts as dividend disbursing agent. 
 Listings 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RWT. 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RWT PRA. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Subject to our charter restrictions on transfer of our stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as, and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Liquidation 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, after payment of or adequate provision for all of our known debts and liabilities. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock and to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer of our stock. 
 Rights and Preferences 
 Holders of our common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption, or, if listed on a national securities exchange, appraisal rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. Subject to our charter restrictions on transfer of our stock, all shares of common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation, and other rights. 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Preferred Stock 
 Description of Series A Preferred Stock 
 On January 13, 2023, we filed articles supplementary to our charter (the Articles Supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland to classify and designate 2,990,000 shares of our capital stock as shares of Series A Preferred Stock with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights set forth in the Articles Supplementary. 
 Maturity . The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them or they become convertible or are converted into our common stock as described below under Conversion Rights. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Ranking . The Series A Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, 
 (1) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred to in clauses (2) and (3) 
 (2) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 (3) junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (please see the section entitled Voting Rights below) and 
 (4) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends based on the stated liquidation preference of 25.00 per share at a rate equal to (i) for each dividend period (as defined below) from and including the date of original issuance to, but excluding April 15, 2028 (the first reset date 10.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock per annum, and (ii) for each dividend period beginning on the first reset date, during each reset period (as defined below), the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined below) as of the most recent reset dividend determinate date plus a spread of 6.278 per annum. A dividend period means the period from, and including, each dividend payment date (as defined below) to, but excluding, the next succeeding dividend payment date, except for the initial dividend period, which will be the period from, and including, the issue date of the Series A Preferred Stock to, but excluding the next succeeding dividend payment date. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall accumulate daily and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of each April, July, October and January (each, a dividend payment date provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, as defined in the Articles Supplementary, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next 

succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. The first dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock is scheduled to be paid on April 15, 2023 in the amount of approximately 0.60417 per share, and that dividend will be paid to the persons who are the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the corresponding record date, which will be March 31, 2023. Dividends will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the first day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, in which the applicable dividend payment date falls (each, a dividend record date ). The dividends payable on any dividend payment date shall include dividends accumulated to, but not including, such dividend payment date. 
 A reset date means the first reset date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding reset date, whether or not a business day. A reset period means the period from, and including, the first reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date and thereafter each period from, and including, each reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date. A reset dividend determination date means, in respect of any reset period, the third business day immediately preceding the beginning of such reset period. 
 For any reset period commencing on or after the first reset date, the five-year U.S Treasury Rate will be 
 The average of the yields to maturity on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the five business days immediately preceding the reset dividend determination date, appearing under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities in the published statistical release designated H.15 Daily Update or any successor publication which is published by the Federal Reserve Board as of 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) as of any reset dividend determination date, as determined by us in our sole discretion. 
 If no calculation for the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate is available as described above, then if a calculation agent has not been appointed at such time, we will appoint a calculation agent who shall, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing calculations, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate, shall determine the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate in its sole discretion, provided that if the calculation agent determines there is an industry-accepted successor five-year U.S. Treasury Rate, then the calculation agent shall use such successor rate. If the calculation agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing, the calculation agent, in its sole discretion, may determine the business day convention, the definition of business day and the reset dividend determination date to be used and any other relevant methodology for calculating such substitute or successor rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor rate comparable to the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such substitute or successor rate. 
 The five-year U.S. Treasury Rate will be determined by us or the calculation agent, as described above, on the reset dividend determination date. If the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate for any dividend period cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in the two bullet points above, the dividend rate for such dividend period will be the same as the dividend rate determined for the immediately preceding dividend period. 

No dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited by law. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will accumulate whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are assets legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are authorized or declared. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. 
 Future distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Unless full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no dividends (other than in shares of common stock or in shares of any series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation. Nor shall any other distribution be declared or made upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation. In addition, any shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation shall not be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by us (except (a) by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, (b) for transfers made pursuant to the provisions of our charter, relating to restrictions on ownership and transfers of our capital stock and (c) pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up). The foregoing will not, however, prevent the redemption, purchase or acquisition by us of shares of any class or series of stock for the purpose of enforcing restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock contained in our charter, including in order to preserve our qualification as a REIT, or the redemption, purchase or acquisition by us of shares of our common stock for purposes of and in compliance with any incentive or benefit plan of ours. 
 When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of any other series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock that we have issued or 

may issue ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accumulated dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and accumulated or accrued dividends per share on such other series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. 
 We will appoint a third party independent financial institution of national standing with experience providing such services as calculation agent for the Series A Preferred Stock if the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate is not available at any time on or after the first reset date. 
 Liquidation Preference . In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock that we may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 In the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of other classes or series of our capital stock that we have issued or may issue ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other such classes or series of capital stock shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to written notice of any such liquidation no fewer than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the payment date. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation or merger of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, shall not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although such events may give rise to the special optional redemption and contingent conversion rights described below). 
 Redemption . The Series A Preferred Stock will not be redeemable by us prior to April 15, 2028, except as described below under Special Optional Redemption and except that we may purchase or redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to that date in order to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 Optional Redemption . On or after April 15, 2028, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If we elect to redeem any shares of Series A Preferred Stock as described in this paragraph, we may use any available cash to pay 

the redemption price, and we will not be required to pay the redemption price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. 
 Special Optional Redemption . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, on or within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption right described above under Optional Redemption or this special optional redemption right), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined below) described below under Conversion Rights with respect to the shares called for redemption. If we elect to redeem any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock as described in this paragraph, we may use any available cash to pay the redemption price, and we will not be required to pay the redemption price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. 
 A Change of Control is deemed to occur when, after the original issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our capital stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Redemption Procedures . In the event we elect to redeem any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the notice of redemption will be mailed to each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption at such holder s address as it appears on our stock transfer records and will state the following 
 the redemption date 
 the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed 
 the redemption price 
 the place or places where certificates (if any) for the Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price 

that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on the redemption date 
 whether such redemption is being made pursuant to the provisions described above under Optional Redemption or Special Optional Redemption 
 if applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control and, in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control and 
 if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series A Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series A Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 If less than all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder shall also specify the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder for whom both of the following are true (i) notice to such holder was defective or not given and (ii) such holder does not receive the redemption price on the redemption date. 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender the Series A Preferred Stock at the place designated in the notice of redemption and shall be entitled to the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends payable upon the redemption following the surrender. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if we have irrevocably set aside the funds necessary for redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date (unless default shall be made by us in providing for the payment of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accumulate on those shares of Series A Preferred Stock, those shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption price and accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption may be paid on the next business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount payable for the period from and after that redemption date to that next business day. If less than all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other equitable method we determine but that will not result in the automatic transfer of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a trust. 
 Immediately prior to any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, we shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends through and including the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such dividend payment date. Except as provided 

above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed. 
 Unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed and we shall not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (except by exchanging it for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to preserve our REIT status for federal income tax purposes or pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Subject to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by private agreement. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock that we acquire will return to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Series A Preferred Stock until reclassified pursuant to our charter. 
 Conversion Rights . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder as described above under Redemption Optional Redemption or Redemption Special Optional Redemption, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date for the Series A Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price, as defined below and 
 6.98324 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the Share Cap ), subject to certain adjustments as described below. 
 Anything in the Articles Supplementary to the contrary notwithstanding and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such dividend record date and on or prior to such dividend payment date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such dividend payment date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such dividend record date. Except as provided above, we will make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of our common stock to existing holders of our common stock), subdivisions or 

combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to our common stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of our common stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right will not exceed 18,156,424 shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to proportionate increase to the extent the underwriters option to purchase additional shares is exercised, not to exceed 20,879,888 shares of our common stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap. 
 In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which our common stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof) (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series A Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration ). 
 If the holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of our common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 We will not issue fractional shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, we will make a cash payment equal to the value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, provided that we have not then exercised our right to redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described above, we will provide to holders of Series A Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. This notice will be delivered to the holders of record of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at their addresses as they appear on our stock transfer records. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the giving thereof will affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. This notice will state the following 

the events constituting the Change of Control 
 the date of the Change of Control 
 the last date on which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right 
 the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price 
 the Change of Control Conversion Date 
 that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem all or any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related redemption date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right 
 if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series A Preferred Stock 
 the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series A Preferred Stock 
 the procedures that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Share Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and 
 the last date on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 
 Under such circumstances, we will also issue a press release containing such notice for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., the Wall Street Journal, Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on our website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Share Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Share Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by us, duly completed, to our transfer agent. The conversion notice must state 
 the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date 
 the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted and 

that the Series A Preferred Stock is to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series A Preferred Stock is to be converted, which will be a business day selected by us that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of our common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of our common stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of our common stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of our common stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which our common stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for our common stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if our common stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our transfer agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state 
 the number of withdrawn shares of Series A Preferred Stock 
 if certificated Series A Preferred Stock has been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 
 the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC or a similar depositary (each, a Share Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Share Depositary. 
 Series A Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, as described above under Redemption Optional Redemption or Redemption Special Optional Redemption, in which case only the shares of Series A Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If we elect to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the 

applicable redemption date the redemption price described above under Redemption-Optional Redemption or Redemption-Special Optional Redemption, as applicable. 
 We will deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third business day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of our common stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, we will comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock or other property. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series A Preferred Stock, no holder of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock to the extent that receipt of such common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in our charter, unless we provide an exemption from this limitation to such holder. 
 The Change of Control conversion feature may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or discourage a party from taking over our company. 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as otherwise required by law. However, whenever dividends on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will, subject to the maximum number of directors authorized under our bylaws then in effect, be automatically increased by two (if not already increased by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock that we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote with the Series A Preferred Stock as a class with respect to the election of those two directors) and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a single class together with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors) will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors at a special meeting called by us at the request of the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or by the holders of any other class or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors (unless the request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of stockholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In that case, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, the term of office of any directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will immediately terminate and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall be reduced accordingly. In no event shall the holders of Series A Preferred Stock be entitled pursuant to these voting rights to elect a director that would cause us to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director 

independence of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which any class or series of our capital stock is listed or quoted. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the total number of directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Class (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of such directors) pursuant to these voting rights exceed two. 
 If at any time when the voting rights conferred upon the Series A Preferred Stock (as described above) are exercisable, any vacancy in the office of a director elected pursuant to the procedures described above shall occur, then such vacancy may be filled only by the remaining such director or by the vote of the holders of record of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of directors (as described above). Any director elected or appointed pursuant to the procedures described above may be removed only by the affirmative vote of holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which classes or series of preferred stock are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of directors pursuant to the procedures described above, such removal to be effected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any such other classes or series of preferred stock, and may not be removed by the holders of our common stock. 
 If a special meeting is not called by us within 30 days after request from the holders of Series A Preferred Stock as described above, then the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense. 
 On each matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote, except that when shares of any other class or series of our preferred stock have the right to vote with the Series A Preferred Stock as a single class on any matter, the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of each such other class or series will have one vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends). 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and all other parity stock having like voting rights that are exercisable at the time, voting as a single class, outstanding at the time, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting (voting together as a single class with all series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock that we have issued or may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable), (a) authorize or create, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of our authorized capital stock into such shares, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares or (b) amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock (each, an Event provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in (a) and (b) above, if the proposed amendments would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock disproportionately relative to any other class or series of parity stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, voting as a separate class, is also required provided, further, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in (b) above, so long as the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms thereof 

materially unchanged, or the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock receive securities of a successor person or entity with substantially identical rights as those of the Series A Preferred Stock, taking into account that, upon an occurrence of an Event, we may not be the surviving entity, the occurrence of any such Event shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and, provided further, that any increase in the amount of the authorized preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, or the creation or issuance of any additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or other series of preferred stock that we may issue, or any increase in the amount of authorized shares of such series, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock that we may issue with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 Except as expressly stated in the Articles Supplementary for the Series A Preferred Stock or as may be required by applicable law, the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 Information Rights . During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear on our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any holders or prospective holder of Series A Preferred Stock. We will use our best effort to mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC, if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer . In order to qualify as a REIT under the Code, our shares of capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the second half of any calendar year. 
 To ensure compliance with the above requirements, our charter prohibits any person from acquiring or holding beneficial ownership (as defined in the charter) of shares of any class of our capital stock in excess of 9.8 , in number of shares or value, of the outstanding shares of such class of capital stock. All Series A Preferred Stock will be counted as a single class of capital stock for purposes of the 9.8 ownership limitation applicable to our capital stock in the charter. Additionally, our articles supplementary establishing the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock will prohibit any person from acquiring or holding beneficial ownership (as defined in the articles supplementary) or constructive ownership (as defined in the articles supplementary) of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock in excess of 

9.8 , in number of shares or value, of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. The number and value of shares of our outstanding capital stock is determined by our board of directors, which determination is conclusive. 
 Moreover, the constructive ownership rules are complex, and may cause shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and or entities to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, Series A Preferred Stock) by an individual or entity could nevertheless cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to own constructively in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and thus violate the ownership limitations in our charter or the Articles Supplementary. 
 Any acquisition by a holder of Series A Preferred Stock that results in such holder violating the ownership limitations in our charter or the Articles Supplementary may not be valid. In addition, no holder of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into our common stock to the extent that receipt of our common stock would cause the holder to violate the ownership limitations in our charter or the Articles Supplementary unless we provide an exemption from these ownership limitations to such holder at our sole discretion. 
 Certain Provisions of the Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 Maryland Business Combination Act 
 Under the Maryland Business Combination Act, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder, as such terms are defined in the Act, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by provision in the charter of the corporation. Our charter provides that we elect not to be governed by the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act. 
 Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act 
 The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act causes persons who acquire beneficial ownership of stock at levels of 10 , 33 , and more than 50 (control share acquisitions) to lose the voting rights of such stock unless voting rights are restored by the stockholders at a meeting by vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter (excluding stock held by the acquiring stockholder or the corporation s officers or employee directors). The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act affords a cash-out election for stockholders other than the acquiring stockholder, at an appraised value (but not less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiring person in the control share acquisition), payable by the corporation, if voting rights for more than 50 of the outstanding stock are approved for the acquiring person. Under certain circumstances, the corporation may redeem shares acquired in a control share acquisition if voting rights for such shares have not been approved. The statute does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation, or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our common stock by any person pursuant to a waiver from the ownership limit in our charter granted to such person by our board of directors. 

The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act could have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us and of increasing the difficulty of consummating any such offers. 
 Board of Directors, Vacancies, and Removal of Directors 
 All directors are elected annually to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify. 
 Pursuant to our election to be subject to certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, any vacancy on our board of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. A director may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally for the election of directors. 
 Charter Amendments and Extraordinary Corporate Actions 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange, convert or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by the board of directors or (iii) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim (as defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law), (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of ours to us or our stockholders, (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law or our charter or our bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Subtitle 8 
 Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any of 
 a classified board of directors 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred or 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Pursuant to Subtitle 8, we have elected to provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (a) vest in the board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships and (b) require, unless called by our chairman of the board, our president, the board of directors or a majority of independent directors, the request of holders of a majority of outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 Under our current bylaws and pursuant to Maryland law, annual meetings of stockholders will be held each year at a date and at the time in the month of May determined by our board of directors. Special meetings of stockholders may be called by our board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors, our president or a majority of independent directors. Additionally, subject to the provisions of our bylaws, special meetings of the stockholders to act on any matter must be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting who have requested the special meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in, and provided the information and certifications required by, our bylaws. Only matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. Our secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder or stockholders must pay such estimated cost before our secretary may prepare and deliver the notice of the special meeting. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.1>
 4
 rwtex1014q22.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.1 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 FORM OF 
 DEFERRED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

DEFERRED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT dated as of the Date day of Month Year (the Award Agreement ), by and between Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and First Name Last Name , an Employee, Consultant or non-employee Director of the Company (the Participant ). References to the Company herein shall include the subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined in Exhibit A ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Redwood Trust, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Participant is to be granted an award of Deferred Stock Units for shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ), and the Company hereby grants such Award. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Number of Shares Awarded . This Award entitles the Participant to receive Number of shares (_____) shares of Common Stock (the Award Shares ), following the expiration of the Restricted Period described below. 
 
 2. Dividends . In accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan, the number of Award Shares set forth in Section 1 shall not be adjusted to reflect the payment of regular cash dividends declared on Common Stock during the Restricted Period. The Participant will be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent (each, a DER for each Award Share pursuant to which the Participant will be entitled to receive, pursuant to the Plan, an amount equal to the aggregate regular cash dividends with a record date occurring after the Grant Date (as defined below) and prior to the date the Award Share is settled or forfeited that would have been payable to the Participant with respect to the share of Common Stock underlying the Award Share had it been outstanding on the applicable record date. DERs shall remain outstanding from the Grant Date until the earlier of the payment delivery or forfeiture of the underlying Award Share, at which point, the corresponding DER will be forfeited. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be paid as and when the dividends in respect of which such DER payments arise are paid to holders of Common Stock, without regard to the vested status of the underlying Award Share. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Vesting and Restricted Periods . 
 
 (1) The Award Shares shall vest on the following schedule 
 
 As of 1st year + 1 month anniversary of the date of this Award Agreement , 25 
 
 At the beginning of each subsequent calendar quarter (beginning January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 following the 1 st year anniversary of this Award Agreement, as applicable ), 6.25 and 
 
 All Award Shares shall be fully vested as of One day before the 4th year anniversary of the date of this Award Agreement . 
 
 Award Shares that have become vested pursuant to this Section 3 are referred to as Vested Award Shares . The period from the date of this Award to the applicable date or dates specified for delivery of such shares is referred to as the Restricted Period . Vested Award Shares shall not be forfeited in the event of the Participant s Termination of Service but shall remain outstanding to be settled by delivery payment of shares in accordance with Section 3(f), subject to withholding in accordance with Section 11. 
 -1- 

(2) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Disability or death or a Qualifying CIC Termination (as defined below), in each case, prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan, for purposes of this Award Agreement, a Disability shall only exist if the Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (3) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement (as defined below) on or following the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date (as defined below), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date, a number of Award Shares not vested at the time of such Termination of Service shall vest such that the total number of Award Shares vested with respect to this Award equals the total number of Award Shares, pro-rated based on (x) the number of days from the Grant Date through the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Service due to Retirement, divided by (y) 366 365 , and such pro-rata portion of the Award Shares shall not be forfeited. 
 
 (4) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination (after taking into account any vesting that occurs in connection with Disability or death, Retirement or a Qualifying CIC Termination), shall be forfeited. 
 
 (5) The Restricted Period shall expire on the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. The Company shall pay and deliver to the Participant any Vested Award Shares within 30 days following the first to occur of (i) a change in control event of the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (ii) the Participant s death, (iii) the Participant s separation from service from the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) and (iv) the last day of the Restricted Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exact delivery payment date of any Vested Award Shares shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and the Participant shall not have a right to designate the time of delivery payment). 
 
 (6) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (i) A Qualifying CIC Termination means the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, in either case, on or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). 
 
 (ii) Cause shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean (i) the Participant s failure to competently perform the Participant s job or duties to the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, which failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Company to the Participant (b) any act of negligence or misconduct by the Participant that has had or is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or any of its business affairs, reputation, counterparties, employees, agents or vendors (c) the Participant s breach of any fiduciary duty or obligation to the Company (d) (A) the Participant s breach of any Company policy (including any code of conduct or harassment policies), which is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or (B) any breach by the Participant of an agreement with the Company (e) the Participant s commission of, indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude (f) the Participant s theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, or attempted theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or any of its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with any of them (g) any act of moral turpitude, dishonesty, or similar behavior by the Participant injurious to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company or (h) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of the Company or pertaining to any of its business or operations. 
 
 -2- 

(iii) Good Reason shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, without the Participant s prior written consent (i) a material reduction (at the direction of the Company) in the value of the Participant s total compensation package (salary, wages, bonus opportunity, equity or other long-term incentive award opportunities, and benefits) if such a reduction is not linked to the performance of the Company or one or more of its business units or subsidiaries or made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company or the applicable business unit or employing subsidiary or (ii) the relocation of the Participant s principal Company office to a location more than 25 miles from its location as of the date of the Participant s Participation Notice, except for required travel on the Company s business to the extent necessary to fulfill the Participant s obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Participant knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of the Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 (iv) Grant Date means the date first written above in this Agreement. 
 
 (v) Retirement shall mean a Termination of Service due to retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) if such Termination of Service (i) occurs on or after the completion by the Participant of ten (10) years of employment with the Company (which need not be continuous) and (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an Employee equals or exceeds seventy (70) (in each case measured in years, rounded down to the nearest whole number). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, a Termination of Service shall only constitute a Retirement if the Participant provides the Company with at least 12 months written notice of his or her anticipated retirement. 
 
 4. At-Will Employment . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation of the Participant to continue as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or on the part of the Company to continue the employment or other service relationship of the Participant with the Company. It is understood and agreed to by the Participant that the Award and participation in the Plan does not alter the at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company (subject to the terms of any separate employment agreement the Participant may have with the Company). The at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company can only be altered by a writing signed by both the Participant and the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company. 
 
 5. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Award Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or when deposited in a United States Post Office, postage prepaid, addressed, as appropriate, to the Participant either at the Participant s address set forth below or such other address as the Participant may designate in writing to the Company, and to the Company Attention Chief Legal Officer, at the Company s address or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Participant. 
 
 6. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants Arbitration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant s right to receive the Award Shares and any DER payments is subject to and conditioned upon the Participant s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Exhibit A attached hereto. In addition, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that any dispute arising with respect to this Award and this Award Agreement will be subject to the Alternative Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in an Employment and Confidentiality Agreement (or any other arbitration or alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreements) by and between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 8. Existing Agreements . This Award Agreement does not supersede nor does it modify any existing agreements between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 9. Incorporation of Plan . The Plan is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Award Agreement, and this Award Agreement is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 -3- 

10. Amendments . This Award Agreement may be amended or modified at any time by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 11. Withholding . The Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, amounts payable in respect of Award Shares in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations. Amounts which may be so withheld shall be no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory withholding rates in the Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income. 
 
 12. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and this Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent, and any provisions of this Award Agreement or the Plan that would cause the Award to fail to be exempt from or to satisfy the requirements for an effective deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall have no force and effect. Any right under this Award Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, no amounts shall be paid to the Participant under this Award Agreement during the six (6)-month period following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of such separation from service and that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Award Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of the Code without being subject to such additional taxes), the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump-sum all amounts that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such six (6)-month period under this Award Agreement. 
 
 Signature page follows 

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Award Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. By Andrew P. Stone Chief Legal Officer & Secretary One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 
 
 The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement and to all the terms and provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference. 

First Name Last Name 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

-5- 

EXHIBIT A - Restrictive Covenants 
 
 1. Non-Disparagement . While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . While providing services to the Company and, for a period of one (1) year thereafter, the Participant shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company and its Affiliates or to cease to render services to any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant shall not use any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer, client, vendor, or other party doing business with any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . The Participant shall keep secret and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential, proprietary and non-public matters, tangible or intangible, of or related to the Company, its stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, fiduciaries, representatives, employees, licensees and agents including, without limitation, trade secrets, business strategies and operations, seller, counterparty and customer lists, manufacturers, vendors, material suppliers, financial information, personnel information, legal advice and counsel obtained from counsel, information regarding litigation, actual, pending or threatened, research and development, identities and habits of employees and agents and business relationships, and shall not disclose them to any person, entity or any federal, state or local agency or authority, except as may be required by law provided that, in the event disclosure is sought as a result of any subpoena or other legal process initiated against the Participant, the Participant shall immediately give the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice thereof in order to afford the Company an opportunity to contest such disclosure (such notice to be delivered to Redwood Trust, Inc., One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA, 94941, Attn Chief Legal Officer). 
 
 4. Exceptions . Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict the Participant from (i) making any disclosure of information required by law (ii) providing information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Company s Human Resources, Legal, or Compliance Departments (iii) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of any self-regulatory organization or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency (each a Governmental Agency ). Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Participant s right to receive an award for any information provided to a Governmental Agency in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant understands and acknowledges that the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

It is expressly agreed by Participant that each breach of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A is a distinct and material breach of the attached Award Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, notwithstanding any other terms of the attached Award Agreement, in 

A-1 

addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that the Company shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions of any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreement between the undersigned and the Company. The Participant further agrees that, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief without the requirement to post any bond. The Company may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 The Participant understands that the restrictive covenants and other terms set forth in this Exhibit A are intended to protect the Company s (and its subsidiaries and affiliates established employee, customer, client, and or counterparty relations, and the general goodwill of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Participant and the Company agree that the covenants set forth in this Exhibit A are reasonable with respect to duration, geographical area, and scope. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit A is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit A shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. 
 
 A-2 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 5
 rwtex1024q22.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.2 

 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT dated as of the Date day of Month Year , (the Award Agreement ), by and between Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and First Name Last Name ,, an Employee, Consultant or non-employee Director of the Company (the Participant ). References to the Company herein shall include the subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined in Exhibit A ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Redwood Trust, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Participant is to be granted an award of Restricted Stock Units for shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ), and the Company hereby grants such Award. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Number of Shares Awarded . This Award entitles the Participant to receive Number of shares (_____) shares of Common Stock (the Award Shares ), following the expiration of the Restricted Period described below. 
 
 2. Dividends . In accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan, the number of Award Shares set forth in Section 1 shall not be adjusted to reflect the payment of regular cash dividends declared on Common Stock during the Restricted Period. The Participant will be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent (each, a DER for each Award Share pursuant to which the Participant will be entitled to receive, pursuant to the Plan, an amount equal to the aggregate regular cash dividends with a record date occurring after the Grant Date (as defined below) and prior to the date the Award Share is settled or forfeited that would have been payable to the Participant with respect to the share of Common Stock underlying the Award Share had it been outstanding on the applicable record date. DERs shall remain outstanding from the Grant Date until the earlier of the payment delivery or forfeiture of the underlying Award Share, at which point, the corresponding DER will be forfeited. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be paid as and when the dividends in respect of which such DER payments arise are paid to holders of Common Stock, without regard to the vested status of the underlying Award Share. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 

3. Vesting and Restricted Periods . 
 
 a. The Award Shares shall vest on the following schedule 
 
 As of March 1, 20 xx , 25 
 
 As of March 1, 20 xx , 25 
 
 As of March 1, 20 xx , 25 and 
 
 As of March 1, 20 xx , 25 . 
 
 Award Shares that have become vested pursuant to this Section 3 are referred to as Vested Award Shares . The period from the date of this Award to the applicable date or dates specified for delivery of such shares is referred to as the Restricted Period . 

(b) Subject to Section 12, Vested Award Shares shall be delivered to the Participant on the thirtieth (30th) day following the first to occur of (i) the applicable Vesting Date, (ii) the date of the Participant s death, (iii) a change in control event of the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) or (iv) the date of the Participant s Separation from Service (the Payment Dates ), with each issuance to occur within thirty (30) days following the applicable Payment Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exact payment delivery date of any Award Shares shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and the Participant shall not have a right to designate the time of payment). 
 
 -1- 

a. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Disability or death or a Qualifying CIC Termination (as defined below), in each case, prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan, for purposes of this Award Agreement, a Disability shall only exist if the Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 a. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement (as defined below) on or following the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date (as defined below), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date, a number of Award Shares not vested at the time of such Termination of Service shall vest such that the total number of Award Shares vested with respect to this Award equals the total number of Award Shares, pro-rated based on (x) the number of days from the Grant Date through the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Service due to Retirement, divided by (y) 366 365 , and such pro-rata portion of the Award Shares shall not be forfeited. 
 
 a. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination (after taking into account any vesting that occurs in connection with Disability or death, Retirement or a Qualifying CIC Termination) shall be forfeited. 
 
 a. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (i) A Qualifying CIC Termination means the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, in either case, on or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). 
 
 (ii) Cause shall mean (i) the Participant s failure to competently perform the Participant s job or duties to the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, which failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Company to the Participant (b) any act of negligence or misconduct by the Participant that has had or is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or any of its business affairs, reputation, counterparties, employees, agents or vendors (c) the Participant s breach of any fiduciary duty or obligation to the Company (d) (A) the Participant s breach of any Company policy (including any code of conduct or harassment policies), which is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or (B) any breach by the Participant of an agreement with the Company (e) the Participant s commission of, indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude (f) the Participant s theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, or attempted theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or any of its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with any of them (g) any act of moral turpitude, dishonesty, or similar behavior by the Participant injurious to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company or (h) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of the Company or pertaining to any of its business or operations. 
 
 (iii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, without the Participant s prior written consent (i) a material reduction (at the direction of the Company) in the value of the Participant s total compensation package (salary, wages, bonus opportunity, equity or other long-term incentive award opportunities, and benefits) if such a reduction is not linked to the performance of the Company or one or more of its business units or subsidiaries or made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company or the applicable business unit or employing subsidiary or (ii) the relocation of the Participant s principal Company office to a location more than 25 miles from its location as of the date of the Participant s Participation Notice, except for required travel on the Company s business to the extent necessary to fulfill the Participant s obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Participant knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to 
 -2- 

cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of the Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 (iv) Grant Date means the date first written above in this Agreement. 
 
 (v) Retirement shall mean a Termination of Service due to retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) if such Termination of Service (i) occurs on or after the completion by the Participant of ten (10) years of employment with the Company (which need not be continuous) and (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an Employee equals or exceeds seventy (70) (in each case measured in years, rounded down to the nearest whole number). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, a Termination of Service shall only constitute a Retirement if the Participant provides the Company with at least insert # months written notice of his or her anticipated retirement (which notice period may be up to 12 months, based on the Participant s position with the Company at the time of such anticipated retirement). 
 
 (vi) Separation from Service shall mean the Participant s separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. 
 
 (vii) Vesting Date shall mean, with respect to an Award Share, each date on which the Award Share becomes vested in accordance with Section 3(a). 
 
 4. At-Will Employment . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation of the Participant to continue as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or on the part of the Company to continue the employment or other service relationship of the Participant with the Company. It is understood and agreed to by the Participant that the Award and participation in the Plan does not alter the at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company (subject to the terms of any separate employment agreement the Participant may have with the Company). The at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company can only be altered by a writing signed by both the Participant and the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company. 
 
 5. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Award Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or when deposited in a United States Post Office, postage prepaid, addressed, as appropriate, to the Participant either at the Participant s address set forth below or such other address as the Participant may designate in writing to the Company, and to the Company Attention Chief Legal Officer, at the Company s address or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Participant. 
 
 6. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 

7. Restrictive Covenants Arbitration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant s right to receive the Award Shares and any DER payments is subject to and conditioned upon the Participant s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Exhibit A attached hereto. In addition, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that any dispute arising with respect to this Award and this Award Agreement will be subject to the Alternative Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in an Employment and Confidentiality Agreement (or any other arbitration or alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreements) by and between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 8. Existing Agreements . This Award Agreement does not supersede nor does it modify any existing agreements between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 9. Incorporation of Plan . The Plan is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Award Agreement, and this Award Agreement is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 -3- 

10. Amendments . This Award Agreement may be amended or modified at any time by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 11. Withholding . The Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, amounts payable in respect of Award Shares in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations. Amounts which may be so withheld shall be no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory withholding rates in the Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income. 
 
 12. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and this Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent, and any provisions of this Award Agreement or the Plan that would cause the Award to fail to be exempt from or to satisfy the requirements for an effective deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall have no force and effect. Any right under this Award Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, no amounts shall be paid to the Participant under this Award Agreement during the six (6)-month period following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of such separation from service and that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Award Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of the Code without being subject to such additional taxes), the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump-sum all amounts that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such six (6)-month period under this Award Agreement. 
 
 Signature page follows.. . 

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Award Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. By Andrew P. Stone Chief Legal Officer & Secretary One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 
 
 The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement and to all the terms and provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference. 

First Name Last Name 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

-5- 

EXHIBIT A - Restrictive Covenants 
 
 1. Non-Disparagement . While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . While providing services to the Company and, for a period of one (1) year thereafter, the Participant shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company and its Affiliates or to cease to render services to any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant shall not use any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer, client, vendor, or other party doing business with any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . The Participant shall keep secret and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential, proprietary and non-public matters, tangible or intangible, of or related to the Company, its stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, fiduciaries, representatives, employees, licensees and agents including, without limitation, trade secrets, business strategies and operations, seller, counterparty and customer lists, manufacturers, vendors, material suppliers, financial information, personnel information, legal advice and counsel obtained from counsel, information regarding litigation, actual, pending or threatened, research and development, identities and habits of employees and agents and business relationships, and shall not disclose them to any person, entity or any federal, state or local agency or authority, except as may be required by law provided that, in the event disclosure is sought as a result of any subpoena or other legal process initiated against the Participant, the Participant shall immediately give the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice thereof in order to afford the Company an opportunity to contest such disclosure (such notice to be delivered to Redwood Trust, Inc., One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA, 94941, Attn Chief Legal Officer). 
 
 4. Exceptions . Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict the Participant from (i) making any disclosure of information required by law (ii) providing information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Company s Human Resources, Legal, or Compliance Departments (iii) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of any self-regulatory organization or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency (each a Governmental Agency ). Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Participant s right to receive an award for any information provided to a Governmental Agency in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant understands and acknowledges that the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

It is expressly agreed by Participant that each breach of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A is a distinct and material breach of the attached Award Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, notwithstanding any other terms of the attached Award Agreement, in addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that the Company shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions 
 A-1 

of any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreement between the undersigned and the Company. The Participant further agrees that, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief without the requirement to post any bond. The Company may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 The Participant understands that the restrictive covenants and other terms set forth in this Exhibit A are intended to protect the Company s (and its subsidiaries and affiliates established employee, customer, client, and or counterparty relations, and the general goodwill of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Participant and the Company agree that the covenants set forth in this Exhibit A are reasonable with respect to duration, geographical area, and scope. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit A is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit A shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. 
 A-2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 6
 rwtex1034q22.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.3 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 FORM OF 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT dated as of insert date (the Award Agreement ), by and between Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and First Name Last Name , an Employee, Consultant or non-employee Director of the Company (the Participant ). References to the Company herein shall include the subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined in Exhibit B). 
 
 Pursuant to the Redwood Trust, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Participant is to be granted an award of Performance Stock Units for shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein and on Exhibit A hereto (the Award ), and the Company hereby grants such Award. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Number of Performance Stock Units Awarded . This Award Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of a Performance Stock Unit Award with a target award of ______ shares of Common Stock, as the same may be adjusted to reflect cash dividends declared on the Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 (the Target Shares ). The number of units representing shares of Common Stock that vest pursuant to this Award (the Award Shares shall be determined based upon the Company s achievement of the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit A hereto (the Performance Goals and may range from zero percent (0 to two hundred fifty percent (250 of the Target Shares. 
 
 2. Effect of Dividends . On the last day of the Performance Period (as defined in Exhibit A (or, in the event the Performance Period ends due to a Change in Control, on the Change in Control date), the number of Target Shares set forth in Section 1 shall automatically be increased to reflect all cash dividends, if any, which have been declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during the period beginning on the date of this Award Agreement and ending on the last day of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) (such period, the Award Period ). On such date, the Target Shares shall be automatically increased by an aggregate number of shares determined by multiplying (x) the number of Target Shares set forth in Section 1 by (y) the Dividend Reinvestment Factor (as defined below) with respect to the Award Period. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Factor shall mean, with respect to the Company and a designated period of time, the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been acquired from the reinvestment of cash dividends, if any, which have been declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during such designated period of time, with respect to one share of Common Stock outstanding on the first day of such designated period of time. Such number of shares shall be determined cumulatively, for each cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time (beginning with the first such cash dividend with a record date during such designated period of time and continuing chronologically with each such subsequent cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time (and in each case other than the first such cash dividend, taking into account any increase in shares resulting from the application of this formula to the chronologically immediately preceding cash dividend)), by multiplying (i) the applicable number of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the record date of such cash dividend (which in the case of the first such cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time shall be one) by (ii) the per share amount of such cash dividend and dividing the product by the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the ex-dividend date with respect to such dividend. With respect to a Comparator Group Company, Dividend Reinvestment Factor shall be determined in a manner consistent with the foregoing, but in respect of such Comparator Group Company s common stock. 
 
 Any calculations made pursuant to this Section 2 shall contemplate any necessary adjustments to the number of Target Shares in accordance with Section 14.2 of the Plan in the event of a Change in Control. 

-1- 

In addition, in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan, following the end of the Performance Period (including if the Performance Period ends upon a Change in Control), the Participant will be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent (each, a DER for each earned Award Share, pursuant to which the Participant will be entitled to receive, pursuant to the Plan, an amount equal to the aggregate regular cash dividends with a record date occurring after the final date of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) and prior to the delivery and payment date of the Award Share that would have been payable to the Participant with respect to the share of Common Stock underlying the Award Share had it been outstanding on the applicable record date. DERs shall remain outstanding from the final date of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) until the earlier of the payment delivery or forfeiture of the underlying Award Share, at which point, the corresponding DER will be forfeited. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this paragraph shall be paid as and when the dividends in respect of which such DER payments arise are paid to holders of Common Stock, without regard to the vested status of the underlying Award Share. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this paragraph shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 Any amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Vesting and Payment Delivery of Award . Except as otherwise may be provided in Exhibit A under subclause (i) of Vesting (Change in Control) , the Award Shares shall vest as of January 1, 2026 , if at all, provided that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, whether and to what extent the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit A have been attained. In connection with such determination by the Committee and subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement (including Exhibit A ), the Participant shall be entitled to vesting of that portion of the Performance Stock Units as corresponds to the Performance Goals attained (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) as set forth on Exhibit A . 
 
 The Company shall pay and deliver to the Participant the Award Shares, to the extent vested, (i) within 45 days following April 1, 2026 or (ii) within 45 days following any vesting that occurs under the terms of paragraph (a)(ii) or paragraph (b) of the section captioned Vesting (Change in Control) within Exhibit A, whichever is earlier, subject to withholding in accordance with Section 13. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exact delivery payment date of any Award Shares shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and the Participant shall not have a right to designate the time of delivery payment). 
 
 4. Forfeiture of Performance Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Upon 
 
 (1) the Participant s Retirement (as defined below) prior to January 1, 2024 (or, if earlier, the expiration of the Performance Period), the Target Shares shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis to reflect (x) the number of days of employment completed during the period beginning on the date of this Agreement divided by (y) 365 366 (or, if less, the number of days in the Performance Period), and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on such prorated number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A or 
 
 (ii) the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee by the Company without Cause (as defined below) prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Shares shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis to reflect (x) the number of days of employment completed during the period beginning on first day of the Performance Period divided by (y) 1,095 1,096 (or, if less, the number of days in the Performance Period), and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on such prorated number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A . 
 
 (b) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee due to Retirement on or after January 1, 2024 , death or Disability (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, in accordance with such employment agreement in the case of a Termination of Service for Good Reason , as defined in such employment agreement) prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Shares shall not be reduced, and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on the number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A . Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan, for purposes of this Award Agreement, a Disability shall only exist if the Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (c) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee for any reason other than death, Disability, Retirement, or without Cause (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, for Good Reason), prior to expiration of the Performance Period, all Award Shares shall be forfeited. 
 
 -2- 

For purposes of this Award Agreement, Cause shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean (i) the Participant s failure to competently perform the Participant s job or duties to the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, which failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Company to the Participant (b) any act of negligence or misconduct by the Participant that has had or is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or any of its business affairs, reputation, counterparties, employees, agents or vendors (c) the Participant s breach of any fiduciary duty or obligation to the Company (d) (A) the Participant s breach of any Company policy (including any code of conduct or harassment policies), which is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or (B) any breach by the Participant of an agreement with the Company (e) the Participant s commission of, indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude (f) the Participant s theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, or attempted theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or any of its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with any of them (g) any act of moral turpitude, dishonesty, or similar behavior by the Participant injurious to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company or (h) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of the Company or pertaining to any of its business or operations. 
 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, Retirement shall mean a Termination of Service due to retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) if such Termination of Service (i) occurs on or after the completion by the Participant of ten (10) years of employment with the Company (which need not be continuous) and (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an Employee equals or exceeds seventy (70) (in each case measured in years, rounded down to the nearest whole number). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, a Termination of Service shall only constitute a Retirement if the Participant provides the Company with at least 12 months written notice of his or her anticipated retirement. 
 
 5. Adjustments . This Award and the Performance Goals shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 6. At-Will Employment . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation of the Participant to continue as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or on the part of the Company to continue the employment or other service relationship of the Participant with the Company. It is understood and agreed to by the Participant that the Award and participation in the Plan does not alter the at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company (subject to the terms of any separate employment agreement the Participant may have with the Company). The at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company can only be altered by a writing signed by both the Participant and the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company. 
 
 7. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Award Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or when deposited in a United States Post Office, postage prepaid, addressed, as appropriate, to the Participant either at the Participant s address set forth below or such other address as the Participant may designate in writing to the Company, and to the Company Attention General Counsel, at the Company s address or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Participant. 
 
 8. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants Arbitration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant s right to receive the Award Shares and any DER payments is subject to and conditioned upon the Participant s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Exhibit B attached hereto. In addition, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that any dispute arising with respect to this Award and this Award Agreement will be subject to the Alternative Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in an Employment and Confidentiality Agreement (or any other arbitration or alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreements) by and between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 10. Existing Agreements . This Award Agreement does not supersede nor does it modify any existing agreements between the Participant and the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company that includes provisions relating to the treatment of equity awards upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company, then (i) the terms of this Award Agreement shall supersede the terms of such employment agreement solely with respect to the treatment of the Performance Stock Unit award granted hereby upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company due to Retirement as defined herein and (ii) except as set forth on Exhibit A under Vesting (Change in Control) , 
 -3- 

the terms of such employment agreement shall supersede the terms of this Award Agreement solely with respect to the treatment of the Performance Stock Unit award granted hereby upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company for any other reason. 
 
 11. Incorporation of Plan . The Plan is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Award Agreement, and this Award Agreement is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 12. Amendments . This Award Agreement may be amended or modified at any time by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 13. Withholding . The Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, Award Shares or other compensation otherwise vesting or issuable under this Award in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations. The number of Award Shares which may be so withheld or surrendered shall be limited to the number of Award Shares which have a fair market value on the date of withholding no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory withholding rates in the Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income. 
 
 14. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and this Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent, and any provisions of this Award Agreement or the Plan that would cause the Award to fail to be exempt from or to satisfy the requirements for an effective deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall have no force and effect. Any right under this Award Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, no amounts shall be paid to the Participant under this Award Agreement during the six (6)-month period following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of such separation from service and that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Award Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of the Code without being subject to such additional taxes), the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump-sum all amounts that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such six (6)-month period under this Award Agreement. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 -4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Award Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 

By 

Andrew P. Stone 
 
 Chief Legal Officer 
 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 
 
 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement and to all the terms and provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference. 

First Name Last Name 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 
 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

-5- 

Exhibit A Performance Goals 
 
 Performance Period The period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the date of consummation of a Change in Control (the Performance Period ). 
 
 Performance Goals The number of Award Shares which will be eligible for vesting (the Eligible Award Shares ), if any, shall be determined based upon the Company s achievement during the Performance Period of cumulative book value total shareholder return, cumulative relative total shareholder return and cumulative absolute total shareholder return goals during the Performance Period, each as further described and defined below. 
 
 The number of Eligible Award Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor) shall be equal to sum of 
 
 (i) two-thirds of the total number of Target Shares multiplied by the bvTSR Vesting Percentage, plus 
 
 (ii) one-third of the total number of Target Shares multiplied by the rTSR Vesting Percentage 
 
 provided, however, that if the Company s TSR (as defined below) for the Performance Period is less than 0 , then the maximum number of Eligible Award Shares shall be 100 of the Target Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor) and provided further that, in no event shall the number of Eligible Award Shares exceed 250 or be less than 0 of the Target Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor). 
 
 The bvTSR Vesting Percentage shall be the percentage amount corresponding to the Company s achievement of bvTSR (as defined below) during the Performance Period, determined in accordance with the table below 
 
 bvTSR bvTSR Vesting Percentage Less than 50 of bvTSR Goal 0 50 of bvTSR Goal 50 100 of bvTSR Goal 100 150 or greater of bvTSR Goal 250 
 
 If the bvTSR performance results fall between two goals in the table above, the bvTSR Vesting Percentage shall be determined based on a straight-line, mathematical interpolation between the applicable amounts. 
 
 The rTSR Vesting Percentage shall be the percentage amount corresponding to the Company s achievement of rTSR (as defined below) during the Performance Period, determined in accordance with the table below 
 
 rTSR rTSR Vesting Percentage Less than 27.5th percentile 0 27.5th percentile 50 55th percentile 100 82.5th percentile or greater 250 
 
 If the rTSR performance results fall between two goals on the table above, the rTSR Vesting Percentage shall be determined based on a straight-line, mathematical interpolation between the applicable amounts. 
 
 For example, if (i) this Award covers 99 Target Shares, (ii) the Company s bvTSR during the Performance Period was 110 of the bvTSR Goal, and (iii) the Company s rTSR during the Performance Period was at the 68.75 th percentile, then the number of Eligible Award Shares would be equal to (130 of 66) plus (175 of 33), or 143.55 (assuming that the Company s TSR achieved during the Performance Period was not negative), prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor. 

A-2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and the Participant either (i) remains in continuous employment until immediately prior to such Change in Control or (ii) experienced a Termination of Service as an Employee prior to such Change in Control and the Award Shares are not subject to forfeiture in connection with such termination under Section 4(c) of this Award Agreement (including without limitation in connection with a Termination of Service by the Participant for Good Reason in accordance with the Participant s employment agreement), then the Performance Period will end upon such Change in Control, and the number of Eligible Award Shares will be determined by reference to (i) bvTSR being deemed equal to 100 of the bvTSR Goal and (ii) the Company s Relative TSR and TSR achieved during the shortened Performance Period. 
 
 For example, if (i) this Award covers 99 Target Shares, (ii) a Change in Control occurred one year after the commencement date of a Performance Period, and (iii) the Company s Relative TSR for such then-shortened Performance Period was at the 41.25 th percentile, then for purposes of determining the number of Eligible Award Shares, bvTSR would be deemed equal to 100 of the bvTSR Goal and the number of Eligible Award Shares would be equal to (100 of 66) plus (75 of 33), or 90.75 (assuming the Company s TSR acheived during such then-shortened Performance Period is not negative), prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor. 
 
 Vesting (Change in Control) 
 
 (a) If the Performance Period ends due to the occurrence of a Change in Control and 
 
 (1) the Participant remains in continuous employment until the date of such Change in Control, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest on January 1, 2026 , subject only to continued employment through such date. However, if the Participant experiences a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) upon or following such Change in Control but prior to or on January 1, 2026 , then any Eligible Award Shares shall vest as of immediately prior to such termination or 
 
 (2) the Participant experienced a Termination of Service as an Employee, prior to the date of the Change in Control, due to death, Disability, Retirement, or without Cause (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, for Good Reason), in any case, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall vest immediately prior to such Change in Control. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a successor corporation in a Change in Control refuses to assume or substitute for the Award, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall vest immediately prior to such Change in Control. 

Definitions 
 
 Acquisition-Related Accounting Items shall mean any of the following relating to business acquisitions undertaken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 
 (i) amortization of intangible assets recorded under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 
 
 (ii) changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded as part of purchase consideration under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 
 
 (iii) amortization of stock-based compensation expense recorded for shares of common stock (or other securities or similar instruments) issued in connection with, or related to, acquisitions and 
 
 (iv) other acquisition-related accounting items that are similar in nature to any of foregoing items and or the reversal of the impact of which would otherwise be consistent with the foregoing, in each case as determined by the Administrator. 

A-3 

bvTSR means the quotient, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing 
 
 (i) the sum of 
 
 (x) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the Valuation Date, plus 
 
 (y) the total of all cash dividends per share of Common Stock declared to all or substantially all holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during the Performance Period, minus 
 
 (z) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the beginning of the Performance Period 
 
 by, 
 
 (ii) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the beginning of the Performance Period. 
 
 bvTSR Goal means 25 . 
 
 Comparator Group Companies means only those entities that are set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (collectively, the Comparator Group provided, however , that if a Comparator Group Company is acquired or otherwise ceases to have a class of equity securities that is both registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and actively traded on a U.S. public securities market, such Comparator Group Company will be removed from the Comparator Group, or, in the event of an acquisition or Bankruptcy Event (as defined below), shall be deemed to have the Per Share Price as of such acquisition or Bankruptcy Event as set forth herein. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect as of an applicable date or during an applicable reporting period. 
 
 GAAP Book Value Per Share means, as of a specified date, book value per share of Common Stock, as determined in accordance with GAAP, as of such specified date (or, if such specified date does not fall on the final day of a calendar quarter (i.e., a March 31, June 30, September 30, or December 31), then as of the final day of the calendar quarter immediately preceding such specified date) as calculated in accordance with the same methodology used to report GAAP book value per share as of the final day of such calendar quarter within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as applicable, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission provided that 
 
 (i) to the extent there are changes in GAAP accounting principles (or the methods of applying any of them to the Company due to a change from one principle to another principle when there are two or more generally accepted accounting principles that apply or when the accounting principle formerly used is no longer generally accepted) on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period (collectively, GAAP Changes that result in recording, in accordance with GAAP, one or more one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings which, all other factors being equal, have an aggregate net impact on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings 
 
 (ii) to the extent there are changes to applicable tax laws or regulations or interpretations thereof (including the enactment or promulgations of new tax laws, regulations, or tax accounting methodologies or changes in the applicability of existing tax laws, regulations, or tax accounting methodologies to the Company) on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period (collectively, Tax Changes that result in recording, in accordance with GAAP, one or more one-time tax benefits or tax provisions which, all other factors being equal, have an aggregate net impact on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time tax benefits and tax provisions 

A-4 

(iii) to the extent there are GAAP Changes and Tax Changes subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period that have an aggregate impact (as determined under clauses (i) and (ii) above), all other factors being equal, on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings and such one-time tax benefits and tax provisions and 
 
 (iv) to the extent there are Acquisition-Related Accounting Items (defined above) recorded on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period that impact book value per share of Common Stock, as determined in accordance with GAAP, as of any specified date subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period, the GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the net impact of such Acquisition-Related Accounting Items. 
 
 Good Reason shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company. Following a Change in Control, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, without the Participant s prior written consent (i) a material reduction (at the direction of the Company) in the value of the Participant s total compensation package (salary, wages, bonus opportunity, equity or other long-term incentive award opportunities, and benefits) if such a reduction is not linked to the performance of the Company or one or more of its business units or subsidiaries or made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company or the applicable business unit or employing subsidiary or (ii) the relocation of the Participant s principal Company office to a location more than 25 miles from its location as of the date of the Participant s Participation Notice, except for required travel on the Company s business to the extent necessary to fulfill the Participant s obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Participant knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of the Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 Per Share Price means, with respect to the Company and any Comparator Group Company, the average of the closing prices of the applicable company s common stock during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days ending on the Valuation Date, adjusted to reflect the reinvestment of any cash dividends declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of such company s common stock with a record date during the calculation period provided, however , that for purposes of calculating the Company s Per Share Price in the event of a Change in Control, the Per Share Price shall be the price per share of Common Stock paid in connection with such Change in Control or, to the extent that the consideration in the Change in Control transaction is paid in stock of the acquiror or its affiliate, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator (including in connection with valuing any shares that are not publicly traded), Per Share Price shall mean the value of the consideration paid per share of Common Stock based on the average of the closing trading prices of a share of such acquiror stock on the principal exchange on which such shares are then traded for each trading day during the five consecutive trading days ending on and including the date on which a Change in Control occurs. 
 
 Qualifying Termination means the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee (i) due to the Participant s death, Disability or Retirement or (ii) upon or within 24 months following a Change in Control, either by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason. 
 
 Relative TSR or rTSR means, with respect to the Performance Period, the Company s TSR, as a percentile with respect to the range of TSRs of each of the Comparator Group Companies. 

A-5 

TSR means, for the Performance Period, the Company s or a Comparator Group Company s cumulative total shareholder return (rounded to the nearest hundredth), expressed as a percentage, determined as the quotient obtained by dividing 
 
 (A) the sum of 
 
 (x) the Per Share Price as of the Valuation Date, plus 
 
 (y) the Per Share Price as of the Valuation Date multiplied by the Dividend Reinvestment Factor with respect to the Performance Period, 
 
 by, 
 
 (B) the Designated Initial Share Price as of the first day of the Performance Period, as defined and set forth on Schedule I hereto with respect to the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies under the heading Designated Initial Share Price . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments in calculating TSR to reflect any dividends which may be declared or have a record date during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days prior to the end of the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 In addition, TSR for a Comparator Group Company will be deemed to be negative one hundred percent (-100 if the Comparator Group Company (i) files for bankruptcy, reorganization or liquidation under any chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (ii) is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding that is not dismissed within thirty (30) days or (iii) is the subject of a stockholder approved plan of liquidation or dissolution (the preceding clauses (i) through (iii) being collectively referred to herein as Bankruptcy Events ). 
 
 Valuation Date means December 31, 2025 provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to December 31, 2025 , the Valuation Date shall mean the date of the Change in Control. 

A-6 

Schedule I 
 
 Comparator Group Companies 
 
 The Designated Initial Share Price for the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies listed below, as of the first day of the Performance Period, is the average of the closing prices of the applicable company s common stock during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days beginning on the first trading day in the Performance Period, adjusted to reflect any cash dividends declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of such company s common stock with a record date during such 60-trading day period. 
 
 The Company and the Participant agree that upon the availability of the Designated Initial Share Price for the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies listed below, a replacement for this Schedule I shall be attached to this Award Agreement that inserts each of the Designated Initial Share Prices in the spaces provided below. 

Company Designated Initial Share Price 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) to be inserted when available 

Comparator Group Company Designated Initial Share Price 
 list of companies to be inserted at grant to be inserted when available 
 
 A-7 

Exhibit B - Restrictive Covenants 
 
 1. Non-Disparagement . While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . While providing services to the Company and, for a period of one (1) year thereafter, the Participant shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company and its Affiliates or to cease to render services to any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant shall not use any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer of, client of, vendor of, or other party doing business with any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . The Participant shall keep secret and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential, proprietary and non-public matters, tangible or intangible, of or related to the Company, its stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, fiduciaries, representatives, employees, licensees and agents including, without limitation, trade secrets, business strategies and operations, seller, counterparty and customer lists, manufacturers, vendors, material suppliers, financial information, personnel information, legal advice and counsel obtained from counsel, information regarding litigation, actual, pending or threatened, research and development, identities and habits of employees and agents and business relationships, and shall not disclose them to any person, entity or any federal, state or local agency or authority, except as may be required by law provided that, in the event disclosure is sought as a result of any subpoena or other legal process initiated against the Participant, the Participant shall immediately give the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice thereof in order to afford the Company an opportunity to contest such disclosure (such notice to be delivered to Redwood Trust, Inc., One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA, 94941, Attn Chief Legal Officer). 
 
 4. Exceptions . Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict the Participant from (i) making any disclosure of information required by law (ii) providing information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Company s Human Resources, Legal, or Compliance Departments (iii) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of any self-regulatory organization or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency (each a Governmental Agency ). Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Participant s right to receive an award for any information provided to a Governmental Agency in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant understands and acknowledges that the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

B-1 

It is expressly agreed by Participant that each breach of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A is a distinct and material breach of the attached Award Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, notwithstanding any other terms of the attached Award Agreement, in addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that the Company shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions of any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreement between the undersigned and the Company. The Participant further agrees that, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief without the requirement to post any bond. The Company may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 The Participant understands that the restrictive covenants and other terms set forth in this Exhibit A are intended to protect the Company s (and its subsidiaries and affiliates established employee, customer, client, and or counterparty relations, and the general goodwill of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Participant and the Company agree that the covenants set forth in this Exhibit A are reasonable with respect to duration, geographical area, and scope. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit A is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit A shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. 

B-2 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 7
 rwtex1044q22.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.4 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 FORM OF 
 DEFERRED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (CASH-SETTLED) 

DEFERRED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (CASH-SETTLED) dated as of the Date day of Month Year (the Award Agreement ), by and between Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and First Name Last Name , an Employee, Consultant or non-employee Director of the Company (the Participant ). References to the Company herein shall include the subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined in Exhibit A). 
 
 Pursuant to the Redwood Trust, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Participant is to be granted an award of Deferred Stock Units covering shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ), and the Company hereby grants such Award. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Number of Shares Awarded . This Award entitles the Participant to receive a cash payment in respect of Number of shares (_____) shares of Common Stock (the Award Shares ), following the expiration of the Restricted Period described below. 
 
 2. Dividends . In accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan, the number of Award Shares set forth in Section 1 shall not be adjusted to reflect the payment of regular cash dividends declared on Common Stock during the Restricted Period. The Participant will be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent (each, a DER for each Award Share pursuant to which the Participant will be entitled to receive, pursuant to the Plan, an amount equal to the aggregate regular cash dividends with a record date occurring after the Grant Date (as defined below) and prior to the date the Award Share is settled or forfeited that would have been payable to the Participant with respect to the share of Common Stock underlying the Award Share had it been outstanding on the applicable record date. DERs shall remain outstanding from the Grant Date until the earlier of the payment delivery or forfeiture of the underlying Award Share, at which point, the corresponding DER will be forfeited. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be paid as and when the dividends in respect of which such DER payments arise are paid to holders of Common Stock, without regard to the vested status of the underlying Award Share. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Vesting and Restricted Periods . 
 
 (1) The Award Shares shall vest on the following schedule 
 
 As of 1st year + 1 month anniversary of the date of this Award Agreement , 25 
 
 At the beginning of each subsequent calendar quarter (beginning January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 following the 1 st year anniversary of this Award Agreement, as applicable ), 6.25 and 
 
 All Award Shares shall be fully vested as of One day before the 4th year anniversary of the date of this Award Agreement . 
 
 Award Shares that have become vested pursuant to this Section 3 are referred to as Vested Award Shares . The period from the date of this Award to the applicable date or dates specified for delivery of such shares is referred to as the Restricted Period . Vested Award Shares shall not be forfeited in the event of the Participant s Termination of Service but shall remain outstanding to be settled by delivery payment of shares in accordance with Section 3(f), subject to withholding in accordance with Section 11. 

(2) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Disability or death or a Qualifying CIC Termination (as defined below), in each case, prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan, for purposes of this Award Agreement, a Disability shall only exist if the Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 -1- 

(3) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement (as defined below) on or following the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date (as defined below), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination shall immediately vest and shall not be forfeited. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to Retirement prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date, a number of Award Shares not vested at the time of such Termination of Service shall vest such that the total number of Award Shares vested with respect to this Award equals the total number of Award Shares, pro-rated based on (x) the number of days from the Grant Date through the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Service due to Retirement, divided by (y) 366 365 , and such pro-rata portion of the Award Shares shall not be forfeited. 
 
 (4) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service prior to the expiration of the vesting period in Section 3(a), any Award Shares not vested at the time of such termination (after taking into account any vesting that occurs in connection with Disability or death, Retirement or a Qualifying CIC Termination) shall be forfeited. 
 
 (5) The Restricted Period shall expire on the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. The Company shall pay to the Participant, in settlement of the Vested Award Shares, an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the last day of the Restricted Period multiplied by number of Vested Award Shares. Such settlement payment shall be made within 30 days following the first to occur of (i) a change in control event of the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (ii) the Participant s death, (iii) the Participant s separation from service from the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) and (iv) the last day of the Restricted Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exact settlement payment date of such amounts with respect to the Vested Award Shares shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and the Participant shall not have a right to designate the time of payment). 
 
 (6) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (i) A Qualifying CIC Termination means the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, in either case, on or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). 
 
 (ii) Cause shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean (i) the Participant s failure to competently perform the Participant s job or duties to the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, which failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Company to the Participant (b) any act of negligence or misconduct by the Participant that has had or is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or any of its business affairs, reputation, counterparties, employees, agents or vendors (c) the Participant s breach of any fiduciary duty or obligation to the Company (d) (A) the Participant s breach of any Company policy (including any code of conduct or harassment policies), which is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or (B) any breach by the Participant of an agreement with the Company (e) the Participant s commission of, indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude (f) the Participant s theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, or attempted theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or any of its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with any of them (g) any act of moral turpitude, dishonesty, or similar behavior by the Participant injurious to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company or (h) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of the Company or pertaining to any of its business or operations. 
 
 (iii) Good Reason shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, without the Participant s prior written consent (i) a material reduction (at the direction of the Company) in the value of the Participant s total compensation package (salary, wages, bonus opportunity, equity or other long-term incentive award opportunities, and benefits) if such a reduction is not linked to the performance of the Company or one or more of its business units or subsidiaries or made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company or the applicable business unit or employing subsidiary or (ii) the relocation of the Participant s principal Company office to a location more than 25 miles from its location as of the date of the Participant s Participation Notice, except for required travel on the Company s business to the extent necessary to fulfill the Participant s obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Participant knows or should reasonably 
 -2- 

have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of the Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 (iv) Grant Date means the date first written above in this Agreement. 
 
 (v) Retirement shall mean a Termination of Service due to retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) if such Termination of Service (i) occurs on or after the completion by the Participant of ten (10) years of employment with the Company (which need not be continuous) and (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an Employee equals or exceeds seventy (70) (in each case measured in years, rounded down to the nearest whole number). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, a Termination of Service shall only constitute a Retirement if the Participant provides the Company with at least 12 months written notice of his or her anticipated retirement. 
 
 4. At-Will Employment . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation of the Participant to continue as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or on the part of the Company to continue the employment or other service relationship of the Participant with the Company. It is understood and agreed to by the Participant that the Award and participation in the Plan does not alter the at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company (subject to the terms of any separate employment agreement the Participant may have with the Company). The at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company can only be altered by a writing signed by both the Participant and the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company. 
 
 5. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Award Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or when deposited in a United States Post Office, postage prepaid, addressed, as appropriate, to the Participant either at the Participant s address set forth below or such other address as the Participant may designate in writing to the Company, and to the Company Attention Chief Legal Officer, at the Company s address or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Participant. 
 
 6. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 

-3- 

7. Restrictive Covenants Arbitration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant s right to receive any compensation with respect to the Award Shares and any DER payments is subject to and conditioned upon the Participant s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Exhibit A attached hereto. In addition, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that any dispute arising with respect to this Award and this Award Agreement will be subject to the Alternative Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in an Employment and Confidentiality Agreement (or any other arbitration or alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreements) by and between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 8. Existing Agreements . This Award Agreement does not supersede nor does it modify any existing agreements between the Participant and the Company. 
 
 9. Incorporation of Plan . The Plan is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Award Agreement, and this Award Agreement is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 10. Amendments . This Award Agreement may be amended or modified at any time by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 11. Withholding . The Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, amounts payable in respect of Award Shares in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations. 
 
 12. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and this Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent, and any provisions of this Award Agreement or the Plan that would cause the Award to fail to be exempt from or to satisfy the requirements for an effective deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall have no force and effect. Any right under this Award Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, no amounts shall be paid to the Participant under this Award Agreement during the six (6)-month period following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of such separation from service and that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Award Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of the Code without being subject to such additional taxes), the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump-sum all amounts that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such six (6)-month period under this Award Agreement. 
 
 Signature page follows 

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Award Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. By Andrew P. Stone Chief Legal Officer & Secretary One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 
 
 The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement and to all the terms and provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference. 

First Name Last Name 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

-5- 

EXHIBIT A - Restrictive Covenants 
 
 1. Non-Disparagement . While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . While providing services to the Company and, for a period of one (1) year thereafter, the Participant shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company and its Affiliates or to cease to render services to any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant shall not use any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer, client, vendor, or other party doing business with any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . The Participant shall keep secret and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential, proprietary and non-public matters, tangible or intangible, of or related to the Company, its stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, fiduciaries, representatives, employees, licensees and agents including, without limitation, trade secrets, business strategies and operations, seller, counterparty and customer lists, manufacturers, vendors, material suppliers, financial information, personnel information, legal advice and counsel obtained from counsel, information regarding litigation, actual, pending or threatened, research and development, identities and habits of employees and agents and business relationships, and shall not disclose them to any person, entity or any federal, state or local agency or authority, except as may be required by law provided that, in the event disclosure is sought as a result of any subpoena or other legal process initiated against the Participant, the Participant shall immediately give the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice thereof in order to afford the Company an opportunity to contest such disclosure (such notice to be delivered to Redwood Trust, Inc., One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA, 94941, Attn Chief Legal Officer). 
 
 4. Exceptions . Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict the Participant from (i) making any disclosure of information required by law (ii) providing information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Company s Human Resources, Legal, or Compliance Departments (iii) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of any self-regulatory organization or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency (each a Governmental Agency ). Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Participant s right to receive an award for any information provided to a Governmental Agency in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant understands and acknowledges that the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

It is expressly agreed by Participant that each breach of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A is a distinct and material breach of the attached Award Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, notwithstanding any other terms of the attached Award Agreement, in 
 A-1 

addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that the Company shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions of any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreement between the undersigned and the Company. The Participant further agrees that, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief without the requirement to post any bond. The Company may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 The Participant understands that the restrictive covenants and other terms set forth in this Exhibit A are intended to protect the Company s (and its subsidiaries and affiliates established employee, customer, client, and or counterparty relations, and the general goodwill of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Participant and the Company agree that the covenants set forth in this Exhibit A are reasonable with respect to duration, geographical area, and scope. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit A is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit A shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. 
 
 A-2 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 8
 rwtex1054q22.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.5 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 FORM OF 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (CASH-SETTLED) 
 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (CASH-SETTLED) dated as of the Date day of Month Year (the Award Agreement ), by and between Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and First Name Last Name , an Employee, Consultant or non-employee Director of the Company (the Participant ). References to the Company herein shall include the subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined in Exhibit B). 
 
 Pursuant to the Redwood Trust, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Award Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Participant is to be granted an award of Performance Stock Units covering shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein and on Exhibit A hereto (the Award ), and the Company hereby grants such Award. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Number of Performance Stock Units Awarded . This Award Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of a cash-settled Performance Stock Unit Award with a target award in respect of ______ shares of Common Stock, as the same may be adjusted to reflect cash dividends declared on the Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 (the Target Shares ), and which entitles the Participant receive a cash payment in respect of the number of units representing shares of Common Stock that vest pursuant to this Award (the Award Shares ), which vesting shall be determined based upon the Company s achievement of the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit A hereto (the Performance Goals and may range from zero percent (0 to two hundred fifty percent (250 of the Target Shares. 
 
 2. Effect of Dividends . On the last day of the Performance Period (as defined in Exhibit A (or, in the event the Performance Period ends due to a Change in Control, on the Change in Control date), the number of Target Shares set forth in Section 1 shall automatically be increased to reflect all cash dividends, if any, which have been declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during the period beginning on the date of this Award Agreement and ending on the last day of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) (such period, the Award Period ). On such date, the Target Shares shall be automatically increased by an aggregate number of shares determined by multiplying (x) the number of Target Shares set forth in Section 1 by (y) the Dividend Reinvestment Factor (as defined below) with respect to the Award Period. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Factor shall mean, with respect to the Company and a designated period of time, the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been acquired from the reinvestment of cash dividends, if any, which have been declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during such designated period of time, with respect to one share of Common Stock outstanding on the first day of such designated period of time. Such number of shares shall be determined cumulatively, for each cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time (beginning with the first such cash dividend with a record date during such designated period of time and continuing chronologically with each such subsequent cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time (and in each case other than the first such cash dividend, taking into account any increase in shares resulting from the application of this formula to the chronologically immediately preceding cash dividend)), by multiplying (i) the applicable number of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the record date of such cash dividend (which in the case of the first such cash dividend declared with a record date during such designated period of time shall be one) by (ii) the per share amount of such cash dividend and dividing the product by the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the ex-dividend date with respect to such dividend. With respect to a Comparator Group Company, Dividend Reinvestment Factor shall be determined in a manner consistent with the foregoing, but in respect of such Comparator Group Company s common stock. 

Any calculations made pursuant to this Section 2 shall contemplate any necessary adjustments to the number of Target Shares in accordance with Section 14.2 of the Plan in the event of a Change in Control. 

-1- 

In addition, in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan, following the end of the Performance Period (including if the Performance Period ends upon a Change in Control), the Participant will be entitled to a Dividend Equivalent (each, a DER for each earned Award Share, pursuant to which the Participant will be entitled to receive, pursuant to the Plan, an amount equal to the aggregate regular cash dividends with a record date occurring after the final date of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) and prior to the settlement and payment date of the Award Share that would have been payable to the Participant with respect to the share of Common Stock underlying the Award Share had it been outstanding on the applicable record date. DERs shall remain outstanding from the final date of the Performance Period (or Change in Control date, as applicable) until the earlier of the payment settlement or forfeiture of the underlying Award Share, at which point, the corresponding DER will be forfeited. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this paragraph shall be paid as and when the dividends in respect of which such DER payments arise are paid to holders of Common Stock, without regard to the vested status of the underlying Award Share. Any DER amounts that may become payable in respect of this paragraph shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 Any amounts that may become payable in respect of this Section 2 shall be treated separately from the Award Shares and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Vesting and Payment of Award . Except as otherwise may be provided in Exhibit A under subclause (i) of Vesting (Change in Control) , the Award Shares shall vest as of January 1, 2026 , if at all, provided that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, whether and to what extent the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit A have been attained. In connection with such determination by the Committee and subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement (including Exhibit A ), the Participant shall be entitled to vesting of that portion of the Performance Stock Units as corresponds to the Performance Goals attained (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) as set forth on Exhibit A . 
 
 The Company shall pay to the Participant in settlement of the Award Shares, to the extent vested, an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the applicable payment date multiplied by the number of vested Award Shares settled on such payment date, with such payment to be made (i) within 45 days following April 1, 2026 or (ii) within 45 days following any vesting that occurs under the terms of paragraph (a)(ii) or paragraph (b) of the section captioned Vesting (Change in Control) within Exhibit A, whichever is earlier, subject to withholding in accordance with Section 13. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exact payment date in settlement of any vested Award Shares shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and the Participant shall not have a right to designate the time of payment). 
 
 4. Forfeiture of Performance Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Upon 
 
 (1) the Participant s Retirement (as defined below) prior to January 1, 2024 (or, if earlier, the expiration of the Performance Period), the Target Shares shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis to reflect (x) the number of days of employment completed during the period beginning on the date of this Agreement divided by (y) 365 366 (or, if less, the number of days in the Performance Period), and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on such prorated number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A or 
 
 (ii) the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee by the Company without Cause (as defined below) prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Shares shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis to reflect (x) the number of days of employment completed during the period beginning on first day of the Performance Period divided by (y) 1,095 1,096 (or, if less, the number of days in the Performance Period), and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on such prorated number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A . 
 
 (b) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee due to Retirement on or after January 1, 2024 , death or Disability (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, in accordance with such employment agreement in the case of a Termination of Service for Good Reason , as defined in such employment agreement) prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Shares shall not be reduced, and the Award shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on the number of Target Shares and the Performance Goals in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit A . Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan, for purposes of this Award Agreement, a Disability shall only exist if the Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

-2- 

(c) Upon the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee for any reason other than death, Disability, Retirement, or without Cause (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, for Good Reason), prior to expiration of the Performance Period, all Award Shares shall be forfeited. 
 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, Cause shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company or, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, shall mean (i) the Participant s failure to competently perform the Participant s job or duties to the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, which failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Company to the Participant (b) any act of negligence or misconduct by the Participant that has had or is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or any of its business affairs, reputation, counterparties, employees, agents or vendors (c) the Participant s breach of any fiduciary duty or obligation to the Company (d) (A) the Participant s breach of any Company policy (including any code of conduct or harassment policies), which is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on, or has injured or harmed or is reasonably likely to injure or harm, the Company or (B) any breach by the Participant of an agreement with the Company (e) the Participant s commission of, indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude (f) the Participant s theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, or attempted theft, misappropriation, or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or any of its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with any of them (g) any act of moral turpitude, dishonesty, or similar behavior by the Participant injurious to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company or (h) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of the Company or pertaining to any of its business or operations. 
 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, Retirement shall mean a Termination of Service due to retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) if such Termination of Service (i) occurs on or after the completion by the Participant of ten (10) years of employment with the Company (which need not be continuous) and (ii) the sum of the Participant s age and years of service as an Employee equals or exceeds seventy (70) (in each case measured in years, rounded down to the nearest whole number). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, a Termination of Service shall only constitute a Retirement if the Participant provides the Company with at least 12 months written notice of his or her anticipated retirement. 
 
 5. Adjustments . This Award and the Performance Goals shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 6. At-Will Employment . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation of the Participant to continue as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or on the part of the Company to continue the employment or other service relationship of the Participant with the Company. It is understood and agreed to by the Participant that the Award and participation in the Plan does not alter the at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company (subject to the terms of any separate employment agreement the Participant may have with the Company). The at-will nature of the Participant s relationship with the Company can only be altered by a writing signed by both the Participant and the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company. 
 
 7. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under this Award Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally, or when deposited in a United States Post Office, postage prepaid, addressed, as appropriate, to the Participant either at the Participant s address set forth below or such other address as the Participant may designate in writing to the Company, and to the Company Attention General Counsel, at the Company s address or such other address as the Company may designate in writing to the Participant. 
 
 8. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants Arbitration . The Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant s right to receive any compensation with respect to the Award Shares and any DER payments is subject to and conditioned upon the Participant s continued compliance with the restrictive covenants contained in Exhibit B attached hereto. In addition, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that any dispute arising with respect to this Award and this Award Agreement will be subject to the Alternative Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in an Employment and Confidentiality Agreement (or any other arbitration or alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreements) by and between the Participant and the Company. 

-3- 

10. Existing Agreements . This Award Agreement does not supersede nor does it modify any existing agreements between the Participant and the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company that includes provisions relating to the treatment of equity awards upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company, then (i) the terms of this Award Agreement shall supersede the terms of such employment agreement solely with respect to the treatment of the Performance Stock Unit award granted hereby upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company due to Retirement as defined herein and (ii) except as set forth on Exhibit A under Vesting (Change in Control) , the terms of such employment agreement shall supersede the terms of this Award Agreement solely with respect to the treatment of the Performance Stock Unit award granted hereby upon termination of the Participant s employment with the Company for any other reason. 
 
 11. Incorporation of Plan . The Plan is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Award Agreement, and this Award Agreement is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 12. Amendments . This Award Agreement may be amended or modified at any time by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 13. Withholding . The Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, compensation otherwise vesting or payable under this Award in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations. 
 
 14. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and this Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent, and any provisions of this Award Agreement or the Plan that would cause the Award to fail to be exempt from or to satisfy the requirements for an effective deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall have no force and effect. Any right under this Award Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, no amounts shall be paid to the Participant under this Award Agreement during the six (6)-month period following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent that the Administrator determines that the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of such separation from service and that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Award Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of the Code without being subject to such additional taxes), the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump-sum all amounts that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such six (6)-month period under this Award Agreement. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 
 -4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Award Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
 
 REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 

By 

Andrew P. Stone 
 
 Chief Legal Officer 
 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 
 
 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

The undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement and to all the terms and provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference. 

First Name Last Name 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 
 Mill Valley, CA 94941 

-5- 

Exhibit A Performance Goals 
 
 Performance Period The period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the date of consummation of a Change in Control (the Performance Period ). 
 
 Performance Goals The number of Award Shares which will be eligible for vesting (the Eligible Award Shares ), if any, shall be determined based upon the Company s achievement during the Performance Period of cumulative book value total shareholder return, cumulative relative total shareholder return and cumulative absolute total shareholder return goals during the Performance Period, each as further described and defined below. 
 
 The number of Eligible Award Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor) shall be equal to sum of 
 
 (i) two-thirds of the total number of Target Shares multiplied by the bvTSR Vesting Percentage, plus 
 
 (ii) one-third of the total number of Target Shares multiplied by the rTSR Vesting Percentage 
 
 provided, however, that if the Company s TSR (as defined below) for the Performance Period is less than 0 , then the maximum number of Eligible Award Shares shall be 100 of the Target Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor) and provided further that, in no event shall the number of Eligible Award Shares exceed 250 or be less than 0 of the Target Shares (prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor). 
 
 The bvTSR Vesting Percentage shall be the percentage amount corresponding to the Company s achievement of bvTSR (as defined below) during the Performance Period, determined in accordance with the table below 
 
 bvTSR bvTSR Vesting Percentage Less than 50 of bvTSR Goal 0 50 of bvTSR Goal 50 100 of bvTSR Goal 100 150 or greater of bvTSR Goal 250 
 
 If the bvTSR performance results fall between two goals in the table above, the bvTSR Vesting Percentage shall be determined based on a straight-line, mathematical interpolation between the applicable amounts. 
 
 The rTSR Vesting Percentage shall be the percentage amount corresponding to the Company s achievement of rTSR (as defined below) during the Performance Period, determined in accordance with the table below 
 
 rTSR rTSR Vesting Percentage Less than 27.5th percentile 0 27.5th percentile 50 55th percentile 100 82.5th percentile or greater 250 
 
 If the rTSR performance results fall between two goals on the table above, the rTSR Vesting Percentage shall be determined based on a straight-line, mathematical interpolation between the applicable amounts. 
 
 For example, if (i) this Award covers 99 Target Shares, (ii) the Company s bvTSR during the Performance Period was 110 of the bvTSR Goal, and (iii) the Company s rTSR during the Performance Period was at the 68.75 th percentile, then the number of Eligible Award Shares would be equal to (130 of 66) plus (175 of 33), or 143.55 (assuming that the Company s TSR achieved during the Performance Period was not negative), prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor. 

A-2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and the Participant either (i) remains in continuous employment until immediately prior to such Change in Control or (ii) experienced a Termination of Service as an Employee prior to such Change in Control and the Award Shares are not subject to forfeiture in connection with such termination under Section 4(c) of this Award Agreement (including without limitation in connection with a Termination of Service by the Participant for Good Reason in accordance with the Participant s employment agreement), then the Performance Period will end upon such Change in Control, and the number of Eligible Award Shares will be determined by reference to (i) bvTSR being deemed equal to 100 of the bvTSR Goal and (ii) the Company s Relative TSR and TSR achieved during the shortened Performance Period. 
 
 For example, if (i) this Award covers 99 Target Shares, (ii) a Change in Control occurred one year after the commencement date of a Performance Period, and (iii) the Company s Relative TSR for such then-shortened Performance Period was at the 41.25 th percentile, then for purposes of determining the number of Eligible Award Shares, bvTSR would be deemed equal to 100 of the bvTSR Goal and the number of Eligible Award Shares would be equal to (100 of 66) plus (75 of 33), or 90.75 (assuming the Company s TSR acheived during such then-shortened Performance Period is not negative), prior to the application of any Dividend Reinvestment Factor. 
 
 Vesting (Change in Control) 
 
 (a) If the Performance Period ends due to the occurrence of a Change in Control and 
 
 (1) the Participant remains in continuous employment until the date of such Change in Control, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest on January 1, 2026 , subject only to continued employment through such date. However, if the Participant experiences a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) upon or following such Change in Control but prior to or on January 1, 2026 , then any Eligible Award Shares shall vest as of immediately prior to such termination or 
 
 (2) the Participant experienced a Termination of Service as an Employee, prior to the date of the Change in Control, due to death, Disability, Retirement, or without Cause (or, if the Participant is party to an employment agreement with the Company, for Good Reason), in any case, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall vest immediately prior to such Change in Control. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a successor corporation in a Change in Control refuses to assume or substitute for the Award, then any Eligible Award Shares that become eligible for vesting due to the Change in Control shall vest immediately prior to such Change in Control. 

Definitions 
 
 Acquisition-Related Accounting Items shall mean any of the following relating to business acquisitions undertaken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
 
 (i) amortization of intangible assets recorded under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 
 
 (ii) changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded as part of purchase consideration under the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 
 
 (iii) amortization of stock-based compensation expense recorded for shares of common stock (or other securities or similar instruments) issued in connection with, or related to, acquisitions and 
 
 (iv) other acquisition-related accounting items that are similar in nature to any of foregoing items and or the reversal of the impact of which would otherwise be consistent with the foregoing, in each case as determined by the Administrator. 

A-3 

bvTSR means the quotient, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing 
 
 (i) the sum of 
 
 (x) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the Valuation Date, plus 
 
 (y) the total of all cash dividends per share of Common Stock declared to all or substantially all holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock with a record date during the Performance Period, minus 
 
 (z) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the beginning of the Performance Period 
 
 by, 
 
 (ii) GAAP Book Value Per Share as of the beginning of the Performance Period. 
 
 bvTSR Goal means 25 . 
 
 Comparator Group Companies means only those entities that are set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (collectively, the Comparator Group provided, however , that if a Comparator Group Company is acquired or otherwise ceases to have a class of equity securities that is both registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and actively traded on a U.S. public securities market, such Comparator Group Company will be removed from the Comparator Group, or, in the event of an acquisition or Bankruptcy Event (as defined below), shall be deemed to have the Per Share Price as of such acquisition or Bankruptcy Event as set forth herein. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect as of an applicable date or during an applicable reporting period. 
 
 GAAP Book Value Per Share means, as of a specified date, book value per share of Common Stock, as determined in accordance with GAAP, as of such specified date (or, if such specified date does not fall on the final day of a calendar quarter (i.e., a March 31, June 30, September 30, or December 31), then as of the final day of the calendar quarter immediately preceding such specified date) as calculated in accordance with the same methodology used to report GAAP book value per share as of the final day of such calendar quarter within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as applicable, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission provided that 
 
 (i) to the extent there are changes in GAAP accounting principles (or the methods of applying any of them to the Company due to a change from one principle to another principle when there are two or more generally accepted accounting principles that apply or when the accounting principle formerly used is no longer generally accepted) on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period (collectively, GAAP Changes that result in recording, in accordance with GAAP, one or more one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings which, all other factors being equal, have an aggregate net impact on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings 
 
 (ii) to the extent there are changes to applicable tax laws or regulations or interpretations thereof (including the enactment or promulgations of new tax laws, regulations, or tax accounting methodologies or changes in the applicability of existing tax laws, regulations, or tax accounting methodologies to the Company) on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period (collectively, Tax Changes that result in recording, in accordance with GAAP, one or more one-time tax benefits or tax provisions which, all other factors being equal, have an aggregate net impact on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time tax benefits and tax provisions 

A-4 

(iii) to the extent there are GAAP Changes and Tax Changes subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period that have an aggregate impact (as determined under clauses (i) and (ii) above), all other factors being equal, on GAAP Book Value Per Share as of a specified date of more than 0.10 per share, then GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the aggregate net impact of such one-time cumulative effect adjustments to retained earnings and such one-time tax benefits and tax provisions and 
 
 (iv) to the extent there are Acquisition-Related Accounting Items (defined above) recorded on or subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period that impact book value per share of Common Stock, as determined in accordance with GAAP, as of any specified date subsequent to the first date of the Performance Period, the GAAP Book Value Per Share for such specified date shall be deemed equal to GAAP Book Value Per Share calculated as of such specified date after reversing the net impact of such Acquisition-Related Accounting Items. 
 
 Good Reason shall have such meaning defined in the Participant s employment agreement with the Company. Following a Change in Control, if no such agreement exists or does exist but does not contain such a definition, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, without the Participant s prior written consent (i) a material reduction (at the direction of the Company) in the value of the Participant s total compensation package (salary, wages, bonus opportunity, equity or other long-term incentive award opportunities, and benefits) if such a reduction is not linked to the performance of the Company or one or more of its business units or subsidiaries or made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company or the applicable business unit or employing subsidiary or (ii) the relocation of the Participant s principal Company office to a location more than 25 miles from its location as of the date of the Participant s Participation Notice, except for required travel on the Company s business to the extent necessary to fulfill the Participant s obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Participant knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of the Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 Per Share Price means, with respect to the Company and any Comparator Group Company, the average of the closing prices of the applicable company s common stock during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days ending on the Valuation Date, adjusted to reflect the reinvestment of any cash dividends declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of such company s common stock with a record date during the calculation period provided, however , that for purposes of calculating the Company s Per Share Price in the event of a Change in Control, the Per Share Price shall be the price per share of Common Stock paid in connection with such Change in Control or, to the extent that the consideration in the Change in Control transaction is paid in stock of the acquiror or its affiliate, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator (including in connection with valuing any shares that are not publicly traded), Per Share Price shall mean the value of the consideration paid per share of Common Stock based on the average of the closing trading prices of a share of such acquiror stock on the principal exchange on which such shares are then traded for each trading day during the five consecutive trading days ending on and including the date on which a Change in Control occurs. 
 
 Qualifying Termination means the Participant s Termination of Service as an Employee (i) due to the Participant s death, Disability or Retirement or (ii) upon or within 24 months following a Change in Control, either by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason. 
 
 Relative TSR or rTSR means, with respect to the Performance Period, the Company s TSR, as a percentile with respect to the range of TSRs of each of the Comparator Group Companies. 

A-5 

TSR means, for the Performance Period, the Company s or a Comparator Group Company s cumulative total shareholder return (rounded to the nearest hundredth), expressed as a percentage, determined as the quotient obtained by dividing 
 
 (A) the sum of 
 
 (x) the Per Share Price as of the Valuation Date, plus 
 
 (y) the Per Share Price as of the Valuation Date multiplied by the Dividend Reinvestment Factor with respect to the Performance Period, 
 
 by, 
 
 (B) the Designated Initial Share Price as of the first day of the Performance Period, as defined and set forth on Schedule I hereto with respect to the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies under the heading Designated Initial Share Price . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments in calculating TSR to reflect any dividends which may be declared or have a record date during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days prior to the end of the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 In addition, TSR for a Comparator Group Company will be deemed to be negative one hundred percent (-100 if the Comparator Group Company (i) files for bankruptcy, reorganization or liquidation under any chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (ii) is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding that is not dismissed within thirty (30) days or (iii) is the subject of a stockholder approved plan of liquidation or dissolution (the preceding clauses (i) through (iii) being collectively referred to herein as Bankruptcy Events ). 
 
 Valuation Date means December 31, 2025 provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to December 31, 2025 , the Valuation Date shall mean the date of the Change in Control. 

A-6 

Schedule I 
 
 Comparator Group Companies 
 
 The Designated Initial Share Price for the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies listed below, as of the first day of the Performance Period, is the average of the closing prices of the applicable company s common stock during the sixty (60) consecutive trading days beginning on the first trading day in the Performance Period, adjusted to reflect any cash dividends declared to all or substantially all holders of the outstanding shares of such company s common stock with a record date during such 60-trading day period. 
 
 The Company and the Participant agree that upon the availability of the Designated Initial Share Price for the Company and each of the Comparator Group Companies listed below, a replacement for this Schedule I shall be attached to this Award Agreement that inserts each of the Designated Initial Share Prices in the spaces provided below. 

Company Designated Initial Share Price 
 Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) to be inserted when available 

Comparator Group Company Designated Initial Share Price 
 list of companies to be inserted at grant to be inserted when available 
 
 A-7 

Exhibit B - Restrictive Covenants 
 
 1. Non-Disparagement . While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 
 2. Non-Solicitation . While providing services to the Company and, for a period of one (1) year thereafter, the Participant shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company and its Affiliates or to cease to render services to any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. While providing services to the Company and thereafter, the Participant shall not use any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer of, client of, vendor of, or other party doing business with any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from any of the Company and its subsidiaries or Affiliates and the Participant shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. 
 
 3. Confidentiality . The Participant shall keep secret and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential, proprietary and non-public matters, tangible or intangible, of or related to the Company, its stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, fiduciaries, representatives, employees, licensees and agents including, without limitation, trade secrets, business strategies and operations, seller, counterparty and customer lists, manufacturers, vendors, material suppliers, financial information, personnel information, legal advice and counsel obtained from counsel, information regarding litigation, actual, pending or threatened, research and development, identities and habits of employees and agents and business relationships, and shall not disclose them to any person, entity or any federal, state or local agency or authority, except as may be required by law provided that, in the event disclosure is sought as a result of any subpoena or other legal process initiated against the Participant, the Participant shall immediately give the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice thereof in order to afford the Company an opportunity to contest such disclosure (such notice to be delivered to Redwood Trust, Inc., One Belvedere Place, Suite 300, Mill Valley, CA, 94941, Attn Chief Legal Officer). 
 
 4. Exceptions . Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict the Participant from (i) making any disclosure of information required by law (ii) providing information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Company s Human Resources, Legal, or Compliance Departments (iii) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of any self-regulatory organization or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency (each a Governmental Agency ). Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Participant s right to receive an award for any information provided to a Governmental Agency in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Participant understands and acknowledges that the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

B-1 

It is expressly agreed by Participant that each breach of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A is a distinct and material breach of the attached Award Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, notwithstanding any other terms of the attached Award Agreement, in addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the restrictive covenants set forth in this Exhibit A, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that the Company shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions of any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution provisions or agreement between the undersigned and the Company. The Participant further agrees that, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief without the requirement to post any bond. The Company may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 The Participant understands that the restrictive covenants and other terms set forth in this Exhibit A are intended to protect the Company s (and its subsidiaries and affiliates established employee, customer, client, and or counterparty relations, and the general goodwill of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Participant and the Company agree that the covenants set forth in this Exhibit A are reasonable with respect to duration, geographical area, and scope. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit A is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit A shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. 

B-2 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.35>
 9
 rwtex10354q22.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.35 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement ), effective as of February 24, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and between Fred J. Matera (the Executive and Redwood Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and amends and restates in its entirety that certain Employment Agreement by and between the Executive and the Company dated December 1, 2020 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 
 The Company desires to establish its right to the continued services of the Executive, in the capacity, on the terms and conditions, and subject to the rights of termination hereinafter set forth, and the Executive is willing to accept such continued employment in such capacity, on such terms and conditions, and subject to such rights of termination. 
 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, the Executive and the Company have agreed and do hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment and Responsibilities. During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the sole Chief Investment Officer of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with responsibilities, duties and authority customary for such position and with a principal Company office of Executive in Englewood, Colorado. The Executive does hereby accept and agree to such continued employment. The Chief Executive Officer may, from time to time, in his sole discretion, modify, reassign and or augment the Executive s responsibilities, subject to prior approval by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), and any such modification, reassignment and or augmentation shall be deemed a waiver by the Executive of his rights under Section 6(e)(i) hereof only with his express prior written consent. Any such modification, reassignment or augmentation of responsibilities shall be in writing. The Executive shall devote such time, energy and skill to the performance of his duties for the Company and for the benefit of the Company as may be necessary or required for the effective conduct and operation of the Company s business. 
 
 2. Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement (the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through December 31, 2023 provided, however, that (i) on January 1, 2024 and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than three months prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term and (ii) such one year extensions of the Term shall not occur on and after the January 1 of the year in which the Executive will attain age sixty-five (65) but instead the Term shall be extended only until the date of the Executive s sixty-fifth (65th) birthday. 

3. Compensation. 
 (a) Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive, and the Executive agrees to accept from the Company, in payment for his services to the Company a base salary (the Base Salary at the rate of not less than 775,000 per year, paid in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company subject to annual review and increase by the Board in its sole discretion (or by the Board s separately designated Compensation Committee in its sole discretion). For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Board in this Section 3 shall include the Board s separately designated Compensation Committee. 
 
 (b) Performance Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus. The Board in its discretion will determine whether such annual bonus will be paid, the amount of such bonus and its form of payment. The Executive s target annual bonus amount is 185 of his Base Salary or such greater amount as may subsequently be established by the Board (the Target Bonus ). During the first ninety (90) days of each calendar year, the Board, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, shall establish the performance goals applicable to such year s annual bonus opportunity, as well as the framework for awarding an annual bonus that is higher or lesser than the Target Bonus. Such criteria shall be established by the Board, after consultation with the Executive, and pursuant to a process that is consistent with past practice. If the Board determines in its discretion that the Executive s performance meets or exceeds the criteria established by the Board for the award of a Target Bonus, the Board may award the Executive the Target Bonus or a higher amount. Likewise, if the Board determines in its discretion that the Executive s performance does not meet said criteria, the Board may award a lesser amount, or no bonus may be awarded. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Executive s eligibility to receive any bonus under this paragraph shall be expressly conditioned on, among other things, the Executive remaining employed with the Company up through any designated distribution date set by the Board. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit D attached hereto), immediately prior to such Change of Control the Company shall be obligated to pay the Executive (A) when such Change of Control occurs during a calendar year in respect of which no annual bonus has yet been paid, a pro-rated annual bonus for such calendar year, based on the number of days in such calendar year prior to the Change of Control and (B) when such Change of Control occurs after the conclusion of a calendar year in respect of which no annual bonus has yet been paid (i.e., such Change of Control occurs after December 31st, but before the designated payment date for the annual bonus in respect of such completed calendar year), an annual bonus for such completed calendar year. In the case of both of the preceding clauses (A) and (B), such amounts shall each be separately subject to any cap on Executive s annual bonus previously established by the Board (or any committee thereof) and shall each be determined in accordance with the criteria most recently designated by the Board (or any committee thereof) for the determination of such amounts, as follows (I) any portion of the annual bonus amounts that had been previously designated by the Board (or any committee thereof) to be determined relative to the achievement of criteria measuring the financial performance of the Company with respect to a calendar year, shall be paid in amounts based on the attainment of such criteria (on an annualized basis, if in respect of less than a full calendar year), through the date immediately prior to such Change of Control (or, 

-2- 

as applicable, through the end of any such completed calendar year) and in accordance with the methodology previously approved by the Board (or any committee thereof) for payment of such amounts of annual bonus (i.e., an amount at, higher, or lower than the target amounts for such portions of annual bonus) and (II) any portion of the annual bonus amounts that had been previously designated by the Board (or any committee thereof) to be determined relative to the achievement of criteria measuring the individual performance of the Executive, shall be paid in amounts equal to the target amount of such portion of the Executive s annual bonus. 
 
 (c) Equity Incentive Awards. The Executive shall be eligible to receive grants of equity-based long-term incentive awards, which may include options to purchase Company stock, performance or restricted stock units and Company restricted stock contributions to Company s deferred compensation plan, or other equity-based awards. Such awards shall be determined in the discretion of the Board and the Executive shall be eligible for consideration for such awards in the same manner as other senior executive officers of the Company. In the event of a Change of Control in which the surviving or acquiring corporation does not assume the Executive s outstanding equity-related awards (including options and equity-based awards granted both before and after the Effective Date) or substitute similar equity-related awards of substantially equivalent value, such equity-related awards shall immediately vest and become exercisable if the Executive s service with the Company has not terminated before the effective date of the Change of Control provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall only apply if the Company is not the surviving corporation or if shares of the Company s common stock are converted into or exchanged for other securities or cash. 
 
 (d) Annual Review. The Executive s performance shall be reviewed periodically. The performance evaluations shall consider and assess the Executive s performance of his duties and responsibilities, the accomplishment of established performance objectives, and or other factors or criteria that the Board, in its sole discretion, may deem relevant. The frequency of performance evaluations may vary depending upon, among other things, length of service, past performance, changes in job duties or performance levels, but generally would occur on an annual basis. The Board shall, at least annually, review the Executive s entire compensation package to determine whether it continues to meet the Company s compensation objectives. Such annual review will include a determination of (i) whether to increase the Base Salary in accordance with Section 3(a) (ii) the incentive performance bonus to be awarded in accordance with Section 3(b) and (iii) the amount and type of any equity awards granted in accordance with Section 3(c). Salary increases and incentive bonus awards are solely within the discretion of the Board and may depend upon many factors other than the Executive s performance. 
 
 4. Fringe Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit programs adopted from time to time by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive such other fringe benefits as may be granted to him from time to time by the Board. 
 
 (a) Benefit Plans. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans relating to equity-based compensation awards, pension, thrift, profit sharing, life insurance, 

-3- 

medical coverage, education, deferred compensation, or other retirement or employee benefits available to senior executive officers of the Company, subject to any restrictions (including waiting periods) specified in such plans and or related individual agreements. The Company shall make commercially reasonable efforts to obtain medical and disability insurance, and such other forms of insurance as the Board shall from time to time determine, for its senior executive officers. 
 
 (b) Paid Time Off. The Executive shall be entitled to paid time off each calendar year pursuant to the Company s policies applicable to senior executive officers of the Company, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 5. Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for any and all necessary, customary and usual expenses, properly receipted in accordance with Company policies, incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Company. 
 
 6. Termination of Executive s Employment. 
 
 (a) Death. If the Executive dies while employed by the Company, his employment shall immediately terminate. The Company s obligation to pay the Executive s Base Salary shall cease as of the date of the Executive s death, and any unpaid Base Salary shall be paid to the Executive s estate. In addition, (i) within fifteen (15) days of the Executive s death, the Company shall pay to the Executive s estate an incentive performance bonus based on Executive s Target Bonus then in effect, prorated for the number of days of employment completed by the Executive during the year of his death, and (ii) the Company shall pay to the Executive s estate any earned but unpaid annual bonus from a prior service year (as and when such bonuses become payable generally). The Executive s beneficiaries or his estate shall receive benefits in accordance with the Company s retirement, insurance and other applicable programs and plans then in effect. All stock options or other equity-related awards with time-based vesting, including deferred or restricted stock units, shall vest in full and, in the case of stock options, shall be exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (but in no event for a period of less than one year or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). All stock options or other equity-related awards subject to performance-based vesting, including performance stock units, shall remain outstanding and shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on the number of target shares and the performance goals set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (i.e., shall be eligible to vest following application of actual performance achievement to the number of target shares in the same manner as applicable to active officers or employees of the Company who hold similar awards), with any stock options remaining exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but in no event for a period of less than one year or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). In addition, in the event the Company grants to the Executive a cash-settled equity award or a long-term incentive compensation award payable in cash, this Section 6(a) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any such award(s). 

-4- 

(b) Disability. If, as a result of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness Disability ), the Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties to the Company for six (6) consecutive months, and, within thirty (30) days after written notice is provided to him by the Board, he shall not have resumed the performance of his duties, the Executive s employment under this Agreement may be terminated by the Company for Disability. During any period prior to such termination during which the Executive is unable to perform his duties to the Company due to Disability, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive his Base Salary at the rate in effect at the commencement of such period of Disability and any earned but unpaid annual bonus from a prior service year. Subsequent to such termination, the Executive s benefits shall be determined under the Company s retirement, insurance and other compensation programs then in effect in accordance with the terms of such programs. In addition, if such a termination for Disability occurs then (i) within fifteen (15) days of such termination, the Company shall pay to the Executive an incentive performance bonus based on Executive s Target Bonus then in effect, prorated for the number of days of employment completed by the Executive during the year in which his employment terminated and (ii) the Company shall pay to the Executive s estate any earned but unpaid annual bonus from a prior service year (as and when such bonuses become payable generally). The Executive, the Executive s beneficiaries or his estate shall receive benefits in accordance with the Company s retirement, insurance and other applicable programs and plans then in effect. All stock options or other equity-related awards with time-based vesting, including deferred or restricted stock units, shall vest in full and, in the case of stock options, shall be exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (but in no event for a period of less than one year or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). All stock options or other equity-related awards subject to performance-based vesting, including performance stock units, shall remain outstanding and shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on the number of target shares and the performance goals set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (i.e., shall be eligible to vest following application of actual performance achievement to the number of target shares in the same manner as applicable to active officers or employees of the Company who hold similar awards), with any stock options remaining exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but in no event for a period of less than one year or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). In addition, in the event the Company grants to the Executive a cash-settled equity award or a long-term incentive compensation award payable in cash, this Section 6(b) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any such award(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(b), if such a termination for Disability occurs within three months prior to, on, or within 24 months following a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit D attached hereto), and such termination constitutes a Separation from Service (as defined below), then such termination shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as termination by the Company of the Executive s employment without Cause and as a CIC Termination , as applicable, pursuant to and as set forth in Section 6(d) and Section 7 below, respectively, and the Executive shall be entitled to the payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits set forth therein in lieu if the payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits set forth in this Section 6(b). 

-5- 

(c) Termination By The Company For Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive s employment under this Agreement for Cause, at any time prior to expiration of the Term of the Agreement provided , however , that prior to any termination of employment for Cause, the Board must first provide written notice describing the reason for such termination of employment (and, with respect to subsections (iv), (v) and (vi) below, such notice may be provided on the same date as the termination date). For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 
 (i) the Executive s material failure to substantially perform the reasonable and lawful duties of his position for the Company, including any habitual or repeated neglect if such duties, which failure has caused, or could reasonably be expected to cause, significant injury to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company, and which failure shall continue to be uncured for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Board to the Executive 
 
 (ii) acts or omissions constituting gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct on the part of the Executive in respect of the performance of his duties hereunder, his fiduciary obligations or otherwise relating to the business of the Company, which failure has caused material injury to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company, and which failure shall continue to be uncured for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Board to the Executive 
 
 (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information pertaining to Company business, which use or disclosure has caused, or could reasonably be expected to cause significant injury to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company, and which failure shall continue to be uncured for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the Board to the Executive 
 
 (iv) acts or omissions constituting willful misconduct on the part of the Executive in respect of the performance of his fiduciary duty of loyalty to the Company, which failure has caused material injury to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company 
 
 (v) theft or embezzlement, or attempted theft or embezzlement, of money or tangible or intangible assets or property of the Company or its employees, customers, clients, or others having business relations with the Company 
 
 (vi) the Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a non-vehicular felony, including, without limitation, a non-vehicular felony the elements of which involve fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude 
 
 (vii) the Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a misdemeanor the elements of which involve fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, and which is substantially related to the Executive s employment and duties to the Company or 

-6- 

(viii) the Executive s commission of a crime the elements of which involve fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, and which has caused, or could reasonably be expected to cause, material injury to the interests, property, operations, business or reputation of the Company. 
 
 In the event of a termination under this Section 6(c), the Company will pay only the portion of Base Salary or previously awarded bonus unpaid as of the termination date. Fringe benefits which have accrued and or vested on the termination date will continue in effect according to their terms. 
 (d) Termination By The Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder at any time without Cause upon 30 days written notice to the Executive or pay in lieu thereof. In the event of a termination under this Section 6(d), the Executive shall be entitled to the payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits set forth in Section 7. 
 (e) Termination By The Executive For Good Reason. The Executive shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment under this Agreement for Good Reason, at any time prior to expiration of the Term of the Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without the Executive s express written consent, of any one or more of the following events 
 
 (i) A material reduction in the Executive s responsibilities, title, duties or authority, including, without limitation, (A) the Executive ceasing to serve as the sole chief investment officer of a publicly traded company or (B) on or after a Change of Control, if as a result of such Change of Control, the Company becomes a subsidiary of another entity and the Executive is not appointed (or after appointment, ceases) to be the sole chief investment officer of the top-tier parent entity of the Company (or its successor) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the appointment of the Executive to a top-tier parent entity that is not publicly traded does not eliminate the Executive s rights under sub-clause (A) above 
 
 (ii) A reduction in the Executive s Base Salary or in the Executive s Target Bonus or a material reduction by the Company in the value of the Executive s total compensation package (salary, bonus opportunity, equity incentive award opportunity and benefits) if such a reduction is not made in proportion to an across-the-board reduction for all senior executives of the Company (and for the avoidance of doubt, following a Change of Control, the reference to senior executives of the Company shall include, without limitation, all senior executives of any top tier parent entity of any acquiror of and or successor to Redwood Trust, Inc.) 
 
 (iii) The relocation of the Executive s principal Company office to a location more than twenty-five (25) miles from its location as of the Effective Date (which location is the Company s office in Englewood, Colorado), except for required travel away from the Executive s principal Company office on the Company s business to the extent necessary to 

-7- 

fulfill the Executive s obligations under Section 1 (provided that any such travel explicitly required by the Company may not exceed thirty (30) days during any calendar year) 
 
 (iv) A failure by the Company at any time to renew this Agreement for successive one-year periods pursuant to Section 2 
 
 (v) The complete liquidation of the Company or 
 
 (vi) In the event of a merger, consolidation, transfer, or closing of a sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company with or to any other individual or entity, the failure of the Company s successor to affirmatively adopt this Agreement (no later than the closing of the applicable transaction) or to otherwise comply with its obligations pursuant to Section 13 below. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to a Change of Control, the Executive will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason for purposes of subclause (i) unless (1) the Executive provides the Board with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by the Executive to constitute Good Reason (the Good Reason Notice within one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the occurrence of any event that the Executive knows to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice or prior to a Change of Control, whichever shall occur earlier, and (3) the effective date of the Executive s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Company s cure period provided , however , that if the Executive reasonably believes that circumstances constituting Good Reason for the Executive to terminate his her employment under this Agreement will exist immediately following a Change in Control, then the Executive may provide the Company with a Good Reason Notice no later than five (5) business days prior to the consummation of such Change of Control (and in such event the Company shall not be entitled to a period to cure) and the Executive s resignation for Good Reason, if accepted by the Board, shall be deemed effective and binding on the Company (and any successor thereto) as of such time as may be determined by the Board (provided that any such effective time shall not be earlier than immediately following the consummation of the Change of Control). Following a Change of Control, in order to resign for Good Reason, the Executive must provide a Good Reason Notice, but the Company shall not be entitled to a cure period. In addition, following a Change of Control, the determination of whether to accept the Executive s resignation for Good Reason shall be determined by the Review Committee as set forth in sub-section (g) below. 
 In the event of a termination under this Section 6(e), the Executive shall be entitled to the payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits set forth in Section 7. 
 (f) Termination By The Executive Without Good Reason. The Executive may at any time during the Term terminate his employment hereunder for any reason or no reason by giving the Company notice in writing not less than sixty (60) days in advance of such termination. The Executive shall have no further obligations to the Company after the effective date of termination, as set forth in the notice. In the event of a termination by the Executive under this Section 6(f), the Company will pay only the portion of Base Salary or previously 

-8- 

awarded bonus unpaid as of the termination date. Fringe benefits which have accrued and or vested on the termination date will continue in effect according to their terms. 
 
 (g) Administration of Agreement Upon Change of Control . Notwithstanding 
 anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control, prior to and in any event not later than ten (10) days before the consummation of such Change of Control, the Company may designate a committee of two or more members of the Board as constituted immediately prior to the Change of Control (the Review Committee for the purpose of making any determination as to whether, solely for purposes of this Agreement, Executive s employment is terminated with or without Cause or if Executive s resignation is with or without Good Reason provided that, in any Change of Control in which two or more members of the Board as constituted immediately prior to the Change of Control shall continue to act as members of the Board of the Company (or act as members of the board of directors or board of trustees (or otherwise as fiduciaries)) of any successor or parent entity of the Company) following such Change of Control, the Company shall be required to designate such a Review Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Review Committee shall have the sole authority and responsibility to review, and be authorized to accept, in its sole discretion, any Good Reason Notice submitted by the Executive pursuant to Section 6 during the 24-month period following a Change of Control. 
 
 7. Compensation Upon Termination By the Company without Cause or By The Executive for Good Reason . 
 (a) If the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive shall be entitled to the following payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits 
 
 (i) Payment of Unpaid Base Salary. The Company shall immediately pay the Executive any portion of the Executive s Base Salary through the date of termination or previously awarded bonus not paid prior to the termination date. 
 
 (ii) Severance Payment. 
 
 (A) In the event such termination is not a CIC Termination (as defined below), then the Company shall provide the Executive (x) an amount equal to one (1.0) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to his termination and (ii) Executive s Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to his termination and (y) an amount equal to the Executive s Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to his termination pro-rated for the number of days of employment completed by the Executive during the year in which his employment is terminated. 
 
 (B) In the event such termination of employment occurs within three months prior to, on, or within 24 months following a Change of Control (a CIC Termination ), then instead of providing the payments in Section 7(a)(ii)(A), the Company shall provide the Executive an amount equal to the sum of (x) the Executive s Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to his termination, prorated for the number of days of employment completed 

-9- 

by the Executive during the year in which his employment terminated (y) one-and-one-half (1.5) times the Executive s Annual Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to his termination and (z) one-and-one-half (1.5) times the Executive s Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to his termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum aggregate amount that the Company shall pay to the Executive pursuant to this Section 7(a)(ii)(B) is 4,000,000. 
 
 (iii) Equity Awards. All stock options or other equity-related awards with time-based vesting, including deferred or restricted stock units, shall vest in full and, in the case of stock options, shall be exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (but in no event for a period of less than two years or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). If the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company without Cause, all stock options or other equity-related awards subject to performance-based vesting, including performance stock units, shall remain outstanding and shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable or exercisable based on (x) the performance goals set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced and (y) a reduced number of target shares adjusted on a pro-rata basis to reflect the number of days of employment completed during the applicable vesting period in which termination occurs, with any stock options remaining exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but in no event for a period of less than two years or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). If the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason, all stock options or other equity-related awards subject to performance-based vesting, including performance stock units, shall remain outstanding and shall continue to be eligible to vest and become payable based on the number of target shares and the performance goals set forth in the applicable award agreement by which such awards are evidenced (i.e., shall be eligible to vest following application of actual performance achievement to the number of target shares in the same manner as applicable to active officers or employees of the Company who hold similar awards), with any stock options remaining exercisable for such period as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but in no event for a period of less than two years or through the expiration date of the stock option, whichever is earlier). In addition, in the event the Company grants to the Executive a cash-settled equity award or a long-term incentive compensation award payable in cash, this Section 7(a)(iii) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any such award(s). 
 
 (iv) Continuation of Fringe Benefits. For a period of up to twelve (12) months (or, in the event of a CIC Termination, eighteen (18) months) following the date of the Executive s termination of employment with Company, subject to the Executive s valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations thereunder, the Company shall continue to provide the Executive and the Executive s eligible dependents with coverage under its group health plans at the same levels and the same cost to the Executive as would have applied if the Executive s employment had not been terminated based on the Employee s elections in effect on the date of termination (the Continued Coverage ), provided that (1) if any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), or (2) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover 

-10- 

the Executive under its group health plans without penalty under applicable law (including without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act), the Company may in its sole discretion provide that (i) the Executive shall pay to the Company, on an after-tax basis, a monthly amount equal to the full premium cost of the Continued Coverage for such month and (ii) within 30 days of such premium payment, the Company shall reimburse the Executive in cash (less required withholding) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the excess of (x) the full premium cost of the Continued Coverage for such month over (y) any premium amount that would have been payable by the Executive if the Executive had been actively employed by the Company for such month and (B) an additional cash amount equal to the aggregate imputed or imposed federal, state and local taxes on any such amount in subclause (A), plus any taxes imposed on such cash amount, so that the Executive on an after-tax basis is in the same position as if there had been no imputation or imposition of income on the Executive. For the twelve (12) month (or, in the event of a CIC Termination, eighteen (18) month) period following the termination of the Executive s employment, the Company shall also continue to provide the Executive with all life insurance, disability insurance and other fringe benefits set forth in Section 4 as if the Executive s employment under the Agreement had not been terminated provided, however, that such life insurance, disability insurance and other fringe benefits shall cease as of the date the Executive receives such coverage from a subsequent employer. 
 
 (v) Payment Benefit Limitation . If any payment or benefit due under this Agreement, together with all other payments and benefits that the Executive receives or is entitled to receive from the Company or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities, would (if paid or provided) constitute an excess parachute payment for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, the amounts otherwise payable and benefits otherwise due under this Agreement will either (i) be delivered in full, or (ii) be limited to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion thereof will fail to be tax-deductible to the Company by reason of Section 280G of the Code (and therefore, no portion thereof will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes and the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, results in the receipt by the Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payments and or benefits may be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code. Unless otherwise specified in writing by the Executive, in the event that the payments and or benefits are to be reduced pursuant to this Section 7(a)(v), such payments and benefits shall be reduced such that the reduction of cash compensation to be provided to the Executive as a result of this Section 7 is minimized. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and where two economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable at different times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro rata basis but not below zero. All determinations required to be made under this Section 7(a)(v) shall be made by the Company's independent public accounting firm (or such other nationally recognized public accounting firm as may be selected by the Company and to which selection the Executive consents (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)) which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of notice from the 

-11- 

Executive that there has been a payment or benefit subject to this Section 7(a)(v), or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. 
 (b) No Mitigation Required No Other Entitlement To Benefits Under Agreement. The Executive shall not be required in any way to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 7, including, without limitation, by seeking other employment, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 7 be reduced by any compensation earned by the Executive as the result of employment with another employer after the termination date of employment, or otherwise. Except as set forth in this Section 7, following a termination governed by this Section 7, the Executive shall not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits set forth in this Agreement, except as may be separately negotiated by the parties and approved the Board in writing in conjunction with the termination of the Executive s employment under this Section 7. 
 (c) Release Agreement. (i) As a condition of receiving any of the payments, vesting, consideration and benefits set forth in this Section 7 (other than the payment provided for in sub-section 7(a)(i)) at any time prior to a Change in Control, the Executive shall be required to execute a mutual release agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as appropriate, and such release agreement must have become effective in accordance with its terms within 60 days following the termination date (which form of mutual release agreement the Company, in its sole discretion, may modify to comply with applicable law, and which form of mutual release agreement may be incorporated into a termination agreement or other agreement with the Executive). 
 (ii) With respect to the Executive's receipt of any of the payments, vesting, consideration and benefits set forth in this Section 7 at the time of, or following, a Change in Control, the Executive shall not be required to execute any type of release or general release agreement in favor of the Company provided that, in connection with any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or any termination of the Executive s employment by the Executive for Good Reason , the Executive has the option to require the Company to enter into and execute a mutual release agreement with the Executive substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as appropriate, and, if so required by the Executive, the Company and the Executive agree that such release agreement must be executed and have become effective in accordance with its terms within 60 days following the termination date. 
 (d) Timing of Severance Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all severance payments provided under this Agreement in connection with the termination of the employment of the Executive shall be payable in an amount equal to 75 of such payments on the date that is six months after the termination date, and the remaining 25 shall be payable in six equal monthly installments beginning on the date that is seven months after the termination date and continuing on the same date of each of the five months thereafter. 
 (e) Timing of Bonus Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all bonus payments provided under this Agreement in connection with the termination of the employment of the Executive shall be payable on the date that is six months after the termination date. 

-12- 

8. Disputes Relating To Executive s Termination of Employment For Good Reason . If the Executive resigns his employment with the Company alleging in good faith as the basis for such resignation Good Reason as defined in Section 6(e), and if the Company then disputes the Executive s right to the payments, vesting, consideration, and benefits provided for under Section 7, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive the full compensation (including, without limitation, his Base Salary, annual bonus and equity-based long-term incentive awards) in effect at the date the Executive provided written notice of such resignation, and the Company shall continue the Executive as a participant in all compensation, benefit and insurance plans in which the Executive was then a participant, and provide continuing vesting for any compensation, award or benefit with a vesting condition, until the date the dispute is finally resolved, either by mutual written agreement of the parties or by application of the provisions of Section 11. For the purposes of this Section 8, the Company shall bear the burden of proving that the grounds for the Executive s resignation do not fall within the scope of Section 6(e), and there shall be a rebuttable presumption that the Executive alleged such grounds in good faith. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenant Provisions . 
 (a) Noncompetition. 
 (i) Noncompetition While Employed by the Company . The Executive agrees that during the Term prior to any termination of his employment hereunder, he will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of a majority of the non-employee members of the Board, manage, operate, join, control, participate in, or be connected as a stockholder (other than as a holder of shares publicly traded on a stock exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System), partner, or other equity holder with, or as an officer, director, consultant, independent contractor, advisor or employee of, any business enterprise or other organization whose business strategy is competitive with that of the Company, as determined by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board. It is further expressly agreed that the Company will or would suffer irreparable injury if the Executive were to compete with the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company in violation of this Agreement and that the Company would by reason of such competition be entitled to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction, and the Executive further consents and stipulates to the entry of such injunctive relief in such a court prohibiting the Executive from competing with the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, in the areas of business set forth above, in violation of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Noncompetition Following Employment by the Company . The Executive promises and agrees that for a period of six (6) months after the termination of his employment with the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination), he will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of a majority of the non-employee members of the Board, manage, operate, join, control, participate in, or be connected (A) as a stockholder, partner, or other equity holder in (other than as a passive owner of 1.99 or less of the outstanding equity interests of any entity) any Restricted Business, or (B) as an officer, director, consultant, independent contractor, advisor, or employee of, any Restricted Business. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, a Restricted Business means any business engaged in acquiring, originating, financing, securitizing, selling, 

-13- 

servicing, or investing in residential or business purpose mortgage loans assets backed by, related to, or derived from residential or business purpose mortgage loans or other assets that are related to residential or business purpose real estate or ownership interests in, or payment obligations relating to, residential or business purpose real estate (or providing advisory or consulting services with respect to any of the foregoing), in each case, in the geographic regions that are addressed by the business activities of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates during the Term of this Agreement or as the date of any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination), as applicable. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation of Employees, Customers, Clients and Counterparties. 
 (i) Non-Solicitation of Employees . The Executive agrees that he will not directly or indirectly solicit, hire, or employ (or assist, aid, or counsel any other person, firm or organization in soliciting, hiring, or employing) any of the Company s employees (or employees of any of the Company s subsidiaries or affiliates) to work for any business enterprise or other organization for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination) provided , the Executive shall not be prohibited from soliciting for employment, hiring, or employing any employee of the Company (or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates), as the case may be, pursuant to a general employment advertisement or solicitation from a head hunter or other placement professional not specifically directed at such employees. 
 (ii) Non-Solicitation of Customers, Clients and Counterparties . The Executive agrees that for a period of six (6) months following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination) he will not directly or indirectly (A) solicit (or assist, aid, or counsel any other person, firm or organization in soliciting) the sale or distribution of products, services, or solutions for any Restricted Business, to any client, customer or counterparty (or prospective client, customer or counterparty) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or (B) induce, encourage, attempt to induce, or attempt to encourage (or assist, aid, or counsel any other person, firm or organization with any of the foregoing) any client, customer or counterparty (or prospective client, customer or counterparty) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to cease doing business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, terminate its business relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or transfer any portion or all of its business away from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. For purposes of this sub-section (ii), the term prospective client, customer or counterparty is defined as any individual or entity who was solicited, directly or indirectly, by the Executive or any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates with the Executive s knowledge or assistance to engage in business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates within the one (1) year period preceding the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company. 

-14- 

Moreover, at all times following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination), the Executive shall not use any trade secret or Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to directly or indirectly (I) solicit (or assist, aid, or counsel any other person, firm or organization in soliciting) the sale or distribution of products, services, or solutions for any business enterprise or other organization, to any client, customer or counterparty (or prospective client, customer or counterparty) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or (II) induce, encourage, attempt to induce, or attempt to encourage (or assist, aid, or counsel any other person, firm or organization with any of the foregoing) any client, customer or counterparty (or prospective client, customer or counterparty) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to cease doing business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, terminate its business relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or transfer any portion or all of its business away from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 
 (c) Duty To Avoid Conflict Of Interest. During his employment by the Company, the Executive agrees not to engage or participate in, directly or indirectly, any activities in conflict with the best interests of the Company. The Company shall be the final decision-maker with regard to any conflict of interest issue. 
 (d) Right To Company Materials. The Executive agrees that all styles, designs, lists, materials, books, files, reports, correspondence, records, and other documents Company Materials used, prepared, or made available to the Executive shall be and shall remain the property of the Company. Upon the termination of employment or the expiration of this Agreement, the Executive shall immediately return to the Company all Company Materials, and the Executive shall not make or retain any copies thereof. 
 (e) Confidential And Proprietary Information. 
 
 (1) It is hereby acknowledged that the Executive has and shall gain knowledge of trade secrets and confidential information owned by or related to the Company and or its affiliates including but not limited to the following (i) the names, lists, buying habits and practices of customers, clients or vendors, (ii) marketing and related information, (iii) relationships with the persons or entities with whom or with which the Company has contracted, (iv) their products, designs, software, developments, improvements and methods of operation, (v) financial condition, profit performance and financial requirements, (vi) the compensation paid to employees, (vii) business plans and the information contained therein, and (viii) all other confidential information of, about or concerning the Company, the manner of operation of the Company and other confidential data of any kind, nature or description relating to the Company (collectively, the Confidential Information ). Confidential Information does not include information which (A) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the Executive or (B) becomes available to the Executive on a non-confidential basis after the termination or expiration of the Executive s obligations under this Agreement 

-15- 

from a source other than the Company, provided that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality to the Company or any other party with respect to such information or (C) is independently developed after the termination or expiration of the Executive s obligations under this agreement without reference to the Confidential Information, provided such independent development can reasonably be proven by the Executive by written records. 
 
 (2) The parties hereby acknowledge that the Confidential Information constitutes important, unique, material and confidential trade secrets which affect the successful activities of the Company, and constitute a substantial part of the assets and goodwill of the Company. In view of the foregoing, the Executive agrees that he will not at any time whether during or after the term of this Agreement, except as required in the course of the Executive s employment by Company and at its direction and for its sole benefit, in any fashion, form or manner, directly or indirectly (i) use or divulge, disclose, communicate or provide or permit access to any person, firm, partnership, corporation or other entity, any Confidential Information of any kind, nature or description, or (ii) remove from Company s premises any notes or records relating thereto, or copies or facsimiles thereof (whether made by electronic, electrical, magnetic, optical, laser, acoustic or other means). 
 
 (3) Promptly upon the request of Company, and immediately upon the termination of the Executive s employment, the Executive shall not transfer to any third person and shall deliver to Company all Confidential Information, and other property belonging to the Company, including all copies thereof, in the possession or under the control of the Executive. 
 
 (4) The Executive represents that the performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not conflict with, and will not breach, any other invention assignment agreement, confidentiality agreement, employment agreement or non-competition agreement to which the Executive is or has been a party. To the extent that the Executive has confidential information or materials of any former employer, the Executive acknowledges that the Company has directed the Executive to not disclose such confidential information or materials to the Company or any of its employees, and that the Company prohibits the Executive from using said confidential information or materials in any work that the Executive may perform for the Company. The Executive agrees that the Executive will not bring with the Executive to the Company, and will not use or disclose any confidential, proprietary information, or trade secrets acquired by the Executive prior to his employment with the Company. The Executive will not disclose to the Company or any of its employees, or induce the Company or any of its employees to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employers or others, nor will the Executive bring to the Company or use in connection with the Executive s work for the Company copies of any software, computer files, or any other copyrighted or trademarked materials except those owned by or licensed to the Company. The Executive represents that he is not a party to any other agreement that will interfere with his full compliance with this Agreement. The Executive further agrees not to enter into any agreement, whether written or oral, in conflict with the provisions of this Agreement. 

-16- 

(5) Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit the Executive from filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating or cooperating with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local regulatory body or law enforcement agency, including in relation to any whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (y) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 (f) Inventions. Any and all inventions, discoveries or improvements that the Executive has conceived or made or may conceive or make during the period of employment relating to or in any way pertaining to or connected with the systems, products, computer programs, software, apparatus or methods employed, manufactured or constructed by the Company or to systems, products, apparatus or methods with respect to which the Company engages in, requests or anticipates research or development, shall be promptly and fully disclosed and described by the Executive to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and the Executive shall assign, and hereby does assign, to the Company, the Executive s entire right, title and interest in and to all such inventions, discoveries or improvements as well as any modifications or improvements thereto that may be made. 
 
 The obligations outlined in this Section 9(f) do not apply to any invention that qualifies fully under California Labor Code Section 2870 (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C) or to any rights the Executive may have acquired in connection with an invention, discovery or improvement that was developed entirely on the Executive s own time for which no equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information of the Company was used and (a) that does not relate directly or indirectly to the business of the Company or to the Company s actual or demonstrable anticipated research or development, or (b) that does not result from any work performed by the Executive for the Company. 
 
 (g) RESERVED 
 
 (h) Breach. It is expressly agreed that each breach of this Section 9 is a distinct and material breach of this Agreement and that solely a monetary remedy would be inadequate, impracticable and extremely difficult to prove, and that each such breach would cause the Company irreparable harm. It is further agreed that, in addition to any and all remedies available at law or equity (including money damages), either party shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Section, without the necessity of proving actual damages. It is further agreed that either party shall be entitled to seek such equitable relief in any forum, including a court of law, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11. Either party may pursue any of the remedies described herein concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any such breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such 

-17- 

remedies at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any of the other such remedies. 
 
 (i) Unenforceability. Should any portion of this Section 9 be deemed unenforceable because of its scope, duration or effect, and only in such event, then the parties expressly consent and agree to such limitation on scope, duration or effect as may be finally adjudicated as enforceable, to give this Section 9 its maximum permissible scope, duration and effect. 
 
 10. Notices . All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by fax or first class mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three (3) days after mailing or twenty-four (24) hours after transmission of a fax to the respective persons named below 
 
 If to the Company Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 One Belvedere Place, Suite 300 
 Mill Valley, CA 94941 
 Phone (415) 389-7373 
 Fax (415) 381-1773 
 
 If to the Executive Fred J. Matera 
 c o Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 8310 S. Valley Highway 
 Englewood, CO 80112 
 Phone (415) 389-7373 
 Fax (415) 381-1773 
 Either party may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
 
 11. Resolution of Disputes . To ensure the rapid and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, or interpretation of this Agreement, the Executive s employment, or the termination of the Executive s employment Arbitrable Claims shall be submitted to confidential mediation in Denver, Colorado conducted by a mutually agreeable mediator from Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS or its successor under the JAMS Rules of Practice and Procedure then in effect, which can be found at www.jamsadr.com adr-rules-procedures. The cost of all JAMS mediation fees shall be paid by the Company. In the event that mediation is unsuccessful in resolving the Arbitrable Claims, the Arbitrable Claims shall be resolved, to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration in Denver, Colorado conducted by JAMS or its successor, under the then applicable rules of JAMS. 

-18- 

The Executive and the Company each acknowledge that by agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both the Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. 
 
 The arbitrator shall (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law and (b) issue a written arbitration decision including the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that the Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. With respect to attorney s fees, the arbitrator shall award to the Executive his attorneys fees based on a determination of the extent to which the Executive has prevailed as to the material issues raised in determination of the dispute (and, for the avoidance of doubt, regardless of the extent to which the Company has prevailed as to the material issues raised in determination of the dispute, the arbitrator is not authorized to award to the Company any portion of its attorney s fees) and, moreover, to the extent the Executive prevails as to substantially all of the material issues raised in determination of the dispute, the arbitrator shall award to the Executive all of his attorneys fees. The Company shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either the Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such mediation or arbitration. 
 
 12. Advancement of Executive s Legal Fees. In connection with the resolution of any dispute in accordance with Section 11, the Company shall advance to the Executive all reasonable attorneys fees of the Executive as they are incurred and reasonably documented by the Executive in respect of any mediation, arbitration or litigation related thereto. The Executive shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any such advances of attorney s fees until a final determination is made with respect to such dispute and, then, the Executive s obligation to repay any such advances shall, (i) in the context of mediation or arbitration, be subject to an affirmative determination of the mediator or arbitrator that the Executive is obligated to repay such advances and (ii) in the context any litigation, be subject to the condition that substantially all of the material issues raised in such litigation have been resolved by a final (non-appealable) judgement in favor of the Company. 
 
 13. Assignment Successors . This Agreement is personal in its nature, and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder provided, however, that, in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 
 
 14. Governing Law . This Agreement and the legal relations thus created between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. 

-19- 

15. Entire Agreement Headings . This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in their entirety all other or prior agreements, whether oral or written, with respect thereto, including but not limited to the Prior Agreement, but excluding the plans, programs and equity award agreements under which compensation and benefits are provided pursuant to Sections 3 and 4 hereof (and, to the extent such plans, programs and or equity award agreements contain more favorable terms, such terms shall continue to apply). Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. 
 
 16. Waiver Modification . Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of, or failure to insist upon strict compliance with, any right or power hereunder at any one or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times. This Agreement shall not be modified in any respect except by a writing executed by each party hereto. 
 
 17. Severability . In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is in violation of any statute or public policy, only the portions of this Agreement that violate such statute or public policy shall be stricken. All portions of this Agreement that do not violate any statute or public policy shall continue in full force and effect. Further, any court order striking any portion of this Agreement shall modify the stricken terms as narrowly as possible to give as much effect as possible to the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 
 
 18. Indemnification . The Company shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless to the maximum extent permitted by Section 2-418 of the Maryland General Corporations Law or its successor statute, or if greater, by the Company s Bylaws, by any applicable resolution of the Board or by the terms providing the most extensive indemnification contained in any written agreement between the Company and any director or officer of the Company. The Company shall make Executive a named beneficiary under all director and officer liability policies maintained by the Company from time to time for the benefit of its directors and officers, entitled to all benefits provided thereunder to persons serving in a comparable role as an officer of the Company. During the Term and for a term of six years thereafter, the Company shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage for Executive in respect of acts and omissions of the Executive in his capacity as such and occurring during Executive s employment. 
 
 19. Section 409A . Any payments under this Agreement subject to Section 409A of the Code that are subject to execution of a waiver and release which may be executed and or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the payment event (such as a termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in the calendar year in which the consideration period or, if applicable, release revocation period ends, as necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no compensation or benefits shall be paid to the Executive during the six (6)-month period following the Executive s separation from service from the Company (within the meaning of 

-20- 

Section 409A of the Code, a Separation from Service if the Company determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first day of the seventh month following the date of Separation from Service (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a result of the Executive s death), the Company shall pay the Executive a lump-sum amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to the Executive during such period. Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. To the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, any separate payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise shall not be deemed nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) or any other applicable exception or provision of Section 409A. All payments of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon the Executive s separation from service from the Company. 
 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 21. Successor Sections . References herein to sections or rules of the Code shall be deemed to include any successor sections or rules. 

Signature Page Follows 

-21- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Executive has hereunto signed this Agreement, as of the Effective Date. 

REDWOOD TRUST, INC. By s Christopher J. Abate 
 Christopher J. Abate Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE s Fred J. Matera 
 Fred J. Matera 

-22- 

INDIVIDUAL TERMINATION 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Release Agreement, Fred J. Matera Executive hereby generally and completely releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date Executive signs this Release Agreement. The Company, its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns, hereby releases Executive and his heirs, executors, successors and assigns, from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date the Company signs this Release Agreement. 
 
 This general mutual release includes, but is not limited to (A) all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment (B) all claims related to Executive s compensation or benefits from the Company, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company (C) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing (D) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy (E) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) ADEA ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended) and (F) all claims and rights with respect to Executive s right to communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any federal, state or local government regulator or to the attention of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or similar state or local administrative agency claims of discrimination, harassment, interference with leave rights, and retaliation (provided, however, that the Executive releases the Executive s right to secure damages or other relief for any such alleged treatment) provided , however , that nothing in this paragraph shall be 
 
 A-1 

construed in any way to release (i) the Company from (x) its obligation to indemnify Executive pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 18 of the Executive s Seventh Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Company(the Employment Agreement ), the Company s bylaws or binding resolutions, or applicable law or pursuant to, and in accordance with, any written indemnification agreement between the Executive and the Company or (y) the Company s payment obligations under Section 7 of the Employment Agreement, as well as the Company s other continuing obligations to the Executive under the Employment Agreement, (ii) any right or claim to coverage under any applicable D&O policies, (iii) claims to vested benefits that Executive is entitled to receive under any other plan or agreement covering Executive, (iv) Executive s vested equity awards and other awards, or (v) claims relating to or arising out of the Executive s fraud or breach of fiduciary duty. 
 Executive acknowledges that he is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the ADEA, and that the consideration given under his Employment Agreement with the Company for the waiver and release in the preceding paragraph hereof is in addition to anything of value to which he was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that (A) this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date Executive signs this Release Agreement (B) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release Agreement (although Executive may choose voluntarily not do so) (C) Executive has twenty-one (21) days to consider this Release Agreement (although Executive may choose voluntarily to sign this Release Agreement earlier) (D) Executive has seven (7) days following the date that he signs this Release Agreement to revoke the Release Agreement by providing written notice to an officer of the Company and (E) this Release Agreement shall not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which shall be the eighth day after Executive signs this Release Agreement. 
 
 Both the Executive and the Company acknowledge that each has read and understands Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows 
 
 A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. 
 
 Both the Executive and the Company hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to each party s release of any claims hereunder. 
 
 A-1 

Notwithstanding anything herein, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing contained herein prevents the Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that the Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. 
 
 Mutual Nondisparagement . 
 (a) Nondisparagement by Executive . At all times following the cessation of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 (b) Nondisparagement by Designated Company Representatives . At all times following the cessation of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Company agrees not to publish, and agrees to cause the Designated Company Representatives not to make, negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Executive. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s business reputation or personal reputation. For purposes of this sub-section (b), the Designated Company Representatives are (i) all executive officers of the Company while serving in such capacity and (ii) all members of the Board of Directors while serving in such capacity. 
 
 (c) The foregoing sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not be violated by truthful comments or statements (i) made in response to legal process, in required governmental testimony or filings, in judicial, administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings), in compliance with law, administrative rule, or regulation, or made pursuant to a court or administrative order, or in connection with reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other 
 
 A-2 

disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, (ii) made by members of the Board of Directors in the course of meetings or discussions of the Board of Directors (or any committee thereof) or in communications between members of the Board of Directors and the Executive, and not disclosed to the public, (iii) made by a member of the Board of Directors in the good faith belief that the statements are required for the proper discharge of his or her fiduciary duties, or (iv) made by the Board of Directors in connection with a termination of the Executive for Cause. 

Signature Page Follows 
 
 A-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Executive has hereunto signed this Agreement, as of the date set forth below. 

EXECUTIVE Name Fred J. Matera Date COMPANY Name Date 

A-3 

GROUP TERMINATION 
 EXHIBIT B 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Release Agreement, Fred J. Matera Executive hereby generally and completely releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date Executive signs this Release Agreement. The Company, its directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns, hereby releases Executive and his heirs, executors, successors and assigns, from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date the Company signs this Release Agreement. This general mutual release includes, but is not limited to (A) all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment (B) all claims related to Executive s compensation or benefits from the Company, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company (C) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing (D) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy (E) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) ADEA ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended) and (F) all claims and rights with respect to Executive s right to communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any federal, state or local government regulator or to the attention of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or similar state or local administrative agency claims of discrimination, harassment, interference with leave rights, and retaliation (provided, however, that the Executive releases the Executive s right to secure damages or other relief for any such alleged treatment) provided , however , that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed in any way to release (i) the Company from (x) its obligation to indemnify Executive pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 18 of the Executive s Seventh Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Company(the Employment Agreement ), the Company s bylaws or binding resolutions, or applicable law or pursuant to, 
 B-2 

and in accordance with, any written indemnification agreement between the Executive and the Company or (y) the Company s payment obligations under Section 7 of the Employment Agreement, as well as the Company s other continuing obligations to the Executive under the Employment Agreement, (ii) any right or claim to coverage under any applicable D&O policies, (iii) claims to vested benefits that Executive is entitled to receive under any other plan or agreement covering Executive, (iv) Executive s vested equity awards and other awards, or (v) claims relating to or arising out of the Executive s fraud or breach of fiduciary duty. 
 
 Executive acknowledges that he is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the ADEA, and that the consideration given under his Employment Agreement with the Company for the waiver and release in the preceding paragraph hereof is in addition to anything of value to which he was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges 
 
 that he has been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that (A) this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date Executive signs this Release Agreement (B) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release Agreement (although Executive may choose voluntarily not do so) (C) Executive has forty-five (45) days to consider this Release Agreement (although Executive may choose voluntarily to sign this Release Agreement earlier) (D) Executive has seven (7) days following the date that he signs this Release Agreement to revoke the Release Agreement by providing written notice to an officer of the Company (E) this Release Agreement shall not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which shall be the eighth day after Executive signs this Release Agreement and (F) Executive has received with this Release Agreement a detailed list of the job titles and ages of all employees who were terminated in this group termination and the ages of all employees of the Company in the same job classification or organizational unit who were not terminated. 
 
 Both the Executive and the Company acknowledge that each has read and understands Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows 
 
 A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. 
 
 Both the Executive and the Company hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to each party s release of any claims hereunder. 
 
 B-2 

Notwithstanding anything herein, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing contained herein prevents the Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that the Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. 
 
 Mutual Nondisparagement . 
 (a) Nondisparagement by Executive . At all times following the cessation of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive agrees not to make negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Company or any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company Affiliates or any of the officers, directors, managers, employees, services, operations, investments or products of the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s or entity s respective business, business reputation, business operations, or personal reputation. 
 (b) Nondisparagement by Designated Company Representatives . At all times following the cessation of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Company agrees not to publish, and agrees to cause the Designated Company Representatives not to make, negative comments or statements about, or otherwise criticize or disparage, in any format or through any medium, the Executive. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, disparagement shall include, but not be limited to, negative comments or statements intended or reasonably likely to be harmful or disruptive to a person s business reputation or personal reputation. For purposes of this sub-section (b), the Designated Company Representatives are (i) all executive officers of the Company while serving in such capacity and (ii) all members of the Board of Directors while serving in such capacity. 
 (c) The foregoing sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not be violated by truthful comments or statements (i) made in response to legal process, in required governmental testimony or filings, in judicial, administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings), in compliance with law, administrative rule, or regulation, or made pursuant to a court or administrative order, or in connection with reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, (ii) made by members of the Board of Directors in the course of meetings or discussions of the 
 B-3 

Board of Directors (or any committee thereof) or in communications between members of the Board of Directors and the Executive, and not disclosed to the public, (iii) made by a member of the Board of Directors in the good faith belief that the statements are required for the proper discharge of his or her fiduciary duties, or (iv) made by the Board of Directors in connection with a termination of the Executive for Cause. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

B-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Executive has hereunto signed this Agreement, as of the date set forth below. 

EXECUTIVE Name Fred J. Matera Date COMPANY Name Date 

B-4 

EXHIBIT C Section 2870 of California Labor Code 
 
 Section 2870 of California Labor Code Application of provision providing that employee shall assign or offer to assign rights in invention to employer. 
 
 1. Any provision and employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 
 1. Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer or 
 
 2. Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 
 b. To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 
 C-1 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 DEFINITION OF CHANGE OF CONTROL 
 
 Change of Control refers to the occurrence of any of the following 
 a. A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of common stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 30 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition or 
 b. During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c) of this definition) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof or 
 c. The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction 
 i. which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 
 
 D-1 

ii. after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity provided , however , that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 
 
 D-2 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21>
 10
 rwt123122ex21q4.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 OF REDWOOD TRUST, INC. 
 
 Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 Redwood Residential Acquisition Corporation Delaware Redwood Subsidiary Holdings, LLC Delaware RWT Holdings, Inc. Delaware RWT Securities, LLC Delaware Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. Delaware CoreVest American Finance Lender LLC Delaware 
 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K the names of certain subsidiaries have been omitted. Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. is the depositor with respect to more than 30 Sequoia securitization trusts that are not listed in this exhibit, but we are required to consolidate the assets and liabilities of certain of these trusts under GAAP for financial reporting purposes. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 11
 rwt123122ex23q4.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Redwood Trust, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Redwood Trust, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263301, effective March 4, 2022) and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-89302, effective May 29, 2002 333-90592, effective June 17, 2002 333-162893, effective November 5, 2009 333-183114, effective August 7, 2012 333-190529, effective August 9, 2013 333-196247, effective May 23, 2014 333-197990, effective August 8, 2014 333-226721, effective August 9, 2018 333-229985, effective March 1, 2019 333-233158, effective August 9, 2019 333-253708 effective March 1, 2021 333-258463 effective August 4, 2021 and 333-268233, effective November 8, 2022). 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Newport Beach, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 rwt123122ex311q4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Christopher J. Abate, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over the financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER J. ABATE Christopher J. Abate Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 rwt123122ex312q4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brooke E. Carillo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Redwood Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over the financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s BROOKE E. CARILLO Brooke E. Carillo Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 rwt123122ex321q4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Redwood Trust, Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s CHRISTOPHER J. ABATE Christopher J. Abate Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Annual Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 rwt123122ex322q4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Redwood Trust, Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s BROOKE E. CARILLO Brooke E. Carillo Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Annual Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 rwt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 rwt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 rwt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 rwt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 rwt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

