<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_714256_0001493152-23-008240.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7813444</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>480390</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1347597</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2338135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1615343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1841482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008240.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320160242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008240
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sanara MedTech Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714256
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				592220004
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39678
		FILM NUMBER:		23746395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SUMMIT AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 414
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-529-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SUMMIT AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 414
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WOUND MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MB SOFTWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INAV TRAVEL CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008240.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The registrant has included these items on the
cover page but, in accordance with Release No. 33-11126, is not completing the relevant check boxes as it is not yet required to have
a policy under an applicable exchange listing standard. 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, based
on the 20.86 closing price as of such date was approximately . 

As
of March 17, 2023, 
shares of the Issuer s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. 

 Form
10-K 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART
 I. 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 18 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 39 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 39 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 39 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 39 

PART II. 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 40 

ITEM 6 
 RESERVED 
 40 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 40 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 48 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 49 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 49 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 49 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 49 

PART III. 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 50 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 50 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 50 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 50 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 51 

ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 53 

Sanara,
Sanara MedTech, our logo and other trademarks or service marks appearing in this report are the property of Sanara MedTech Inc. Trade
names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for
convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this report are without the , or other applicable
symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable
law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, Sanara MedTech, Sanara, the Company, our, us, 
or we, refer to Sanara MedTech Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements generally relate
to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because
they contain words such as anticipates, believes, contemplates, continue, could, 
 estimates, expects, forecast, guidance, intends, may, 
 plans, possible, potential, predicts, preliminary, projects, 
 seeks, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words,
variations of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those anticipated in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: 

shortfalls
 in forecasted revenue growth; 

our
 ability to implement our comprehensive wound and skincare strategy through acquisitions and
 investments and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and
 investments; 

our
 ability to meet our future capital requirements; 

our
 ability to retain and recruit key personnel; 

the
 intense competition in the markets in which we operate and our ability to compete within
 our markets; 

the
 failure of our products to obtain market acceptance; 

the
 effect of security breaches and other disruptions; 

our
 ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 

our
 ability to develop and commercialize new products and products under development, including
 the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of such products; 

our
 ability to maintain and further grow clinical acceptance and adoption of our products; 

the
 impact of competitors inventing products that are superior to ours; 

disruptions
 of, or changes in, our distribution model, consumer base or the supply of our products; 

our
 ability to manage product inventory in an effective and efficient manner; 

the
 failure of third-party assessments to demonstrate desired outcomes in proposed endpoints; 

our
 ability to successfully expand into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services; 

our
 ability and the ability of our research and development partners to protect the proprietary
 rights to technologies used in certain of our products and the impact of any claim that we
 have infringed on intellectual property rights of others; 

our
 dependence on technologies and products that we license from third parties; 

the
 effects of current and future laws, rules, regulations and reimbursement policies relating
 to the labeling, marketing and sale of our products and our planned expansion into wound
 and skincare virtual consult and other services and our ability to comply with the various
 laws, rules and regulations applicable to our business; and 

the
 effect of defects, failures or quality issues associated with our products. 

All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. For a more detailed discussion of these and other factors
that may affect our business, see the discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is
not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We do not undertake
any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed in this report, except
to the extent required by applicable securities laws. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a medical technology company focused on developing
and commercializing transformative technologies to improve clinical outcomes and reduce healthcare expenditures in the surgical, chronic
wound and skincare markets. Each of our products, services and technologies contributes to our overall goal of achieving better clinical
outcomes at a lower overall cost for patients regardless of where they receive care. We strive to be one of the most innovative and comprehensive
providers of effective surgical, wound and skincare solutions and are continually seeking to expand our offerings for patients requiring
treatments across the entire continuum of care in the United States. 

We
currently market several products across surgical and chronic wound care applications and have multiple products in our pipeline. We
currently license certain of our products from Applied Nutritionals, LLC AN (through a sublicense with CGI Cellerate
RX, LLC CGI Cellerate RX ), an affiliate of The Catalyst Group, Inc. Catalyst )) and Rochal Industries,
LLC Rochal and have the right to exclusively distribute certain products manufactured by Cook Biotech Inc. Cook Biotech ). In addition, through our subsidiary, Scendia Biologics, LLC Scendia ), we license our
products from multiple manufacturers. 

In
July 2021, we acquired certain assets from Rochal, including, among others, intellectual property, four U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA 510(k) clearances, rights to license certain products and technologies currently under development, equipment and
supplies. As a result of the asset purchase, our pipeline now contains product candidates for mitigation of opportunistic pathogens and
biofilm, wound re-epithelialization and closure, necrotic tissue debridement and cell compatible substrates. Since our acquisition of
assets from Rochal, we have been developing additional products in our own product pipeline. 

In
April 2022, we entered into a merger agreement through which Precision Healing Inc. Precision Healing became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. Precision Healing is developing a diagnostic imager and lateral flow assay LFA for assessing
a patient s wound and skin conditions. This comprehensive wound and skin assessment technology is designed to quantify biochemical
markers to determine the trajectory of a wound s condition to enable better diagnosis and treatment protocol. We plan to submit
a 510(k) premarket notification for the Precision Healing diagnostic imager in 2023. We also plan to submit a 510(k) premarket notification
for the Precision Healing LFA in 2023. 

In
July 2022, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Scendia and Ryan Phillips (the Seller pursuant
to which we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Scendia from the Seller. Since our acquisition of Scendia,
we have been selling a full line of regenerative and orthobiologic technologies including (i) TEXAGEN Amniotic Membrane Allograft TEXAGEN ),
(ii) BiFORM Bioactive Moldable Matrix BiFORM ), (iii) AMPLIFY Verified Inductive Bone Matrix AMPLIFY and
(iv) ALLOCYTE Advanced Cellular Bone Matrix ALLOCYTE ). 

In
November 2022, we established a partnership with InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. InfuSystem focused on delivering
a complete wound care solution targeted at improving patient outcomes, lowering the cost of care, and increasing patient and provider
satisfaction. The partnership is expected to enable InfuSystem to offer innovative products including Cork Medical, LLC s negative pressure wound therapy NPWT devices and supplies and our advanced wound care product line and associated
services to new customers. 

Comprehensive
Value-Based Care Strategy 

In
June 2020, we formed a subsidiary, United Wound and Skin Solutions, LLC UWSS or WounDerm ), to hold certain
investments and operations in wound and skincare virtual consult services. Through WounDerm, we plan to offer a comprehensive wound and
skincare solution and partner with value-based care providers with the dual goal of lowering the cost to treat wounds while improving
clinical outcomes. 

Our
comprehensive solution consists of four key components: diagnostics, virtual consult services for wound care and dermatology, proprietary
efficacious products, and a wound care and dermatology specific electronic medical record EMR and mobile application.
We expect these components will work synergistically to allow clinicians to analyze and treat wound and dermatology conditions more efficiently
than the current standard of care: 

Diagnostics Our proprietary imager and LFA currently under development, which we recently acquired through our acquisition of Precision Healing,
are designed to quantify key biomarkers that dictate the trajectory of wound healing and identify deficiencies to aid in treatment. Ultimately,
we believe that our diagnostics will lead to treatment algorithms based on the data collected by the Precision Healing technology. 

4 

Virtual Consult Services Through our exclusive affiliation with Direct Dermatology Inc., we can
offer virtual consult services for wound care and dermatology provided by experienced, specialized physicians and clinicians. 

Proprietary Products We currently offer products for improving patient outcomes by addressing conditions that impact wound
healing. We are currently conducting multiple studies to prove the efficacy of our products while developing and exploring new products
and opportunities in our six focus areas of (1) debridement, (2) biofilm removal, (3) hydrolyzed collagen, (4) advanced biologics, (5)
negative pressure wound therapy products and (6) the oxygen delivery system segment of the wound and skincare market. 

EMR and Mobile Application Our EMR and mobile application were developed specifically for wound care and dermatology.
We are currently developing the capability for the EMR and mobile application to offer wound tracking analytics, recommended treatments
and decision support, and automated referrals. 

We
believe that by offering a proprietary comprehensive solution for wound care and dermatology, we will be a value-added partner for providers
in value-based care programs, such as Medicare Advantage and other risk-based contracts. 

Market
Scale 

A
study by a physician at the Department of Surgery for the Indiana University Health Comprehensive Wound Center found that approximately
8.2 million patients suffer from surgical and chronic wounds each year in the United States. Furthermore, according to an article published
by the American College of Surgeons and Surgical Infection Society, in the United States, the annual treatment cost projections
for all wounds is approximately 28 billion with the estimated annual cost of surgical site infections ranging from 3.5 billion to 10
billion. Looking at the target markets for our specific products, according to SmartTRAK Advanced Wound Care, the U.S. advanced dressings
market is estimated to be 1.3 billion and the U.S. wound biologics market is estimated to be 2 billion. The U.S. teledermatology market
alone is estimated to grow from 5 billion in 2019 to 45 billion by 2027 according to a research report by Fortune Business Insights. 

Summary
of Our Product, Service and Technology Offerings and Development Programs 

We
are committed to developing and commercializing innovative products that address the challenges physicians face in diagnosing and treating
wound and skincare ailments. Our surgical products, CellerateRX Surgical Activated Collagen (Powder
and Gel) (collectively, CellerateRX Surgical ), TEXAGEN, BiFORM, AMPLIFY and ALLOCYTE, FORTIFY TRG Tissue Repair Graft, and
FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix are used in a wide range of surgical specialties to help promote patient healing and reduce the
risk of complications. CellerateRX Surgical products, TEXAGEN products, FORTIFY TRG Tissues Repair Graft, and FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular
Matrix are used in specialties including cardiothoracic, colorectal, general surgery, hand, head and neck, high-risk obstetrics and gynecology,
Mohs surgery, neurosurgery, oncology, orthopedic (hip and knee, sports, spine, joint, foot and ankle, ortho trauma and ortho oncology),
plastic/reconstructive, podiatric, urology, and vascular. BiFORM, AMPLIFY, and ALLOCYTE are used in orthopedic specialties including hip
and knee, sports, spine, joint, foot and ankle, ortho trauma and ortho oncology. Currently, substantially all of our revenue is derived
from the sale of surgical products. 

In
2021, we launched FORTIFY TRG Tissue Repair Graft and FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix, which we license from Cook Biotech. FORTIFY
TRG Tissue Repair Graft and FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix, are currently 510(k) cleared for use in the surgical segment. We believe
that both products are a complementary offering to CellerateRX Surgical and we are working to increase both the number of contract opportunities
and facility approvals to drive further sales growth. 

In
July 2022, through the acquisition of Scendia, we expanded our surgical product offerings to include regenerative and orthobiologic technologies.
We chose to focus our sales and marketing on four key products: TEXAGEN, BiFORM, AMPLIFY and ALLOCYTE. As part of the integration of
Scendia into Sanara, we are continuing to work to add facility approvals for these products. 

Our
chronic wound care products, HYCOL Hydrolyzed Collagen (Powder and Gel) (collectively, HYCOL ), BIAKO S Antimicrobial
Skin and Wound Cleanser BIAKO S AWC and BIAKO S Antimicrobial Wound Gel BIAKO S AWG ), are
targeted for use across the post-acute continuum of care, including home health, hospice, physician offices, podiatrists, retail, skilled nursing facilities SNFs and wound care clinics. Our chronic wound care products can be used on stage I-IV pressure ulcers, diabetic foot ulcers DFUs ),
venous stasis, arterial, post-surgical wounds, first- and second-degree burns and donor sites. BIAKO S AWC is also available in
an irrigation bottle (BIAKO S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Irrigation Solution) that can be used in conjunction with negative pressure
wound therapy instillation and dwell as well as other wound irrigation needs. 

Further,
we have a robust pipeline of products under development for the surgical and chronic wound care markets. We
believe our pipeline efforts will deepen our comprehensive portfolio of offerings as well as allow us to address additional clinical
applications. Wound care products in our pipeline include next generation CellerateRX Surgical and HYCOL, a sterile antimicrobial
wound solution based on the BIAKO S technology for use in surgical settings (BIASURGE), a CellerateRX Surgical applicator
device for easier usage, an antimicrobial skin protectant and a debrider product that leverages the body s own enzymes and
moisture. 

5 

Our
WounDerm technology-based services include an EMR software platform for both wound and skin conditions, wound and skin virtual consult
services (through Direct Dermatology Inc.) and diagnostic products and services for chronic wounds through Precision
Healing. Following the anticipated launch of WounDerm, we expect to be able to provide wound treatment solutions for patients across
the entire acute and post-acute continuum of care. 

Strategy 

Drive additional market penetration as well as geographic expansion for our products . We are actively working to expand our geographic footprint across the entire United
States. We also intend to leverage our comprehensive product, services and technology-based offerings portfolio and relationships with
key constituents to deepen our presence in the chronic wound and skincare markets. We believe the breadth and flexibility of the products
we offer allow us to address a wide variety of surgical site needs, wound types and sizes and offer significant new opportunities for
sales growth. In addition, we believe that as we continue to offer new products, services and technology-based offerings, our salesforce s
ability to reach additional customers in new and existing geographic regions while penetrating further in existing customer accounts
will be enhanced. 

Launch new innovative products. We are actively developing additional proprietary products for the surgical and chronic wound
and skincare markets. We expect these products and services to deepen our portfolio of technologies to improve surgical site outcomes
and treat chronic wounds. We are focused on offering additional products and services that are more efficacious than competing products
and services and provide a stronger value proposition (lower total cost to heal and less time to heal, leading to reduced costs to the
healthcare system). 

Capture patients throughout the entire continuum of care . We intend to continue expanding our platform to aid in treating wound
and skincare patients as they progress through the healing process in all care settings. We formed WounDerm to hold certain investments
in technologies and operations in wound and skincare virtual consult services. We believe our service offerings will allow us to collect
and analyze large amounts of data on patient conditions and outcomes that will improve treatment protocols and ultimately lead to more
evidence-based healing formularies to improve outcomes in the future. We anticipate that this data will also enable us to participate
in the creation of new standards of care that promote patient compliance and enable direct dialogue between patients, clinicians and
payors, resulting in greater satisfaction for patients, their caregivers, clinicians and payors. 

Seek and establish partnerships and product, services and/or technology acquisitions . We plan to continue to seek and establish
partnerships in the United States and internationally to provide innovative products, services and technologies. We believe that partnerships
will be a key driver of our growth in the future. We also intend to selectively pursue acquisitions of businesses and technologies that
complement our existing strategy and footprint. 

Seek and establish partnerships with Medicare Advantage, at-risk payors and other types of healthcare at-risk models . We believe
we have assembled the products, services and technologies to offer a comprehensive strategy to help improve outcomes and lower wound
care costs across the continuum of care. Looking ahead, we plan to leverage these capabilities to partner with value-based care models
to aid in the treatment of their wound care patients who currently are a significant cost for the healthcare system and challenging population
to heal. 

Competitive
Strengths 

Attractive markets for surgical and chronic wound care . We believe the surgical and chronic wound care markets will continue to
see accelerated growth given favorable global tailwinds that include an aging population, increasing costs of health care, recognition
of difficult-to-treat infection threats such as biofilms, and the increasing prevalence of diabetes and obesity. We believe there will
be growing adoption of our products due to their clinical efficacy and cost effectiveness for all key constituents compared to traditional
wound care products. 

Comprehensive solution for improved wound care outcomes . We are dedicated to offering a comprehensive portfolio of products, services
and technologies to improve wound care treatment outcomes. We believe we are the only company that will be able to provide a comprehensive
solution for wound care which includes a wound and skin specific EMR, virtual consult services with expert wound care providers and dermatologists,
propriety diagnostics and highly efficacious proprietary products allowing us to effectively treat wound care patients in any care setting. 

Wound care products for all care settings . Our wound care product portfolio allows clinicians to personalize solutions to meet
the needs of individual wound care patients in all care settings including acute (hospitals and long-term acute care hospitals) and post-acute (wound care clinics,
physician offices, SNFs, home health, hospice, podiatrists and retail). 

Innovative pipeline and proven clinical performance. We have a robust pipeline of surgical and chronic wound and skincare products
that we expect to market in the near term. We believe the efficacy of our offerings will be proven via statistically significant collected
and analyzed clinical and health economic outcomes data, resulting in expanded adoption of our products at a lower overall cost to payors. 

6 

Proven executive leadership team with a long-term track record of value creation . We are led by a dedicated and seasoned management
team with significant industry experience who have successfully executed our strategic implementation to date by launching new products
and technologies through investment in new areas of growth. We believe our management has the vision and experience to implement our
future growth strategy. 

Market
Opportunities for Our Products, Services and Technology-Based Offerings 

According
to a study published by the Value in Health journal, roughly 15 of the Medicare beneficiary population has chronic nonhealing wounds.
Chronic wounds do not advance through the phases of healing in a normal progression and do not show significant progress toward healing
in 30 days. Factors contributing to the chronicity of the wound may include pressure/friction, trauma, insufficient blood flow and oxygenation
in locations such as the lower extremities, increased bacterial load, excessive proteases, degraded growth factors, matrix metalloproteinases,
senescent/aberrant cells or inappropriate treatment. Examples of chronic wounds include DFUs, venous leg ulcers VLUs ),
arterial ulcers, pressure ulcers and hard-to-heal surgical/traumatic wounds. In each of the various wound types, the presence of biofilms
is a frequent cause for chronification of wounds and the removal of biofilms is a crucial step to commence healing. Biofilms need to
be eradicated to prevent further deterioration of the wound that may result in additional negative patient outcomes. If not effectively
treated, these wounds can lead to potentially severe complications, including further infection, osteomyelitis, fasciitis, amputation
and increased mortality. Chronic wounds are primarily seen in the elderly population. For example, a 2019 study published in Advances
in Wound Care reported that in the United States, 3 of the population over the age of 65 had open wounds. According to the same study,
in 2020, the U.S. government estimated that the elderly population totaled 55 million people, suggesting that chronic wounds will continue
to be an increasingly persistent problem in this population. Four common chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds are: 

Surgical/traumatic wounds . Surgical wounds form as a result of various types of surgical procedures such as investigative or corrective,
minor or major, open (traditional) or minimal access surgery, elective or emergency, and incisions (simple cuts) or excision (removal
of tissue), among others. Traumatic wounds form as a result of cuts, lacerations or puncture wounds, which have caused damage to the
skin and underlying tissue. Severe traumatic wounds may require surgical intervention to close the wound and stabilize the patient. Surgical/traumatic
hard-to-heal wounds develop for various reasons, such as local surgical complications, suboptimal closure techniques, presence of foreign
materials, exposed bones or tendons and infection. In the United States, millions of people receive post-surgical wound care annually,
and the typical operative patient has comorbidities that create challenges with post-operative wound healing. 

Diabetic Foot Ulcers . Diabetes can lead to a reduction in blood flow, which can cause patients to lose sensation in their feet
and may prevent them from noticing injuries, sometimes leading to the development of DFUs, which are open sores or ulcers on the feet
that may take several weeks to heal, if ever. According to the 2020 National Diabetes Statistics Report by the Center for Disease Control
and Prevention, in the United States alone, over 34 million people, or approximately 10 of the population, suffer from diabetes, a chronic,
life-threatening disease. 

Venous Leg Ulcers . VLUs develop as a result of vascular insufficiency, or the inability for the vasculature of the leg to return
blood back toward the heart properly and, according to a 2013 report published by the International Journal of Tissue Repair and Regeneration,
VLUs affect approximately 600,000 people per year in the United States alone. These ulcers usually form on the sides of the lower leg,
above the ankle and below the calf, and are slow to heal and often recur if preventative steps are not taken. The risk of venous ulcers
can be increased as a result of a blood clot forming in the deep veins of the legs, obesity, smoking, lack of physical activity or work
that requires many hours of standing. 

Pressure Ulcers . Pressure ulcers, also known as decubitus ulcers or bed sores, are injuries to skin and underlying tissue resulting
from prolonged pressure, or pressure in combination with shear or friction. Constant pressure on an area of skin reduces blood supply
to the area and over time can cause the skin to break down and form an open ulcer. These often occur in patients who are hospitalized
or confined to a chair or bed and most often form on the skin over bony areas, where there is little cushion between the bone and the
skin, such as heels, ankles, hips and the tailbone. Annually, 2.5 million pressure ulcers are treated in the United States in acute care
facilities alone, according to a 2006 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. 

Sanara
Products 

We
market and distribute surgical, wound and skincare products and services to physicians, hospitals, clinics, and post-acute care
settings. Our products are primarily sold in the U.S. surgical tissue repair and advanced wound care markets. We are actively
seeking to expand within our six focus areas of wound and skin care for the acute, post-acute, and surgical markets: (1)
debridement, (2) biofilm removal, (3) hydrolyzed collagen, (4) advanced biologics, (5) negative pressure wound therapy products, and
(6) the oxygen delivery system segment of the wound and skincare market. 

CellerateRX
Surgical is a medical hydrolysate of Type I bovine collagen indicated for the management of surgical, traumatic, and partial- and
full-thickness wounds as well as first- and second-degree burns. It is manufactured with a proprietary process. CellerateRX Surgical
Activated Collagen Powder is sterilized, packaged and designed specifically for use in the operating room or other sterile
environment. CellerateRX Surgical products are primarily purchased by hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers for use by surgeons
on surgical wounds. The predominance of CellerateRX Surgical products are used for a variety of surgical wounds, including those
associated with orthopedic, spine, trauma and oncologic procedures. Additional surgical wounds that may benefit from the use of
CellerateRX Surgical include cardiovascular, gynecologic, urologic and plastic/reconstructive related procedures. 

7 

CellerateRX
Surgical is used in operative cases where patients might have trouble healing normally due to underlying health complications. There
is always a risk of complication with surgical wounds. This is especially true in patients with certain comorbidities, including obesity,
diabetes and hypertension. These complications can include surgical wound infections, dehiscence (where an incision opens after primary
closure) and necrosis. Surgeons use CellerateRX Surgical to complement the body s normal healing process. By helping the body heal
normally without complications, improved patient outcomes are achieved, thereby reducing downstream costs related to complications (such
as re-operation, longer hospitalization, re-admittance, extended rehabilitative care and other additional treatments). Surgical wound
complications have become increasingly problematic due to the high rates of surgical patient comorbidities and the financial strain on
insurance carriers as well as hospitals who suffer exorbitant costs for readmission of these patients within 30 days of surgery. 

HYCOL
Hydrolyzed Collagen products are a medical hydrolysate of Type I bovine collagen intended for the management of full and partial thickness
wounds including pressure ulcers, venous and arterial leg ulcers and DFUs. HYCOL is primarily used in SNFs, wound care centers and physician
offices, and is currently approved for reimbursement under Medicare Part B. HYCOL provides the benefit of hydrolyzed collagen directly
in the wound bed. Therefore, unlike with the body s own native collagen or native collagen products, the body does not have to
break HYCOL down before use, which is extremely beneficial when treating elderly and otherwise compromised patients with comorbidities
such as diabetes and peripheral vascular disease. 

BIAK S
AWC is a 510(k) cleared, patented product that laboratory tests show works synergistically to effectively disrupts extracellular
polymeric substances to eradicate mature biofilm microbes. BIAK S AWC is indicated for the mechanical removal of debris, dirt,
foreign materials, and microorganisms from wounds including stage I-IV pressure ulcers, DFUs, post-surgical wounds, first- and second-degree
burns, as well as grafted and donor sites. BIAK S AWC is effective in killing planktonic microbes and immature and mature bacterial
and fungal biofilms within the product. In addition, safety studies demonstrated that BIAK S AWC is biocompatible and supports
the wound healing process. BIAK S AWC is also available in an irrigation bottle (BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Irrigation
Solution) that can be used in conjunction with NPWT instillation and dwell as well as other wound irrigation needs. 

BIAK S
AWG is an antimicrobial hydrogel wound dressing that can be used alone or in combination with BIAK S AWC. The BIAK S AWG
is also 510(k) cleared and the product launched in November 2020 to complement BIAK S AWC. 

BIAK S
AWC and BIAK S AWG are effective against planktonic microbes as well as immature and mature biofilms within the product. When used
together, the cleanser can be used initially to clean a wound and disrupt biofilms (removing 99 in 10 minutes). The gel can then be
applied and remains in the wound for up to 72 hours, helping to continue disrupting biofilm microbes. In a study conducted in 2020, BIAK S
AWG, in combination with BIAK S AWC, was compared to a number of commercially available wound cleansers to treat chronic wounds
such as pressure, diabetic and venous ulcers. The BIAK S combination of cleansing and gel dressing demonstrated a reduction in
the biofilm microbes by 7.5 logs (>99.99 reduction). 

FORTIFY
TRG Tissue Repair Graft is a freeze-dried, multi-layer small intestinal submucosa extracellular matrix sheet. The graft is 510(k) cleared
for implantation to reinforce soft tissue, is terminally sterilized, has a thin profile, is available in multiple sizes, and can be cut
to size to accommodate the patient s anatomy. FORTIFY TRG Tissue Repair Graft is provided sterile and can be hydrated with autologous
blood fluid. First sales of this product occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

FORTIFY
FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix is an advanced wound care device that presents Small Intestine Submucosa Extracellular Matrix technology
in a way that can fill irregular wound shapes and depths. FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix is indicated for the management of wounds
including: partial and full-thickness wounds, pressure ulcers, venous leg ulcers, diabetic foot ulcers, chronic vascular ulcers, tunneled/undermined
wounds, surgical wounds (donor sites/grafts, post-Mohs surgery, post-laser surgery, podiatric, wound dehiscence sites), traumatic wounds
(abrasions, lacerations, second-degree burns, and skin tears) and draining wounds. FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix is provided
sterile and is intended for one-time use. It is a 510(k) cleared product. First sales of this product occurred in the first quarter
of 2022. 

TEXAGEN is a multi-layer amniotic membrane allograft used as an anatomical barrier with robust handling that can
be sutured for securement if needed. BiFORM is an osteoconductive, bioactive, porous implant that allows for
bony ingrowth across the graft site. It can be hydrated and used as a strip or molded into a putty to fill a bone defect. AMPLIFY is a verified inductive allograft putty with conformable handling properties. ALLOCYTE is a human allograft cellular bone matrix containing bone-derived progenitor cells and conformable bone fibers. This viable cellular
allograft is ready to use upon thawing and has fibrous handling properties. 

Recent
Published Studies on CellerateRX 

CellerateRX
Surgical is a medical hydrolysate of Type I bovine collagen indicated for the management of surgical, traumatic, and partial- and
full-thickness wounds as well as first- and second-degree burns. CellerateRX Surgical Activated Collagen is sterilized, packaged and
designed, specifically for use in the operating room (or sterile field), including additional sterility validation. It can be
applied in the operating room to surgical wounds that may result from a wide variety of surgical procedures to support the wound
healing environment. 

8 

Several research findings involving CellerateRX Surgical powder have been
noted in scientific literature. For example, in November 2021, Dr. William Hotchkiss published a retrospective study of 154 patients in
JSM Neurosurgery and Spine, in which patients underwent spinal surgery and CellerateRX Surgical was utilized in the surgical wound. The
study found a lower wound dehiscence rate in a high-risk patient population, when compared to previously published wound complication
rates in the literature. Another retrospective case study regarding the use of CellerateRX was recently published by Dr. Alex Gitelman
in November 2022. This study of 54 patients undergoing spinal surgery demonstrated no incidence of surgical wound complication. Lastly,
an oral presentation given at the Surgical Infection Society s 41st Annual Meeting in April 2022 noted that, based on data from
a study of 5,335 patients in a surgical registry, the use of CellerateRX Surgical in patients undergoing elective surgery resulted in
a 59 overall reduction in surgical wound complications. We believe that studies like these further support the use of CellerateRX Surgical
as an effective wound management agent in spinal surgery. 

Sanara
Technology-Based Offerings 

We
are currently developing the capability to offer various services addressing chronic wound and skin care through our subsidiary WounDerm.
We anticipate that our various service offerings will allow us to collect large amounts of data on patient conditions and outcomes that
will improve treatment protocols and ultimately lead to more evidence-based treatments to improve outcomes in the future. We believe
our planned service offerings through WounDerm are complemented by our existing product portfolio to complete the comprehensive wound
strategy. 

WounDerm
plans to offer the following services: 

EMR
 software platform for both wound and skin conditions 

In
2021, we entered into an exclusive partnership with Pixalere Healthcare Inc. Pixalere ). Our goal is to combine Pixalere s
technology, including decision support, documentation, and wound tracking analytics, with complementary Sanara solutions that offer virtual
access to expert wound and skin physicians/clinicians, advanced diagnostics, and wound care product order fulfillment. 

Pixalere
is a cloud-based wound care software tool that empowers nurses, specialists, and administrators to deliver better care from the patient
bedside. Currently, Pixalere serves and supports over 8,000 daily clinical users as they treat over 40,000 patients with wounds annually
in Canada and other non-U.S. markets. Pixalere currently provides the following solutions to its customers: 

A collaboration tool for nurses and wound care specialists 

Wound tracking analytics 

Recommended treatment plans/decision support 

Automated referrals 

These
capabilities are being integrated with Sanara s WounDerm platform to better serve the U.S. wound care market. Our partnership with
Pixalere advances our comprehensive wound and skincare strategy by integrating key solutions that have been developed by WounDerm with
Pixalere s current capabilities. This is expected to allow our technology to be paired with a proven scalable model that arms bedside
caregivers who do not specialize in wound care with more information and guidance than the current standard of care. 

Diagnostic
 products and services for chronic wounds 

The
Precision Healing product platform is a diagnostic imaging and LFA for assessing a patient s wound and skin conditions.
This comprehensive wound and skin assessment technology is designed to quantify biochemical markers to determine the trajectory of a
wound s condition to enable better diagnosis and treatment protocol. Precision Healing was formed by executives and imaging specialists
at Lumicell Corporation as well as experienced wound care scientists and physicians. We expect to have our imaging device
and LFA commercially available in 2023 and it is currently being integrated into the WounDerm EMR. 

Virtual
 consultation services for both wound and skincare conditions 

Direct
Dermatology Inc. DirectDerm is a telemedicine company based in Palo Alto, California and has an exclusive network of
dermatologists who have trained and/or teach at top U.S. medical institutions, and whose service is covered by many of the major health
plans in the United States. WounDerm is working to integrate the DirectDerm platform into its collaboration platform to provide virtual
consultations through DirectDerm s network of board-certified dermatologists to patients in all of WounDerm s healthcare
markets. 

9 

Intellectual
Property 

Since
the Rochal and Precision Healing acquisitions, our research and development activities have included internally developing additional
proprietary products, services and technologies for the surgical and chronic wound and skincare markets and actively working with third-party
research and development partners from which we license products. For our internally developed products, we seek patent protection for
our inventions in order to protect and differentiate our products and technologies and establish a defense against third-party infringement
claims. With the aim of optimizing commercial and regulatory success, our proprietary technology and innovative applications thereof
are protected by product, system, process, and method-of-use patent claims. We believe that our granted patents and pending applications
collectively protect our internally developed intellectual property, both in terms of our existing products, as well as our anticipated
pipeline of new offerings. 

In
July 2021, we acquired certain assets from Rochal, including intellectual property. With respect to the assets we acquired from Rochal
and products developed following the Rochal acquisition, our patent portfolio includes, among others, eight issued U.S. patents, including
U.S. Patent No. 8,829,053 entitled Biocidal Compositions and Methods of Using the Same (expiring December 7, 2031) relating
to BIAKO S AWC, BIAKO S AWG and BIASURGE Antimicrobial Surgical Wash, as well as over 100 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions.
Following our acquisition by merger of Precision Healing in April 2022, described in further detail below, our patent portfolio now also
includes, among others, five pending U.S. patent applications as well as one pending international patent application. 

In
addition to the above patents, our pending patent applications and new filings are representative of our ongoing efforts to broaden our
portfolio as we continue developing new products for the surgical and chronic wound and skincare markets. We intend to further grow our
patent portfolio by continuing to patent new products as they are developed, to defend intellectual property as we believe necessary
by actively pursuing any infringements, to pursue the commercial opportunities our patents provide for our innovations, and to continue
to develop our brands and trademarks. 

Sales
and Marketing 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed 39 field sales representatives. Our field sales representatives are recruited based on their previous
industry experience and professional performance. We constantly evaluate new markets and sales opportunities to add to our sales teams
as warranted. 

Field
sales representatives are initially trained through an internal learning management system, SanaraU, which gives them further product
and surgical specialty training including wound etiology, operating room etiquette and credentialing requirements. After completing their
internal training, new hire field sales representatives participate in field training with experienced field trainers to get insights
into best practice as well as real world training. The initial training period lasts approximately five weeks. Field sales representatives
are supported by regular updated training modules on product information and best practices. 

A
key component of our sales and marketing efforts involves working with physicians and clinicians to champion our products in their facilities.
We work closely with surgeons and health system stakeholders to demonstrate the efficacy and beneficial impact of our surgical products
and successfully navigate the hospital value analysis committee approval process, allowing our products to be sold in those facilities.
Similarly, we work with clinicians to demonstrate the efficacy of our wound care products in their respective care settings. If our sales
and marketing efforts are successful, the clinicians then advocate for the use of our products when medically necessary. 

Manufacturing,
Supply and Production 

We
do not own or operate and do not intend to establish our own manufacturing facilities. We rely on, and plan to continue relying on, contract
manufacturing for our products. Our contract manufacturing strategy is intended to drive cost leverage through scale and avoid the high capital
outlays and fixed costs associated with constructing and operating manufacturing facilities. Our manufacturing partners have internal
compliance processes to maintain the high quality and reliability of our products. We do source some packaging and marketing materials
separate from our licensing partners. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we began to experience supply issues with the ALLOCYTE product line. The amount of qualifying eligible donor
tissue was significantly reduced industry wide due to the stringent screening required. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we were unable
to fill certain orders for this product which negatively impacted our sales. We anticipate resolution of the supply issues in the second
half of 2023. 

10 

Reimbursement,
Clinical Validation and Clinical Utility 

We
do not promote our products based on their reimbursement status, however, we are mindful of the benefits of a favorable reimbursement
coverage status to increase patient access and support our research and development efforts to supply the highest efficacy solutions. 

Three
of our chronic wound care products (BIAK S AWG, HYCOL Hydrolyzed Collagen Powder and HYCOL Hydrolyzed Collagen Gel) have Healthcare
Common Procedure Coding System A codes and are eligible for reimbursement through Medicare Part B. There is currently no reimbursement
for BIAK S AWC and BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Irrigation Solution. 

We
anticipate that our WounDerm services, once launched, will provide a significant amount of patient data to help us measure our products 
effectiveness on improving patient outcomes while simultaneously reducing healthcare costs. We believe our reimbursement strategy, including
establishing the clinical validation, clinical utility and health economics of our products, will allow us to drive improved reimbursement
coverage for our products and technologies. 

Competition 

The
wound care market is served by several large, multi-product line companies as well as a number of small companies. Our products compete
with primary dressings, advanced wound care products, collagen matrices and other biopharmaceutical products. Manufacturers and distributors
of competitive products include Smith Nephew plc, Medline Industries, Inc., ConvaTec Group plc, M lnlycke Health Care AB,
3M Company, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation and numerous others. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are
and have greater financial and personnel resources. 

WounDerm
plans to offer a comprehensive wound care and dermatology strategy to expand cost-effective, high-quality wound and skin care to all
patients throughout the care setting continuum. Although novel in its comprehensive offerings and solutions, there are existing competitors
for each of the verticals in which WounDerm plans to offer services and solutions. 

Existing
wound care imaging technology competitors include MolecuLight, Wound-Vision, HyperMed Imaging, Inc., Spectral MD, Inc., Kent and Tissue
Analytics. However, we do not believe that any of these existing platforms offer a bioassay evaluation in combination with their imaging
solution. In addition, there are existing wound care specific EMR documentation and telemedicine communication platforms such as NetHealth,
Swift Medical Inc., Corstrata, LLC and Intellicure, Inc. 

The
public health emergency caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has led to the widespread adoption of telemedicine for all health care clinical
specialties, including wound care and dermatology. As such, any clinical wound care or dermatology physician and/or provider group that
has incorporated telemedicine into their practice could be considered competitive. However, the majority of these groups are local or
regional and do not incorporate the comprehensive national care delivery platform that WounDerm expects to offer. Examples of large wound
care specialty practices include Vohra Physician Group, Healogics Specialty Physicians and Woundtech. 

Licensing
Agreements 

CellerateRX
Surgical Activated Collagen 

In
August 2018, we entered into an exclusive, world-wide sublicense agreement with CGI Cellerate RX to distribute CellerateRX Surgical and
HYCOL products into the surgical and wound care markets. Pursuant to the sublicense agreement, we pay royalties of 3-5 of annual collected
net sales of CellerateRX Surgical and HYCOL. As amended in January 2021, the term of the sublicense extends through May 2050, with automatic
successive year-to-year renewal terms thereafter so long as our Net Sales (as defined in the sublicense agreement) each year are equal
to or in excess of 1,000,000. If our Net Sales fall below 1,000,000 for any year after the initial expiration date, CGI Cellerate RX
will have the right to terminate the sublicense agreement upon written notice. 

BIAK S
Antimicrobial Wound Gel and BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser 

In
July 2019, we executed a license agreement with Rochal pursuant to which we acquired an exclusive world-wide license to market, sell
and further develop antimicrobial products for the prevention and treatment of microbes on the human body utilizing certain Rochal patents
and pending patent applications (the BIAK S License Agreement ). Currently, the products covered by the BIAK S
License Agreement are BIAK S AWG and BIAK S AWC. Both products are 510(k) cleared. Our Executive Chairman is a director of
Rochal, and indirectly a significant shareholder of Rochal, and through the potential exercise of warrants, a majority shareholder of
Rochal. Another one of our directors is also a director and significant shareholder of Rochal. 

Future
commitments under the terms of the BIAK S License Agreement include: 

We
 pay Rochal a royalty of 2-4 of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to Rochal was 120,000
 in 2022 and will increase by 10,000 each subsequent calendar year up to a maximum amount
 of 150,000. 

We
 pay additional royalty annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of the licensed
 products, subject to a maximum of 1,000,000 during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated by the parties, the BIAK S License Agreement expires with the related patents in December 2031. 

11 

CuraShield
Antimicrobial Barrier Film and No Sting Skin Protectant 

In
October 2019, we executed a license agreement with Rochal pursuant to which we acquired an exclusive world-wide license to market, sell
and further develop certain antimicrobial barrier film and skin protectant products for use in the human health care market utilizing
certain Rochal patents and pending patent applications (the ABF License Agreement ). Currently, the products covered by
the ABF License Agreement are CuraShield Antimicrobial Barrier Film and a no sting skin protectant product. 

Future
commitments under the terms of the ABF License Agreement include: 

The
 Company will pay Rochal a royalty of 2-4 of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to
 Rochal will be 50,000 beginning with the first full calendar year following the year in
 which first commercial sales of the products occur. The annual minimum royalty will increase
 by 5,000 each subsequent calendar year up to a maximum amount of 75,000. 

We
 will pay additional royalties annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of
 the licensed products, subject to a maximum of 500,000 during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated or extended by the parties, the ABF License Agreement will terminate upon expiration of the last U.S. patent in
October 2033. No commercial sales or royalties have been recognized under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

Debrider
License Agreement 

In
May 2020, we executed a product license agreement with Rochal, pursuant to which we acquired an exclusive world-wide license to market,
sell and further develop a debrider for human medical use to enhance skin condition or treat or relieve skin disorders, excluding uses
primarily for beauty, cosmetic, or toiletry purposes (the Debrider License Agreement ). 

Future
commitments under the terms of the Debrider License Agreement include: 

Upon
 FDA clearance of the licensed products, we will pay Rochal 500,000 in cash and an additional
 1,000,000, which, at our option, may be paid in any combination of cash and our common stock. 

We
 will pay Rochal a royalty of 2-4 of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to Rochal
 will be 100,000 beginning with the first full calendar year following the year in which
 first commercial sales of the licensed products occur and increase by 10,000 each subsequent
 calendar year up to a maximum amount of 150,000. 

We
 will pay additional royalty annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of the
 licensed products, subject to a maximum of 1,000,000 during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated or extended by the parties, the Debrider License Agreement will expire in October 2034. No commercial sales or
royalties have been recognized under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

Cook
Biotech Marketing and Distribution Agreement 

In
December 2020, we entered into a marketing and distribution agreement with Cook Biotech whereby we were appointed as the exclusive
distributor in the United States of certain Cook Biotech advanced biologic products. FORTIFY TRG Tissue Repair Graft and FORTIFY
FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix are for use in the surgical care segment. 

Under
the terms of the agreement, we purchase the products from Cook Biotech at initial transfer prices stipulated in the agreement. Cook Biotech
may update the transfer prices annually based on changes in the US Producer s Price Index. Minimum annual order quantities are agreed upon by both parties after each year of the contract term. The agreement will terminate in June 2024 with automatic two-year
renewal terms unless notice of nonrenewal is given by one party at least one year prior to the end of the initial term or renewal term
that is then in effect. 

Resorbable
Bone Hemostat 

We
acquired a patent in 2009 for a resorbable bone hemostat and delivery system for orthopedic bone void fillers. In connection with the
patent acquisition, we entered into a royalty agreement to pay 8 of our net revenues, including royalty revenues, generated from products
that utilize our acquired patented bone hemostat and delivery system. This patent is not part of our long-term strategic focus. We subsequently
licensed the patent to a third party to market a bone void filler product for which we receive a 2 royalty on product sales through the end of 2023, with annual minimum royalties of 201,000. To date, royalties received by us related to this
licensing agreement have not exceeded the annual minimum of 201,000 50,250 per quarter). Therefore, our annual royalty obligation
has been 16,080 4,020 per quarter). 

12 

Government
Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to comprehensive federal, state and local laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we or our research
and development partners or affiliates do business. The laws and regulations governing our business and interpretations of those laws
and regulations are subject to frequent change. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our
research and development partners and affiliates, to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The laws and regulations
relating to medical products and healthcare services that apply to our business and that of our partners and affiliates continue to evolve,
and we must, therefore, devote significant resources to monitoring developments in legislation, enforcement, and regulation in such areas.
As the applicable laws and regulations change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to
time. We cannot provide assurance that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations
that could adversely affect our operations or that the regulatory environment will not change in a way that restricts our operations. 

FDA
Regulation 

Our
medical products and operations are regulated by the FDA and other federal and state agencies. Most of the products we currently market are regulated
as medical devices in the United States under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), as implemented and enforced
by the FDA. The FDA regulates the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, advertising,
promotion, marketing, distribution, import, export and market surveillance of our medical devices. 

In
addition, we market certain products for use in surgical wound care regulated by the FDA under Section 361 of the Public Health Service
Act PHSA (42 U.S.C. 264) and 21 C.F.R. Part 1271. 

Device
Premarket Regulatory Requirements 

Before
being introduced into the U.S. market, each medical device must obtain marketing clearance or approval from the FDA through the 510(k)
premarket notification process, the de novo classification process (summarized below), or the premarket approval application PMA process, unless they are determined to be Class I devices or to otherwise qualify for an exemption from one of these available forms
of premarket review and authorization by the FDA. Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class
I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control needed to
provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Classification of a device is important because the class to which a device
is assigned determines, among other things, the necessity and type of FDA review required prior to marketing the device. Class I devices
are those for which reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to general controls that include compliance
with the applicable portions of the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), as well as regulations requiring facility
registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and appropriate, truthful and nonmisleading labeling, advertising
and promotional materials. The Class I designation also applies to devices for which there is insufficient information to determine that
general controls are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device or to establish special
controls to provide such assurance, but that are not life-supporting or life-sustaining or for a use which is of substantial importance
in preventing impairment of human health, and that do not present a potential unreasonable risk of illness of injury. 

Class
II devices are those for which general controls alone are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness and
there is sufficient information to establish special controls. These special controls can include performance standards,
post-market surveillance requirements, patient registries and FDA guidance documents describing device-specific special controls. While
most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement, most Class II devices require a 510(k) premarket
notification prior to commercialization in the United States; however, the FDA has the authority to exempt Class II devices from the
510(k) premarket notification requirement under certain circumstances. As a result, manufacturers of most Class II devices must submit
510(k) premarket notifications to the FDA under Section 510(k) of the FDCA (21 U.S.C. 360(k)) in order to obtain the necessary
clearance to market or commercially distribute such devices. To obtain 510(k) clearance, manufacturers must submit to the FDA adequate
information demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device already on the market.
A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to PMA, meaning, (i) a device that was legally marketed prior to
May 28, 1976 preamendments device and for which a PMA is not required, (ii) a device that has been reclassified from
Class III to Class II or I, or (iii) a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. If the FDA agrees that
the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device currently on the market, it will grant 510(k) clearance to commercially
market the device. If there is no adequate predicate to which the manufacturer can compare its proposed device, the proposed device is
automatically classified as a Class III device. In such cases, the device manufacturer must then fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements
or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo classification process. 

The
 de novo classification process allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request
down-classification of its device to Class I or Class II on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, rather than requiring
the submission and approval of a PMA. Under the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012 FDASIA ),
the FDA is required to classify a device within 120 days following receipt of the de novo classification request. If the manufacturer
seeks reclassification into Class II, the classification request must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary
to provide a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. The FDA may reject the classification request
if it identifies a legally marketed predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) or determines that the device is not low
to moderate risk or that general controls would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot be developed. 

13 

Devices
that are intended to be life sustaining or life supporting, devices that are implantable, devices that present a potential unreasonable
risk of harm or are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of health and devices that are not substantially equivalent to
a predicate device are placed in Class III and generally require FDA approval through the PMA process, unless the device is a preamendments
device not yet subject to a regulation requiring premarket approval. The PMA process is more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification
process. For a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate through extensive data, including data from preclinical studies and clinical trials,
that the device is safe and effective. The PMA must also contain a full description of the device and its components, a full description
of the methods, facilities and controls used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA determines
whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has
180 days under the FDCA to complete its review of a PMA, although in practice, the FDA s review often takes significantly longer,
and can take up to several years. Before approving a PMA, the FDA generally also performs an on-site inspection of manufacturing facilities
for the product to ensure compliance with the QSR. 

Thus
far, all of the medical devices that we currently market and distribute have been cleared through 510(k) premarket notifications filed
by our third-party research and development partners, who are the manufacturers of such devices. We also are continuing to work through
the development process for a number of products in our pipeline. Our autolytic debrider product and a sterile antimicrobial surgical
wash product are currently under development. We are in discussions concerning the best path for seeking clearance and approval for these
products. The Precision Healing imager and the lateral flow assay will both be submitted to the FDA under the 510(k) process. 

Clinical
trials are almost always required to support PMAs and are sometimes required to support 510(k) submissions. All clinical investigations
of devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption IDE regulations that govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device and specify
recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant
risk, as defined by the FDA, the agency requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become
effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless
the FDA denies the application or notifies the company that the investigation is on hold and may not begin until the sponsor provides
supplemental information about the investigation that satisfies FDA s concerns. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies
or other concerns with an IDE that require modification of the study, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional
approval. In addition, the study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an institutional review board IRB ),
for each clinical site. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient according to criteria established by the FDA as
part of the IDE regulations, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without
separate authorization from the FDA, but must still comply with abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring
that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. 

Device
Postmarket Regulatory Requirements 

After
a device is cleared or approved for commercialization, and prior to marketing, numerous regulatory requirements apply to the various
entities responsible for preparing a device for distribution, including the manufacturer (including specification developer), contract
manufacturers, relabelers/repackagers, sterilizers and initial importer, as applicable. These include: 

establishment
 registration and device listing; 

development
 of a quality management system, including establishing and implementing procedures to design
 and manufacture devices in compliance with the QSR (unless a device category is exempt from
 this requirement by the FDA, such as in the case of many Class I devices); 

labeling
 regulations that prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved uses (known
 as off-label uses), as well as requirements to provide accurate and nonmisleading information
 and adequate information on both risks and benefits of the device; 

FDA s
 unique device identification requirements that call for a unique device identifier on device
 labels, packages, and in some cases, on the device itself, and submission of data to the
 FDA s Global Unique Device Identification Database; 

medical
 device reporting regulations that require manufacturers to report to the FDA if a device
 may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that
 would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur; 

corrections
 and removal reporting regulations that require manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections
 and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device
 or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; and 

postmarket
 surveillance regulations, which apply to Class II or Class III devices if the FDA has issued
 a postmarket surveillance order and the failure of the device would be reasonably likely
 to have serious adverse health consequences, the device is expected to have significant use
 in the pediatric population, the device is intended to be implanted in the human body for
 more than one year, or the device is intended to be used to support or sustain life and to
 be used outside a user facility. 

14 

Our
research and development partners and their contract manufacturers may be subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by
the FDA. If we are required to register with the FDA, by becoming the manufacturer or specification developer of any medical device for
instance, then we also may be subject to such inspections by the FDA. If the FDA believes we or any of our research and development partners
or their contract manufacturers are not in compliance with the QSR, or other postmarket requirements, it has broad authority to take
significant enforcement actions to compel compliance. Specifically, if the FDA determines that we or our research and development partners
or their contract manufacturers failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the agency can take a variety of compliance
or enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: 

untitled
 letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer
 notifications or repair, replacement or refunds; 

mandatory
 recalls, withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

operating
 restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing
 or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or approval of premarket approval applications
 relating to new products or modified products; 

reclassifying
 a 510(k)-cleared device or withdrawing PMA approval; 

refusal
 to grant export approvals for our products; or 

pursuing
 criminal prosecution. 

Any
such enforcement action by the FDA would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, these regulatory controls, as well
as any changes in FDA policies, can affect the time and cost associated with the development, introduction, and continued availability
of new products. 

HCT/P
Regulatory Requirements 

Some
of the products we currently market are regulated as biologics, more specifically as human cells, tissues, and cellular and
tissue-based products HCT/Ps ). HCT/Ps are regulated by the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research CBER or Center for Devices and Radiological Health CDRH depending on the type of product, how it is
manufactured and its intended uses. HCT/Ps that meet all of the criteria described in 21 C.F.R. 1271.10(a) are regulated by
the CBER under Section 361 of the PHSA (42 U.S.C. 264) and 21 C.F.R. Part 1271 only 361 products ). Although
361 products do not require premarket review by the FDA prior to commercialization, manufacturers of 361 products must register with
the FDA, submit a list of HCT/Ps manufactured, and comply with current good tissue practices cGTP ), among other
things. 

Federal
Trade Commission Regulatory Oversight 

Our
advertising for our products and services is subject to federal truth-in-advertising laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission (the
 FTC ), as well as comparable state consumer protection laws. Under the Federal Trade Commission Act FTC Act ),
the FTC is empowered, among other things, to (a) prevent unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or
affecting commerce; (b) seek monetary redress and other relief for conduct injurious to consumers; and (c) gather and compile information
and conduct investigations relating to the organization, business, practices, and management of entities engaged in commerce. The FTC
has very broad enforcement authority, and failure to abide by the substantive requirements of the FTC Act and other consumer protection
laws can result in administrative or judicial penalties, including civil penalties, injunctions affecting the manner in which we would
be able to market services or products in the future, or criminal prosecution. 

Fraud
and Abuse and Transparency Laws and Regulations 

Our
business activities (and the business activities of our research and development partners and affiliates), including, but not limited
to, research, sales, promotion, distribution and medical education, are subject to regulation by numerous federal and state regulatory
and law enforcement authorities in the United States, including the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services
and its various divisions, CMS, the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department
of Defense, and state and local governments. Our business activities must comply with numerous healthcare laws, including, but not limited
to, anti-kickback and false claims laws and regulations as well as data privacy and security laws and regulations, which are described
below. 

15 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting,
or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing,
leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, furnishing, or order of any item or service reimbursable under
Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs, in whole or in part. The term remuneration has been interpreted
broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and beneficiaries on the other. There are certain statutory
exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn
narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular
applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead,
the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances.
Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration
is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act, of 2010, as amended (the ACA ), modified the intent requirement under the Anti-Kickback Statute to a stricter standard,
such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have
committed a violation. In addition, the ACA also provided that a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is grounds for the government
or a whistleblower to assert that a claim for payment of items or services resulting from such violation constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act (the FCA ). The ACA further created new federal requirements for
reporting, by applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals,
and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members. 

The
federal civil FCA, prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false
or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a
false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government, or avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an
obligation to pay money to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented
to the U.S. government. The civil FCA has been used to assert liability on the basis of kickbacks and other improper referrals, improperly
reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, or submission of inaccurate information required
by government contracts, improper use of Medicare provider or supplier numbers when detailing a provider of services, improper promotion
of off-label uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a drug s label, and allegations as to misrepresentations with respect to
the products supplied or services rendered. Several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have further been sued under these
laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product.
Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under the civil FCA; however, a change in Department of Justice policy now prohibits
enforcement actions for knowing violations of law based on noncompliance with agency subregulatory guidance. Civil FCA actions may be
brought by the government or may be brought by private individuals on behalf of the government, called qui tam actions.
If the government decides to intervene in a qui tam action and prevails in the lawsuit, the individual will share in the proceeds from
any fines or settlement funds. If the government declines to intervene, the individual may pursue the case alone. Since 2004, these FCA
lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies have increased significantly in volume and breadth, leading to several substantial civil and
criminal settlements, as much as 3.0 billion, regarding certain sales practices and promoting off-label drug uses. Civil FCA liability
may be imposed for Medicare or Medicaid overpayments, for example, overpayments caused by understated rebate amounts, that are not refunded
within 60 days of discovering the overpayment, even if the overpayment was not caused by a false or fraudulent act. 

The
government may further prosecute conduct constituting a false claim under the criminal FCA. The criminal FCA prohibits the making or
presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent and, unlike the civil FCA, requires
proof of intent to submit a false claim. The civil monetary penalties statute is another potential statute under which drug and device
companies may be subject to enforcement. Among other things, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes fines against any person who
is determined to have presented, or caused to be presented, claims to a federal healthcare program that the person knows, or should know,
is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 

HIPAA
also created federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under
the custody or control of, a healthcare benefit program, regardless of whether the payor is public or private, knowingly and willfully
embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, and
knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false
statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items, or services relating to healthcare matters.
The ACA, as amended, modified the intent requirement under the certain portions of these federal criminal statutes such that a person
or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. The ACA further created federal requirements
for reporting, by applicable manufacturers of covered therapeutics, payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching
hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members. 

Many
states have also adopted laws similar to each of the above federal laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services
reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and some have transparency laws that require reporting price increases
and related information. Certain state laws also regulate manufacturers use of prescriber-identifiable data. Certain states also
require implementation of commercial compliance programs and compliance with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance
guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments or the provision
of other items of value that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; impose restrictions on marketing
practices; or require drug manufacturers to track and report information related to payments, gifts, and other items of value to physicians
and other healthcare providers. These laws may affect our future sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by imposing administrative
and compliance burdens. 

16 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws or regulations described above or any other laws that apply to us, we
may be subject to penalties or other enforcement actions, including criminal and significant civil monetary penalties, damages, fines,
disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, corporate integrity agreements, debarment
from receiving government contracts or refusal of new orders under existing contracts, reputational harm, diminished profits and future
earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our results of operations. 

Telemedicine
Standards, and Related Laws and Guidelines 

We
have entered into a professional services agreement with and made a minority investment in DirectDerm, a dermatology telemedicine company
based in California, which has an exclusive network of dermatologists. 

The
delivery of telemedicine services directly or through contractual relationships is subject to various federal, state, and local laws,
regulations and approvals, relating to, among other things, the health provider licensure, adequacy and continuity of medical care, medical
practice standards (including specific requirements when providing healthcare utilizing telemedicine technologies and consulting services
among providers), medical records maintenance, personnel supervision, and prerequisites for the prescription of medication. The application
of some of these laws to telemedicine is unclear and subject to differing interpretation. Further, laws and regulations specific to delivering
medical services utilizing telemedicine technologies continues to evolve with some states incorporating modality and consent requirements
for certain telemedicine encounters. 

Telemedicine
services also implicate state corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting laws which vary from state to state and are not always
consistent among states. In addition, these requirements are subject to broad powers of interpretation, enforcement discretion by state
regulators, and, in some cases, dated (yet still valid) case law. Some of these requirements may apply to us or our partners, even if
we do not have a physical presence in the state, based solely on the engagement of a provider licensed in the state or the provision
of telemedicine to a resident of the state. However, regulatory authorities or other parties, including providers in our affiliated provider
network, may assert that, despite these arrangements, we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements
with affiliated physician groups constitute unlawful fee-splitting. In this event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or
administrative action against us and/or our providers, civil or criminal penalties, receipt of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators,
loss of provider licenses, or the need to make changes to the arrangements with our affiliated provider network; each of which could
interfere with our business or prompt other materially adverse consequences. 

U.S.
Federal and State Health Information Privacy and Security Laws 

There
are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personally identifiable information PII ),
including health information. In particular, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act, and its respective implementing regulations, establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of protected
health information PHI ), and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to ensure
the confidentiality, integrity and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form. Our affiliated network
providers and our hospital, health system and other provider clients are all regulated as covered entities under HIPAA. Since the effective
date of the HIPAA Omnibus Final Rule on September 23, 2013, HIPAA s requirements are also directly applicable to the independent
contractors, agents and other business associates of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit PHI in
connection with providing services to covered entities. We are a business associate under HIPAA when we are working on behalf of our
affiliated providers. 

Violations
of HIPAA may result in civil and criminal penalties. A single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. We must
also comply with HIPAA s breach notification rule. Under the breach notification rule, covered entities must notify affected individuals
without unreasonable delay in the case of a breach of unsecured PHI, which may compromise the privacy, security or integrity of the PHI.
In addition, notification must be provided to Health and Human Services HHS and the local media in cases where a breach
affects more than 500 individuals. Breaches affecting fewer than 500 individuals must be reported to HHS on an annual basis. The regulations
also require business associates of covered entities to notify the covered entity of breaches by the business associate. 

State
attorneys general also have the right to prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states. While HIPAA does not
create a private right of action that would allow individuals to sue in civil court for a HIPAA violation, its standards have been used
as the basis for the duty of care in state civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing personal information.
In addition, HIPAA mandates that HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities and their business associates for compliance.
It also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive
a percentage of the Civil Monetary Penalty fine paid by the violator. In light of the HIPAA Omnibus Final Rule, recent enforcement activity,
and statements from HHS, we expect increased federal and state HIPAA privacy and security enforcement efforts. HIPAA also required HHS
to adopt national standards establishing electronic transaction standards that all healthcare providers must use when submitting or receiving
certain healthcare transactions electronically. 

17 

Many
states in which we or our research and development partners may operate also have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive
and personal information, including health information. These laws may be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA and other federal
privacy laws. For example, the laws of the State of California are more restrictive than HIPAA. Where state laws are more protective
than HIPAA, we must comply with the state laws to which we are subject, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary to
modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose
fines and penalties upon violators, but also some, unlike HIPAA, may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their
personal information has been misused. 

In
addition to HIPAA and state health information privacy laws, we may be subject to other state and federal privacy laws, including laws
that prohibit unfair privacy and security practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security and laws that place specific
requirements on certain types of activities, such as data security and texting. 

In
recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of PII and PHI. Many
states have responded to these incidents by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and to take
certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals and state officials.
In addition, under HIPAA and pursuant to the related contracts that we enter into with our business associates, we must report breaches
of unsecured PHI to our contractual partners following discovery of the breach. Notification must also be made in certain circumstances
to affected individuals, federal authorities and others. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a staff of 101 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in Texas on December 14, 2001. Our principal executive offices are located at 1200 Summit Ave, Suite 414, Fort Worth,
Texas 76102, telephone number (817) 529-2300. Our website address is www.sanaramedtech.com. Information accessed through our website
is not incorporated into this annual report and is not a part of this annual report. 

Available
Information 

The
Company electronically files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet
site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. Copies of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K
and amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the SEC are also available free of charge through the Company s website (http://www.sanaramedtech.com/),
as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing with or otherwise furnishing such information to the SEC, and are available
in print to any shareholder who requests it. 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
risks below are those that we believe are the material risks that we currently face but are not the only risks facing us and our business.
If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
Below is a summary of our risk factors with a more detailed discussion following. 

We
 have had a history of losses, which may continue as we expand our selling efforts. 

Our
 revenue growth for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in forecasted
 revenues may harm our operating results. 

Our
 current comprehensive wound and skincare strategy involves growth through acquisitions and
 investments, which requires us to incur substantial costs and potential liabilities for which
 we may never realize the anticipated benefits. 

Failure
 to manage our growth strategy could harm our business. 

If we are
 unable to compete within our markets or our products, services and technologies do not gain
 market acceptance, our financial condition and operating results could suffer. 

18 

Security
 breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability,
 which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

If
 we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we
 may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud and our business
 may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

We
 rely heavily on our research and development partners to design, manufacture and supply the
 products we have licensed for marketing. If we or one of our partners fails to perform adequately
 or fulfill our needs, we may be required to incur significant costs. We also may face significant
 delays in our product introductions and commercialization. 

Our
 revenue generated from the sale of Scendia products is heavily dependent on license agreements
 with certain manufacturers, and the termination of any of these license agreements could
 harm our business. 

Certain
 of our product candidates are still under development and we may not be able to successfully
 commercialize any of these product candidates. 

Our
 future success will largely depend on our ability to maintain and further grow clinical acceptance
 and adoption of our products, and we may be unable to adequately educate healthcare practitioners
 on the use and benefits of our products. 

Disruption
 of, or changes in, our distribution model or customer base could harm our sales and margins. 

Interruptions
 in the supply of our products or inventory loss may adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. 

If
 we are unable to manage product inventory in an effective manner, our profitability could
 be impaired. 

Failure
 of any third-party assessments to demonstrate desired outcomes in proposed endpoints could have a negative
 impact on our business performance. 

Increased
 prices for, or unavailability of, raw materials used in our products could adversely affect
 our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services will require
 entrance into several markets in which we have little or no experience, which may not be
 successful and could be costly. 

Our
 planned expansion into the telehealth business is dependent on our relationships with affiliated
 professional entities to provide physician services, and our business would be adversely
 affected if those relationships were disrupted. 

Recent
 and frequent state legislative and regulatory changes specific to telemedicine may present
 us with additional requirements and state compliance costs, with potential operational impacts
 in certain jurisdictions. 

If
 we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, we may not be able
 to compete effectively. 

CellerateRX Surgical is not currently protected by any pending patent application
nor any unexpired patent. Currently, the substantial majority of our net revenue is derived from the sale of CellerateRX Surgical. CellerateRX
Surgical may be subject to competition from the sale of substantially equivalent products that could adversely affect our business and
operations. 

We
 are heavily dependent on technologies and products we have licensed from third parties, and
 we may need to license technologies and products in the future, and if we fail to obtain
 licenses we need, or fail to comply with our payment and other obligations in the agreements
 under which we in-license intellectual property and other rights from third parties, we could
 lose our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 

We
 may be found to infringe on or violate intellectual property rights of others. 

Our
 business is affected by numerous regulations relating to the development, manufacture, distribution,
 labeling, marketing and sale of our products. 

We
 are subject to various governmental regulations relating to the labeling, marketing and sale
 of our products. 

19 

If
 we fail to obtain or experience significant delays in obtaining regulatory clearances or
 approvals to market future medical device products, we will be unable to commercialize these
 products until such clearance or approval is obtained. 

Delays
 in or changes to the FDA clearance and approval processes or ongoing regulatory requirements
 could make it more difficult for us to obtain FDA clearance or approval of new products or
 comply with ongoing requirements. 

Failure
 to obtain or maintain adequate reimbursement or insurance coverage for drugs, if any, could
 limit our ability to market those drugs and decrease our ability to generate revenue. Changes
 in reimbursement policies and regulations by governmental or other third-party payors may
 have an adverse impact on the use of our products. 

We
 rely heavily on our research and development partners to comply with applicable laws and
 regulations relating to product classification and when and what types of FDA marketing authorization
 are needed to lawfully commercialize a new or updated medical product in the United States. 

We
 and our employees and contractors are subject, directly or indirectly, to federal, state
 and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including false claims laws. If we are unable
 to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

We
 and our or our research and development partners use and disclosure of PII, including
 health information, is subject to federal and state privacy and security regulations, and
 our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold
 could have a material adverse
 effect on our client base, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 officers, employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants and commercial
 partners may engage in misconduct or activities that are improper under other laws and regulations,
 which would create liability for us. 

We
 could be adversely affected if healthcare reform measures substantially change the market
 for medical care or healthcare coverage in the United States. 

Defects,
 failures or quality issues associated with our products could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, results
 of operations and financial condition. 

20 

Risks
Related to How We Operate Our Business 

We
have had a history of losses, which may continue as we expand our selling efforts. 

We
have incurred net losses in most years since we began our current operations in 2004. We plan to continue making significant investments
in our sales force and clinical programs, which substantially increase our operating expenses. Consequently, we will need to continue
our revenue growth to become profitable in future periods. If we fail to achieve profitability, our stock price may decline, and you
may lose part or all of your investment. 

Our
revenue growth for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in forecasted revenues may harm our operating results. 

Because
we are a relatively small company, our revenue growth and, consequently, results of operations are difficult to predict. We plan our
operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below
expectations as we may not be able to quickly reduce our fixed expenses in response to short-term revenue shortfalls. We have experienced
fluctuations in revenue and operating results from quarter to quarter and anticipate that these fluctuations will continue until we achieve
a critical mass with our product and service sales. These fluctuations can result from a variety of factors, including: 

economic
 conditions worldwide, including increases in inflation, as well as economic conditions specific
 to the healthcare industry, which could affect the ability of surgical and post-acute facilities
 to purchase our products and could result in a reduction in elective operative procedures; 

governmental
 regulations, including those adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other potential
 outbreaks; 

the
 uncertainty surrounding our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers; 

changes
 in reimbursement rates for our products by government and private insurers; 

the
 length and variability of our sales cycle, especially gaining approvals for the use of our
 products in additional hospitals and surgery centers, which makes it difficult to forecast
 the quarter in which our sales will occur; 

issues
 including delays in the sourcing of our products; 

the
 timing of regulatory approvals; 

the
 timing of operating expense relating to the expansion of our business and operations; 

changes
 in the pricing of our products and those of our competitors; 

the
 development of new wound care products or product enhancements by our competitors; and 

actual
 events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing from assumptions and estimates used
 in preparing our operating plan and how well we execute our strategy and operating plans. 

As
a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict and prior results are not necessarily indicative
of future results. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

Our
current comprehensive wound and skincare strategy involves growth through acquisitions and investments, which requires us to incur substantial
costs and potential liabilities for which we may never realize the anticipated benefits. 

We
may be unable to continue implementing our growth strategy, and our strategy ultimately may be unsuccessful. We engage in evaluations
of potential acquisitions and investments and are in various stages of discussion regarding possible acquisitions, certain of which,
if consummated, could be significant to us. Any new acquisition or investment could result in material transaction expenses, increased
interest and amortization expense, increased depreciation expense and increased operating expense, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, if we are unable to integrate businesses and operations that we have acquired or
will acquire in the future, our profitability could suffer. These acquisitions and investments also involve other risks, including diversion
of management resources otherwise available for the running of our business and the development of our business, as well as risks associated
with entering markets in which our marketing teams and sales force has limited experience or where experienced distribution alliances
are not available. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates in the future, obtain acceptable financing
or consummate any future acquisitions or investments. In addition, certain potential acquisitions may be subject to antitrust and competition
laws, which could impact our ability to pursue strategic acquisitions and could result in mandated divestitures. If we are unsuccessful
in our comprehensive would and skincare strategy, we may be unable to meet our financial targets and our financial performance could
be materially and adversely affected. 

21 

Failure
to manage our growth strategy could harm our business. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and develop, market and sell our surgical, wound and skincare products, services
and technologies requires an effective plan for managing our future growth. We plan to increase the scope of our operations at a rapid
rate. Future expansion efforts will be expensive and may strain our internal operating resources. To manage future growth effectively,
we must maintain and enhance our financial and accounting systems and controls, integrate new personnel and manage expanded operations.
If we do not manage growth properly, it could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

If we are unable to compete within our markets or our products, services and technologies do not
gain market acceptance, our operating results and financial condition could suffer. 

Competition
from other medical device companies is significant and we could be significantly affected by new product introductions and other activities
of market participants. We compete with other companies in acquiring rights to products or technologies from third-party developers.
In addition, many specialized products companies have formed collaborations with large, established companies to support research, development
and commercialization of wound care products which may be competitive with ours. Academic institutions, government agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also conducting research activities and may commercialize wound care products on their
own or through joint ventures. Although our products have performed well in customer evaluations, we are a relatively unknown brand in
a market dominated by companies with extensive product lines and large customer bases. We may not, even with more efficacious products,
be able to secure contracts and achieve significant growth with large national accounts. 

In
addition, if the anticipated full launch of our wound and skincare virtual consult and other service offerings is successful, we will
face competition from other telehealth providers. The public health emergency caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has led to the widespread
adoption of telemedicine for most health care clinical specialties, including wound care and dermatology. As such, any clinical wound
care or dermatology physician and/or provider group that has incorporated telemedicine into their practice could be considered competitive.
If we are unable to compete with other telehealth providers, our operating results and financial condition may suffer. 

Several
factors may limit the market acceptance of our products, services and technologies, including the timing of regulatory approvals and
market entry relative to competitive products, services and technologies, the availability of alternative products, services and technologies,
the price of our products, services and technologies relative to alternative products, services and technologies, the availability of
third-party reimbursement and the extent of marketing efforts by third-party distributors or agents that we retain. Our products, services
or technologies may not receive market acceptance in a commercially viable period of time, if at all. Furthermore, our competitors may
develop products, services or technologies that are more effective or achieve greater market acceptance than those being developed by
us, which would render our products, services and technologies less competitive or obsolete. 

Our
competitors enjoy several competitive advantages over us, including but not limited to: 

large
 and established distribution networks in the United States and/or in international markets; 

greater
 financial, managerial and other resources for products research and development, sales and
 marketing efforts and protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights; 

greater
 name recognition; 

larger
 consumer bases; 

more
 expansive portfolios of products and intellectual property rights; and 

greater
 experience in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and/or clearances from the FDA
 and other regulatory agencies. 

The
presence of competition in our market may lead to pricing pressure which would make it more difficult to sell our products, services
and technologies at a profitable price or may prevent us from selling our products at all. Our failure to compete effectively would have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

22 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we use networks to collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary
business information and important information of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable
information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our
operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached
due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there
could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in the loss
of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, backlash from negative public relations, legal claims or proceedings,
liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties. Further, such access, disclosure or
loss may cause disruption of our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage to our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence
in our products and services, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
have programs, processes and technologies in place to prevent, detect, contain, respond to and mitigate security related threats and
potential incidents. We undertake considerable ongoing improvements to our systems, connected devices and information-sharing products
in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access change frequently and can be difficult to detect, anticipating, identifying or preventing these intrusions or mitigating them
if and when they occur, may be challenging. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud and our business may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or to prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires management to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. In order to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to continuously evaluate and, where appropriate,
enhance our policies, procedures and internal controls. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting,
we could be subject to litigation or regulatory scrutiny and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our
financial reports. If we fail to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or our management concludes that our internal
controls over financial reporting are not effective, our business may be harmed and our stock price may decline. In addition, because
of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Risks
Related to Our Products and Our Product Pipeline 

We
rely heavily on our research and development partners to design, manufacture and supply the products we have licensed for marketing.
If we or one of our partners fails to perform adequately or fulfill our needs, we may be required to incur significant costs. We may
also face significant delays in our product introductions and commercialization. 

While
we expect to have the capability to develop certain of our pipeline in-house, we do not currently own any facility that may be used as
a manufacturing and processing facility, and therefore rely heavily on our research and development partners, from whom we license most
of the products we currently commercialize, to design, manufacture and supply such products. 

We
and our research and development partners responsible for manufacturing our products and their contract manufacturers are obliged to
operate in accordance with FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMP ), current good tissue practices cGTP ),
and the QSR, as applicable, as well as other regulations applicable to medical product manufacturers. The manufacture of regulated medical
products in compliance with cGMP, cGTP, and the QSR, as applicable, requires significant expertise and capital investment, including
the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of medical products often encounter difficulties
in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including product stability and quality assurance
testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced regulatory requirements, other federal and state
regulatory requirements and foreign regulations. If we or our research and development partners or their contract manufacturers were
to encounter any of these difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us or under applicable regulations, our
ability to commercialize our products would be jeopardized. 

We
and the manufacturers of certain of our products may be unable to comply with applicable FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements.
The FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies may also implement new standards at any time or change their interpretation and enforcement
of existing standards for manufacture, packaging or testing of regulated products. We have little control over the manufacturers 
compliance with these regulations and standards. Our failure or a failure of any of our current or future research and development partners
or their contract manufacturers to establish and follow cGMP, cGTP, and the QSR, as applicable, and to document their adherence to such
practices may lead to significant delays in obtaining marketing authorization of future products or the ultimate launch of products.
Failure by us or our current or future partners or manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions
being imposed on us or our partners, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of the government to grant marketing authorization,
delays, suspension or withdrawal of authorization, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions.
If the safety of any product supplied is compromised due to the manufacturers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other
reasons, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. Any of these factors could cause a delay of commercialization
of our products, entail higher costs or impair our reputation. 

23 

Our
revenue generated from the sale of Scendia products is heavily dependent on license agreements with certain manufacturers, and the termination
of any of these license agreements could harm our business. 

In
July 2022, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Scendia and the Seller, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of
the issued and outstanding membership interests in Scendia from the Seller. Scendia provides clinicians and surgeons with a full line
of regenerative and orthobiologic technologies including (i) TEXAGEN, (ii) BiFORM, (iii) AMPLIFY and (iv) ALLOCYTE. We rely on license
agreements with certain manufacturers in order to sell Scendia products. These license agreements are nonexclusive and generally have
a term between one and five years. The license agreements are subject to renewal; however, the manufacturers may determine not to renew
the agreements or to terminate the contracts pursuant to their terms. We cannot be certain that these license agreements will continue
to be available to us or will be available to us on reasonable terms. If any of these agreements are terminated, we may be unable to
reacquire the necessary license on satisfactory terms or at all. The loss of, or inability to maintain, any of these license agreements
could negatively impact our ability to sell Scendia products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Certain
of our product candidates are still under development, and we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of these product candidates. 

Our
pipeline contains products and product candidates for mitigation of opportunistic pathogens and biofilm, wound re-epithelialization and
closure, necrotic tissue debridement, and cell compatible substrates. We may also decide to develop other product candidates. Certain
of our research and development programs are in developmental stages. One or more of our product candidates may fail to meet safety and
efficacy standards in human testing, even if those product candidates are found to be effective in animal studies. To develop and commercialize
product candidates, we must provide the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities with human clinical and nonclinical animal data that demonstrate
adequate safety and effectiveness. To generate this data, we will have to subject our product candidates to significant additional research
and development efforts, including extensive nonclinical studies and clinical testing. Our approach to product discovery may not be effective
or may not result in the development of any product. It can take several years for a product to be approved and we may not be successful
in bringing any therapeutic candidates to the market. A new product candidate may appear promising at an early stage of development or
after clinical trials and never reach the market, or it may reach the market and not sell, for a variety of reasons. For example, the
product may: 

be
 shown to be ineffective or to cause harmful side effects during preclinical testing or clinical trials; 

fail
 to receive regulatory approval on a timely basis or at all; 

be
 difficult to manufacture on a large scale; 

not
 be economically viable; 

not
 be prescribed by doctors or accepted by patients; 

fail
 to receive a sufficient level of reimbursement from government, insurers or other third-party payors; or 

infringe
 on intellectual property rights of any other party. 

If
our delivery platform technologies or product development efforts fail to generate product candidates that lead to the successful development
and commercialization of products, or if the product candidates we have (or may in the future) acquired are not approved or cleared for
commercialization in the United States or, otherwise experience adverse regulatory action, our business and financial condition will
be materially adversely affected. 

Our
future success will largely depend on our ability to maintain and further grow clinical acceptance and adoption of our products, and
we may be unable to adequately educate healthcare practitioners on the use and benefits of our products. 

Healthcare
practitioners play a significant role in determining the course of a patient s treatment and, ultimately, the type of products,
if any, that will be used to treat the patient. As a result, our commercial success is heavily dependent on our ability to educate practitioners
on the use of our products in both surgical and post-acute care settings. Acceptance and adoption of our products in our markets depends
on educating healthcare practitioners as to the distinctive characteristics, benefits, safety, clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness
of our products, including potential comparisons to our competitors products, and on training healthcare practitioners in the
proper application of our products. If we are not successful in convincing healthcare practitioners of the merits and advantages of our
products compared to our competitors products, they may not use our products and we will be unable to increase our sales and sustain
growth or profitability. 

24 

Convincing
healthcare practitioners to dedicate the time and energy necessary to properly train to use new products and techniques is challenging
as healthcare practitioners may be hesitant to change their medical practices, and we may not be successful in these efforts. If healthcare
practitioners are not properly trained, they may use our products ineffectively, resulting in unsatisfactory patient outcomes, negative
publicity or lawsuits against us. Accordingly, even if our products show superior benefits, safety or efficacy, based on head-to-head
clinical trials, in comparison to alternative treatments, our success will depend on our ability to gain and maintain market acceptance
for our products. If we fail to do so, our sales will not grow and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be
adversely affected. We may not have adequate resources to effectively educate the medical community and our efforts may not be successful
due to physician resistance or negative perceptions regarding our products. 

Disruption
of, or changes in, our distribution model or customer base could harm our sales and margins. 

If
we fail to manage the distribution of our products properly, there may be a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, a change
in the mix of our customers between service provider and enterprise, or a change in the mix of direct and indirect sales, could adversely
affect our business. Several factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model or customer base, which could
harm our sales and margins. For instance, we compete with some of our resellers through our direct sales, which may lead these channel
partners to use other suppliers that do not compete with them. In addition, some of our resellers may have insufficient financial resources
and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions. If either of these situations were to occur, our reseller channels would
weaken, which would result in a material adverse effect on our business. 

Interruptions
in the supply of our products or inventory loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
products are manufactured using technically complex processes requiring specialized facilities, highly specific raw materials and other
production constraints. The complexity of these processes, as well as strict company and government standards for the manufacture and
storage of our products, subjects us to production risks. In addition to ongoing production risks, process deviations or unanticipated
effects of approved process changes may result in noncompliance with regulatory requirements including stability requirements or specifications.
Most of our products must be stored and transported within a specified temperature range. For example, if environmental conditions deviate
from that range, our products remaining shelf-lives could be impaired or their safety and efficacy could be adversely affected,
making them unsuitable for use. These deviations may go undetected. Severe weather conditions and natural disasters may make compliance
with these processes and maintenance of these standards more difficult, and climate change threatens more extreme weather events, which
could increase our production risks. The occurrence of actual or suspected production and distribution problems can lead to lost inventories,
and in some cases recalls, with consequential reputational damage and the risk of product liability. The investigation and remediation
of any identified problems can cause production delays and result in substantial additional expenses. Any unforeseen failure in the storage
of our products or loss in supply could result in a loss of our market share and negatively affect our revenues and operations. 

In
addition, Scendia operates a state-licensed and FDA registered tissue bank for the storage and distribution of allograft tissue-based
products to hospitals, surgery centers and clinicians across the United States. We are currently experiencing, and may continue to experience,
disruptions in the supply of tissues. Such disruptions in the supply of tissues are having, and may continue to have, a negative impact
on our inventory of ALLOCYTE. Prolonged disruptions to the supply of our products or inventory could materially affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to manage product inventory in an effective and efficient manner, our profitability could be impaired. 

Many
factors affect the efficient use and planning of product inventory, such as effectiveness of predicting demand, effectiveness of preparing
manufacturing to meet demand, efficiently meeting product mix and product demand requirements and product expiration. Our products have
a shelf life of between 18 months and 5 years. If we are unable to manage our product inventory efficiently or within expected budget
goals or keep sufficient finished and in-process product on hand to meet demand, our operating margins and long-term growth prospects
could be impaired. 

We
place orders with our suppliers based on forecasts of demand and, in some instances, may acquire additional inventory to accommodate
anticipated demand. Our forecasts are based on management s judgment and assumptions, each of which may introduce error into our
estimates. If we overestimate customer demand, our excess or obsolete inventory may increase significantly, which would reduce our gross
margin and adversely affect our financial results. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand or if insufficient manufacturing capacity
is available, we would miss revenue opportunities and potentially lose market share and damage our customer relationships. 

Failure
of any third-party assessments to demonstrate desired outcomes in proposed endpoints could have a
negative impact on our business performance. 

Our
collaborators regularly conduct clinical studies designed to test a variety of endpoints associated with product performance and use
across a number of applications. If a clinical study conducted by us or our collaborators fails to demonstrate statistically significant
results supporting performance, use benefits or compelling health economic outcomes from using our products, physicians may elect not
to use our products as a treatment for conditions that may benefit from them. Furthermore, in the event of an adverse clinical study
outcome, our products may not achieve standard-of-care designations, where they exist, for the conditions in question,
which could deter the adoption of our products. Also, if serious adverse events are reported during the conduct of a study, it could
affect continuation of the study, product marketing authorization by regulatory authorities and product adoption by healthcare professionals
or could cause regulatory authorities to impose other restrictions on the product or require additional warning or precaution statements
to appear on the product labeling. If we or our collaborators are unable to develop a body of statistically significant evidence from
our clinical studies, whether due to adverse results or the inability to complete properly designed studies, public and private payors
could refuse to cover our products, limit the manner in which they cover our products, or reduce the price they are willing to pay or
reimburse for our products. 

25 

Increased
prices for, or unavailability of, raw materials used in our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our
profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. These prices may fluctuate based
on a number of factors beyond our control, including changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel related
delivery costs, competition, import duties, excises and other indirect taxes, currency exchange rates, and government regulation. Due
to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost containment efforts of our customers and third-party payors,
we may be unable to pass along cost increases for key components or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost
of key components or raw materials increases, and we are unable fully to recover these increased costs through price increases or offset
these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability. Significant increases in the prices
of raw materials that cannot be recovered through productivity gains, price increases or other methods could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Planned Expansion into Wound and Skincare Virtual Consult and Other Services 

Our
planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services subjects us to risks associated with the use of new and
novel technologies, operational, financial, regulatory, legal and reputational risks, as well as the risk that we may be unable to timely
or successfully launch our service offerings. The success of these operations depends upon our ability to commercialize our service offerings,
and our failure to do so could negatively affect our ability to generate revenue from these activities. 

Our
planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult and other services will require entrance into several markets in which we have
little or no experience, which may not be successful and could be costly. 

As
part of our planned expansion into wound and skincare virtual consult services, we will be required to enter into other markets in which
we have little to no experience, including EMR, telehealth and healthcare diagnostics. While we intend to expand our staff with individuals
with more experience in the EMR, telehealth and diagnostic markets and will closely scrutinize individuals we engage, we may not be able
to retain or continue to hire well-qualified and experienced individuals or our assessment of individuals we retain may not be accurate.
As we enter new markets, we will face new technological and operational risks and challenges with which we are unfamiliar and may incur
significant costs. Entering new markets requires substantial management efforts and skills to mitigate these risks and challenges. Our
lack of experience with certain of these new markets may result in unsuccessful new market entries. If we do not manage our entry into
new markets properly, these costs and risks could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
planned expansion into the telehealth business is dependent on our relationships with affiliated professional entities to provide physician
services, and our business would be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted. 

There
is a risk that U.S. state authorities in some jurisdictions may find that any future contractual relationships we enter into with our
affiliated professional entities who provide telehealth services violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine and professional
fee-splitting laws. These laws generally prohibit the practice of medicine by lay persons or entities or sharing of professional fees
with lay persons and are intended to prevent unlicensed persons or entities from interfering with or inappropriately influencing a physician s
professional judgment. The corporate practice of medicine prohibition exists in some form, by statute, regulation, board of medicine
or attorney general guidance, or case law, in most states and is subject to change and to evolving interpretations by state boards of
medicine, state attorneys general and state courts. As such, we will be required to continually monitor our compliance with laws in every
jurisdiction in which we plan to operate, and we cannot guarantee that subsequent interpretation of the corporate practice of medicine
laws will not circumscribe our future business operations. State corporate practice of medicine doctrines could also subject physicians
to penalties for aiding the corporate practice of medicine, which could discourage physicians from participating in our network of providers. 

Due
to the prevalence of the corporate practice of medicine doctrine, including in the states where we plan to conduct our telehealth business,
we expect to continue contracting with provider-entities through management services agreements. Although we expect that these relationships
will continue, we cannot guarantee that they will. A material change in our relationships with these provider entities, whether resulting
from a dispute among the parties, a change in government regulation, or the loss of these affiliations, could impair our ability to provide
services to our future clients and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Any scrutiny, investigation or litigation with regard to our future arrangements with these professional entities could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

26 

Recent
and frequent state legislative and regulatory changes specific to telemedicine may present us with additional requirements and state
compliance costs, with potential operational impacts in certain jurisdictions. 

The
state laws and regulations specific to telemedicine vary from state to state and are continually evolving. In some cases, these laws
and regulations target direct to consumer telehealth service offerings rather than specialty consultative services, such
as our planned acute telemedicine service offerings, and incorporate informed consent, modality, medical records and follow up care and
other requirements. Thus, where new legislation and regulations apply to our planned expansion into telemedicine services, we may incur
costs to monitor, evaluate, and modify operational processes for compliance. All such activities will increase our costs and could, in
certain circumstances, impact our ability to make telemedicine services available in a particular state. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

Part
of our success depends on our and our research development partners ability to protect proprietary rights to technologies used
in certain of our products. We and our research development partners rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret laws to
establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and
may not adequately protect our or our research development partners rights or permit us to gain or keep a competitive advantage.
Patents and patent applications for the products we have may not be sufficient or broad enough to prevent competitors from introducing
similar products into the market. Our or our research development partners patents or attempts to enforce them may not be upheld
by the courts and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail in upholding such patents may not be commercially meaningful.
Efforts to enforce any of our or our research development partners proprietary rights could be time-consuming and expensive, which
could adversely affect our business and prospects and divert management s attention. There can be no assurance that our or our
research and development partners proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that such rights will
in fact provide competitive advantages to us. 

Furthermore,
the issuance of a patent, while presumed valid and enforceable, is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may
not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors
may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies,
designs or methods. In addition, we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade
secrets by consultants, vendors, former employees and current employees. 

Patent
rights are territorial, and patent protection extends only to those countries where we have issued patents. Filing, prosecuting and defending
patents on our products and product candidates in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive,
and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less or more extensive than those in the United
States, and their litigation processes differ. Competitors may successfully challenge or avoid our patents or manufacture products in
countries where we have not applied for patent protection. Changes in the patent laws in the United States or other countries may diminish
the value of our patent rights. As a result of these and other factors, the scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of
our and our research development partners patent rights are uncertain and unpredictable. 

The
patent positions of life sciences companies, including our and our research development partners patent positions, involve complex
legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the issuance, scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims that we and our research
development partners may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated,
or circumvented. A third-party may submit prior patents, or we may become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes
review, post-grant review, supplemental examination, or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of
our licensors or development partners. The costs of defending or enforcing our proprietary rights in these proceedings can be substantial,
and the outcome can be uncertain. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate,
our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, or reduce our ability
to manufacture or commercialize products. Furthermore, if the scope or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications
is threatened, it could discourage companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future products.
The ownership of our proprietary rights could also be challenged. 

Our
and our research development partners ability to enforce our respective patent rights depends on the ability to detect infringement.
It is difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components that are used in their products. Moreover, it may be difficult
or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product, particularly in litigation
in countries other than the United States that do not provide an extensive discovery procedure. 

27 

CellerateRX Surgical is not currently protected
by any pending patent application nor any unexpired patent. Currently, the substantial majority of our net revenue is derived from the
sale of CellerateRX Surgical. CellerateRX Surgical may be subject to competition from the sale of substantially equivalent products that
could adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our CellerateRX Surgical products, from which we derive
a substantial majority of our net revenue, have no patent protection, and therefore, in order to continue to obtain commercial benefits
from CellerateRX Surgical, we will rely on product manufacturing trade secrets, know-how and related nonpatent intellectual property,
such as potential regulatory rights that would require various resources to separately obtain. The effect of CellerateRX Surgical s
lack of patent protection depends, among other things, upon the nature of the market and the position of our products in the market from
time to time, the size of the market, the complexities and economics of manufacturing a competitive product and applicable regulatory
approval requirements. In the event that competition develops substantially equivalent products, this competition could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Trade secret protection is effective only against wrongful
acquisition, use or disclosure of confidential information. A competitor can avoid a claim of trade secret misappropriation by showing
independent development without use of a trade secret owner s information, however, this typically requires some time, effort and
financial resources to develop independently. The entrance into the market of a product substantially equivalent to CellerateRX Surgical
may erode our product s market share, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
are heavily dependent on technologies and products we have licensed from third parties, and we may need to license technologies and products
in the future, and if we fail to obtain licenses we need, or fail to comply with our payment and other obligations in the agreements
under which we in-license intellectual property and other rights from third parties, we could lose our ability to develop and commercialize
our products. 

We
are heavily dependent on licenses from our research and development partners for all our technologies and products and are party to a
sublicense agreement with CGI Cellerate RX, license agreements with Rochal and a marketing and distribution agreement with Cook Biotech.
Our sublicense agreement and license agreements require that we comply with various obligations and provisions, and that we pay royalties
to the sublicensor or licensor, as applicable, based on our net sales of the sublicensed and licensed products. 

No
assurance can be given that our existing sublicense agreement, license agreements or marketing and distribution agreement will continue
to be extended on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we expect we will need to license intellectual property, technology and products
from third parties in the future and that these licenses will be material to our business. No assurance can be given that we will meet
our minimum performance obligations or generate sufficient revenue or raise additional financing to meet our payment obligations in our
agreements with CGI Cellerate RX, Rochal and Cook Biotech or other license or marketing and distribution agreements we enter into with
third parties in the future. Any failure to meet our minimum performance obligations or make the payments required by our agreements
may permit the licensor or supplier to terminate the agreement. If we were to lose or otherwise be unable to maintain these licenses
or marketing and distribution agreements for any reason, it would halt our ability to commercialize one or more of our pipeline products.
Furthermore, such loss of these licenses or marketing and distribution agreements may enable development of new products that may compete
with our pipeline products, and our competitors may gain proprietary position. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse
effect on our business or results of operations. 

In
certain cases, we may rely on our licensors to conduct prosecution, maintenance and/or defense of patents or trademarks on our behalf.
Our ability to ensure that these patents and trademarks are properly prepared, prosecuted, maintained, enforce or defended is therefore
limited, which may adversely affect our licensed intellectual property rights. Any failure by our licensors to properly prepare, prosecute,
maintain, enforce, and defend patents or trademarks or other licensed rights could materially harm our ability to protect our products,
thereby materially reducing our potential profits. 

We
may be found to infringe on or violate the intellectual property rights of others. 

We
may not have identified all patents, published applications or published literature that affect our business either by blocking our ability
to commercialize our products or R D candidates, by preventing the patentability of one or more aspects of our products or R D
candidates to us or our licensors, or by covering the same or similar technologies that may affect our ability to market our products
and R D candidates. For example, we (or the licensor of a product or R D candidate to us) may not have conducted a patent clearance
search sufficient to identify potentially obstructing third party patent rights. Moreover, patent applications in the United States are
maintained in confidence for up to 18 months after their filing. In some cases, however, patent applications remain confidential in the
USPTO, for the entire time prior to issuance as a U.S. patent. Patent applications filed in countries outside of the United States are
not typically published until at least 18 months from their first filing date. Similarly, publication of discoveries in the scientific
or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. We cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to invent, or
the first to file, patent applications covering our products and candidates. We also may not know if our competitors filed patent applications
for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent the technology that is the subject of our patent
applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications or received patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights
that block or compete with our patents. 

28 

Such
third parties, including customers, may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark
and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us, our operations and our products.
These assertions may emerge over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claim assertions, particularly
in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the healthcare field, the secrecy of some pending patent
applications and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, we believe that it is not economically practical or even possible to determine
in advance whether a product or any of its components is completely free of infringement of the patent rights of others even when we
take reasonably objective steps to determine hat relevant patent rights might exist and, if so, to evaluate such patent rights relative
to our proposed and actual products and methods with patent counsel. The asserted claims or initiated litigation can include claims against
us or our manufacturers, suppliers or customers alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future
products or components of those products. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In
addition, intellectual property litigation or claims could force us to cease developing, selling or otherwise commercializing one or
more of our products; to pay substantial damages for past use of the asserted intellectual property; to obtain a license from the holder
of the asserted intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; and redesign, or rename in the case
of trademark claims, our product(s) to avoid such third party rights, which may not be possible or which could be costly and time-consuming.
Any of these risks coming to fruition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical
and management personnel, or require us to develop a noninfringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made
by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships. There can be no assurance that licenses will
be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our
costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers. Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that
are not necessarily predictable and the resources required to engage in a full defense of such allegations, it is not unusual to find
even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against
us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop noninfringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially
reasonable terms and conditions, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Regulations 

Our
business is affected by numerous regulations relating to the development, manufacture, distribution, labeling, marketing and sale of
our products. 

Government
regulation by the FDA and similar agencies in other countries is a significant factor in the development, manufacturing and marketing
of our products and in the acquisition or licensing of new products. Complying with government regulations is often time consuming and
expensive and may involve delays or actions adversely impacting the marketing and sale of our current or future products. 

Following
initial regulatory approval or clearance of any products that we or our research and development partners may develop, we and/or our
research and development partners will be subject to continuing regulatory review, including, but not limited to: 

appropriate
 establishment registration and product listing requirements; 

FDA s
 cGMP, cGTP and QSR regulations, which govern the methods used in, and the facilities and
 controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and
 servicing of finished devices, drugs and/or biologics, as applicable; 

FDA
 labeling requirements, which mandate the inclusion of certain content in medical product
 labels and labeling, and which also prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved,
 i.e., off-label, indications; 

adverse
 event reporting regulations, which, generally, require applicable establishments (such as
 manufacturers and importers, among others) report to the FDA any adverse reactions, events,
 or experiences that meet the FDA s reporting thresholds for the given product type
 (e.g., under FDA s adverse-event reporting regulations under its device framework,
 adverse events must be reported if they may have caused or contributed to a death or serious
 injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious
 injury if it were to recur); and 

the
 Reports of Corrections and Removals regulation, which requires that manufacturers and importers
 report to the FDA corrective actions and product removals (both of which are defined under
 applicable regulations) that meet the definition of a recall if undertaken
 to reduce a risk to health posed by the product or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that
 may present a risk to health and that manufacturers and importers keep records of recalls
 that they determine to be not reportable. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in, among other things, the FDA or other governmental authorities: 

imposing
 fines and penalties on us; 

preventing
 us from manufacturing or selling our products; 

delaying
 or denying pending applications for approval or clearance of our products or of new uses
 or modifications to our existing products, or withdrawing or suspending current approvals
 or clearances; 

ordering
 or requesting a recall of our products; 

issuing
 warning letters, untitled letters, or It has Come to Our Attention letters; 

imposing
 operating restrictions, including a partial or total shutdown of production or investigation
 of any or all of our products; 

refusing
 to permit to import or export of our products; 

29 

detaining
 or seizing our products; 

obtaining
 injunctions preventing us from manufacturing or distributing any or all of our products; 

commencing
 criminal prosecutions or seeking civil penalties; and 

requiring
 changes in our advertising and promotion practices. 

In
addition, private consumer and competitor litigation tends to follow FDA enforcement actions and publications, such that a company that
is targeted by FDA or another regulatory body is also at an increased risk of facing civil litigation (often in the form of class actions). 

The
manufacturing facilities we or our research and development partners use (and may use) to make any of our FDA-regulated products are
or may become subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. If a previously unknown problem with a product or a manufacturing
or laboratory facility used or contracted by us or one of our research and development partners is discovered, the FDA may impose restrictions
on that product or on the manufacturing facility, including requiring us and/or our research and development partner to withdraw the
product from the market. Any changes to an approved or cleared product, including the way it is manufactured or promoted, often requires
FDA review and separate approval or clearance before the product, as modified, may be marketed. In addition, for products we develop
in the future, we and our contract manufacturers may be subject to ongoing FDA requirements for submission of safety and other post-market
approval information. If we violate regulatory requirements at any stage, whether before or after marketing approval or clearance is
obtained, we may be fined, be forced to remove a product from the market or experience other adverse consequences, which would materially
harm our financial results. Additionally, due to limitations imposed on us by the scope of the cleared or approved indications or intended
use of our products and by FDA and Federal Trade Commission FTC regulations relating to promotional claims, we may not
be able to obtain the labeling claims necessary or desirable for product promotion. 

Distribution
of our products outside the United States is subject to extensive government regulation. These regulations, including the requirements
for marketing authorizations or product licenses necessary to bring a medical product to market, the time required for regulatory review
and the sanctions imposed for violations, vary from country to country. We do not know whether we will obtain the marketing authorizations
or product licenses necessary to market our products in such countries or that we will not be required to incur significant costs in
obtaining or maintaining these regulatory approvals. 

We
are subject to various governmental regulations relating to the labeling, marketing and sale of our products. 

Both
before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under regulations promulgated by the FDA, the FTC,
and similar U.S. and foreign regulations governing product labeling and advertising, distribution, sale and marketing of our products.
Medical devices and biological products may only be marketed or promoted for the uses and indications set forth in the approved or cleared
product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against companies that promoted products for off-label 
uses (i.e., uses that are not described in the approved or cleared labeling), including actions alleging that claims submitted to government
healthcare programs for reimbursement of products that were promoted for off-label uses are fraudulent in violation of
the Federal False Claims Act or other federal and state statutes and that the submission of those claims was caused by off-label promotion.
The failure to comply with prohibitions on off-label promotion can result in significant monetary penalties, revocation or suspension
of a company s business license, suspension of sales of certain products, product recalls, civil or criminal sanctions, exclusion
from participating in federal healthcare programs, or other enforcement actions. In the United States, allegations of such wrongful conduct
could also result in a corporate integrity agreement with the U.S. government that imposes significant administrative obligations and
costs. 

If
we fail to obtain or experience significant delays in obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market future medical device products,
we will be unable to commercialize these products until such clearance or approval is obtained. 

The
developing, testing, manufacturing, marketing and selling of medical devices is subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities
in the United States and other countries. The process of obtaining regulatory clearance and approval of certain medical technology products
is costly and time consuming. Inherent in the development of new medical products is the potential for delay because product testing,
including clinical evaluation, is typically required, especially for drugs, biologics and high-risk devices, before such products can
be approved for human use. With respect to medical devices, such as those that we currently market, before a new medical device, or a
new indicated use of, or claim for, an existing product can be marketed (unless it is a Class I device), it must first receive either
premarket clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDCA or approval of a PMA from the FDA, or be reclassified and receive marketing authorization
through the de novo classification process, unless an exemption applies. 

In
the 510(k)-clearance process, the FDA must determine that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a Class I
or II device legally on the market, known as a predicate device, with respect to intended use, technology, safety and effectiveness
to clear the proposed device for marketing. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence for certain device
types. The PMA pathway requires an applicant to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use based, in
part, on extensive data including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. The PMA
process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable
devices. If a device is novel and there is no appropriate predicate to which the applicant can demonstrate substantial equivalence, the
device will be automatically classified as a Class III device and require approval through the PMA process prior to commercialization,
unless the applicant submits a de novo classification request demonstrating that the novel device should be reclassified into
Class I or II. Demonstrating that a novel device should be reclassified to Class I or II from Class III typically requires extensive
information and data on the benefits and risks of the device, including performance data and frequently data from one or more clinical
studies. The 510(k), PMA and de novo classification approval processes can be expensive and lengthy. 

30 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in, among other things, suspension or withdrawal of clearances or approvals,
seizure or recall of products, injunctions against the manufacture, holding, distribution, marketing and sale of a product and civil
and criminal sanctions. Furthermore, changes in existing regulations or the adoption of new regulations could prevent us from obtaining,
or affect the timing of, future regulatory clearances or approvals. Meeting regulatory requirements and evolving government standards
may delay marketing of any new products developed by us for a considerable period of time, impose costly procedures upon our activities
and result in a competitive advantage to larger companies that compete against us. 

The
FDA or other regulatory agencies may not clear or approve any products developed by us on a timely basis, or at all, or, if granted,
clearance or approval may entail limiting the indicated uses for which we may market the product, which could limit the potential market
for any of these products. 

Delays
in or changes to the FDA clearance and approval processes or ongoing regulatory requirements could make it more difficult for us to obtain
FDA clearance or approval of new products or comply with ongoing requirements. 

New
government regulations may be enacted and changes in FDA policies and regulations and, their interpretation and enforcement, could prevent
or delay regulatory clearance or approval of new products. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation
that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. Therefore, we do not know whether
we or our research and development partners will be able to continue to comply with such regulations or whether the costs of such compliance
will have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes could, among other things, require different labeling, monitoring of patients,
interaction with physicians, education programs for patients or physicians, curtailment of necessary supplies, or limitations on product
distribution. These changes, or others required by the FDA could have an adverse effect on our business, and specifically, on the sales
of affected products. The evolving and complex nature of regulatory science and regulatory requirements, the broad authority and discretion
of the FDA and the generally high level of regulatory oversight results in a continuing possibility that from time to time, we will be
adversely affected by regulatory actions despite ongoing efforts and commitment to achieve and maintain full compliance with all regulatory
requirements. If we or our research and development partners are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted
to market our products and our business would suffer. 

Failure
to obtain or maintain adequate reimbursement or insurance coverage for drugs, if any, could limit our ability to market those drugs and
decrease our ability to generate revenue. Changes in reimbursement policies and regulations by governmental or other third-party payors
may have an adverse impact on the use of our products. 

The
pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of our products, if any, must be sufficient to support our commercial efforts and other development
programs, and the availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors, including governmental and private insurers,
are essential for most patients to be able to afford medical treatments. Sales of our products depend substantially, both domestically
and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our products, if any, will be paid for or reimbursed by health maintenance, managed care,
and similar healthcare management organizations, or government payers and private payors. If coverage and reimbursement are not available,
or are available only in limited amounts, we may have to subsidize or provide medical products for free or we may not be able to successfully
commercialize our products. 

A
significant portion of our wound care products are purchased principally for the Medicare and Medicaid eligible population by hospital
outpatient clinics, wound care clinics, durable medical equipment DME suppliers and SNFs, which typically bill various
third-party payors, primarily state and federal healthcare programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid), and managed care plans, for the products
and services provided to their patients. Although the majority of our wound care products are currently eligible for reimbursement under
Medicare Part B, adjustments to our reimbursement amounts or a change in CMS s reimbursement policies could have an adverse effect
on our market opportunities in this area. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services
from third-party payors is critical to the success of our business because reimbursement status affects which products our customers
purchase. In addition, our ability to obtain reimbursement approval in foreign jurisdictions may affect our ability to expand our product
offerings internationally. 

Third-party
payors have adopted, and are continuing to adopt, a number of policies intended to curb rising healthcare costs. These policies include
the imposition of conditions of payment by foreign, state and federal healthcare programs as well as private insurance plans, and the
reduction in reimbursement amounts applicable to specific products and services. 

Changes
in healthcare systems in the United States or internationally in a manner that significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using
our products or denies coverage for these procedures would also have an adverse impact on the acceptance of our products and the prices
which our customers are willing to pay for them. 

31 

Moreover,
increasing efforts by governmental and private payors in the United States and abroad to limit or reduce healthcare costs may result
in restrictions on coverage and the level of reimbursement for new medical products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate
payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with our products due to the increasing trend toward
managed healthcare, including the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward
pressure on healthcare costs in general, and prescription drugs or biologics in particular, has and is expected to continue to increase
in the future. As a result, profitability of our current or future products may be more difficult to achieve. 

We
rely heavily on our research and development partners to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to product classification
and when and what types of FDA marketing authorizations are needed to lawfully commercialize a new or updated medical product in the
United States. 

We
rely heavily on our research and development partners, from whom we license most of the products we currently commercialize, to determine
the appropriate classification for each such product and to comply with applicable regulations related to obtaining the proper marketing
authorization. With respect to each medical device product we license, our respective research and development partner designs the product
and determines whether the device should be classified as a Class I, II, or III device and the appropriate FDA marketing authorization
pathway to pursue (i.e., 510(k), PMA or de novo classification). In addition, we rely on our research and development partners
to determine whether specific legal or regulatory definitions or exemptions apply to particular medical products, which individually
may be subject to FDA oversight as a device, drug, biologic or human cellular or tissue-based product. The FDA has broad regulatory authority
to interpret and enforce the laws and regulations that govern medical products in commercial distribution, and any adverse determination
by the FDA relating to one of our licensed products could require significant cost and effort to comply. 

For
example, our research and development partner, Cook Biotech, from whom we have the right to exclusively distribute three biologic products
for surgical and wound care applications, has determined that one such product, VIM Amnion Matrix, is intended for homologous use as
a wound covering or barrier. It is possible that the FDA, after evaluating the product, promotional claims and other information pertinent
to the FDA s determination of the product s intended use, may not agree with Cook Biotech s conclusion that the VIM
Amnion Matrix product is intended for homologous use, which would change the legal framework under which the product is regulated and
may require Cook Biotech and us to incur substantial costs and expend significant effort to bring the product into compliance with applicable
regulations. Such action by the FDA may also require us to cease marketing operations relating to the VIM Amnion Matrix product until
the appropriate corrections are complete. We are subject to similar reliance and risks in connection with our recent acquisition of Scendia,
which is an FDA-registered tissue bank with a biologics pipeline comprised of several regenerative and orthobiologic technologies, as
we did not have prior experience in obtaining marketing authorizations in this particular segment of the skin- and wound-care industry. 

Similarly,
some of the devices that we market under a license (or that we have acquired or have, otherwise, obtained commercialization rights
in the United States) have been updated or modified since their initial 510(k) clearance. Depending on the nature of the updates or
modifications made to a 510(k)-cleared device, the FDA may require the submission (and clearance) of a new 510(k). More
specifically, any modification that could significantly affect the cleared device s safety or effectiveness, or that would
constitute a significant change in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance. The FDA requires device manufacturers to
make the initial determination as to whether a proposed modification to a cleared device requires a new 510(k) submission,
but the FDA can review any such decision not to submit a new 510(k) (if it becomes aware of the modifications during an inspection
or otherwise) and may disagree with the manufacturer s determination that the given modification(s) did not require new
clearance. If the FDA finds that a manufacturer has improperly marketed a modified device (for which the FDA has determined that a
new 510(k) is required) under the original device s 510(k), the FDA may mandate that the manufacturer cease marketing and/or
recall the modified device until the requisite clearance is obtained, in addition to one or more other enforcement actions. FDA may
disagree with our partners decisions not to submit new 510(k) notifications for those of our 510(k)-cleared devices that have
been updated or modified since their initial clearance, in which case, we may be subject to a wide range of FDA enforcement actions,
including, but not limited to, warning letters, fines, and other penalties, and our business will be adversely affected, as we would
likely be required to cease commercialization (and, possibly, conduct a recall) of the modified product(s) at-issue and may incur
additional expenses in connection with the preparation and submission of a new 510(k). 

We
and our employees and contractors are subject, directly or indirectly, to federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws,
including false claims laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Our
operations are subject to various federal, state and foreign fraud and abuse laws. These laws may affect our operations, including the
financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products. U.S. federal and state laws that
affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from
 knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including
 any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or
 in kind in return for, the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or
 service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid
 programs; 

32 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among
 other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
 claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government payors that are
 false or fraudulent; 

Section
 242 of HIPAA codified at 18 U.S.C. 1347, which created new federal criminal statutes
 that prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or from making false
 or fraudulent statements to defraud any healthcare benefit program (i.e., public or private); 

federal
 transparency laws, including the so-called federal sunshine law, which requires
 the tracking and disclosure to the federal government by pharmaceutical and medical device
 manufacturers of payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals
 as well as ownership and investment interests that are held by physicians and their immediate
 family members; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of these federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws
 that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial
 insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical and medical device companies to comply with
 their industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance
 promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict certain payments that may be
 made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources, state laws that require
 drug and medical device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other
 transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures,
 state laws that prohibit giving gifts to licensed healthcare professionals and state laws
 governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of
 which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating
 compliance efforts in certain circumstances, such as specific disease states. 

In
particular, activities and arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent
fraud, waste and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of activities or other arrangements
related to the development, marketing or promotion of products, including pricing and discounting of products, provision of customer
incentives, provision of reimbursement support, other customer support services, provision of sales commissions or other incentives to
employees and independent contractors and other interactions with healthcare practitioners, other healthcare providers and patients. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrow scope of the statutory or regulatory exceptions and safe harbors available, our business
activities could be challenged under one or more of these laws. Relationships between medical product manufacturers and health care providers
are an area of heightened scrutiny by the government. We engage in various activities, including the conduct of speaker programs to educate
physicians, the provision of reimbursement advice and support to customers, and the provision of customer and patient support services,
that have been the subject of government scrutiny and enforcement action within the medical device industry. 

Government
expectations and industry best practices for compliance continue to evolve and past activities may not always be consistent with current
industry best practices. Further, there is a lack of government guidance as to whether various industry practices comply with these laws,
and government interpretations of these laws continue to evolve, all of which create compliance uncertainties. Any noncompliance could
result in regulatory sanctions, criminal or civil liability and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have a comprehensive compliance
program designed to ensure that our employees and commercial partners activities and interactions with healthcare professionals
and patients are appropriate, ethical, and consistent with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, policies and standards, it is
not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective
in preventing such conduct, mitigating risks, or reducing the chance of governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming
from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. 

If
a government entity opens an investigation into possible violations of any of these laws (which may include the issuance of subpoenas),
we would have to expend significant resources to defend ourselves against the allegations. Allegations that we, our officers, or our
employees violated any one of these laws can be made by individuals called whistleblowers who may be our employees, customers,
competitors or other parties. Government policy is to encourage individuals to become whistleblowers and file a complaint in federal
court alleging wrongful conduct. The government is required to investigate all of these complaints and decide whether to intervene. If
the government intervenes and we are required to pay damages, which in such cases are typically set at three times the actual monetary
damages, to the government, the whistleblower, as a reward, is awarded a percentage of such damages or any settlement amount. If the
government declines to intervene, the whistleblower may proceed on their own and, if they are successful, they will receive a percentage
of any judgment or settlement amount the company is required to pay. The government may also initiate an investigation on its own. If
any such actions are instituted against us, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of
significant fines, and other sanctions that may materially impair our ability to run a profitable business. In particular, if our operations
are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or if we agree to settle with the government without admitting to any
wrongful conduct or if we are found to be in violation of any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we, our officers and employees
may be subject to sanctions, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health
care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations and the imposition of
a corporate integrity agreement, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

We
and our research and development partners use and disclosure of PII, including health information, is subject to federal and state
privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could
have a material adverse effect on our client base, business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Numerous
state and federal laws and regulations, including HIPAA, govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security,
availability and integrity of PII, including protected health information. HIPAA establishes a set of basic national privacy and security
standards for the protection of PHI by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered
entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract for services, which likely includes us. HIPAA requires
healthcare providers and business associates to develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed,
including the adoption of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect such information. HIPAA also implemented the
use of standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic
healthcare transactions, including activities associated with the billing and collection of healthcare claims. HIPAA imposes mandatory
penalties for certain violations. HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents. Courts will
be able to award damages, costs and attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a
private right of action allowing individuals to sue us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis
for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. 

In
addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities or business associates
for compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security Standards. HIPAA further requires that patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition,
access, use or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or security of such information, with certain exceptions
related to unintentional or inadvertent use or disclosure by employees or authorized individuals. HIPAA specifies that such notifications
must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. If a breach affects
500 patients or more, it must be reported to HHS without unreasonable delay, and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its
public web site. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media.
If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS at least annually. 

Numerous
other federal and state laws protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability, integrity and security of PII, including PHI. These
laws in many cases are more restrictive than, and may not be preempted by, the HIPAA rules and may be subject to varying interpretations
by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and our clients and potentially exposing us to additional
expense, adverse publicity and liability. In addition, new health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, congressional
action or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which we must handle healthcare related data, and the cost of complying
with standards could be significant. If we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to PHI, we could be subject
to criminal or civil sanctions. 

Because
of the extreme sensitivity of the PII we or our partners may store and transmit, the security features of our technology platforms are
very important. If our security measures, some of which may be managed by third parties, are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may
be able to obtain access to sensitive client and patient data, including HIPAA-regulated PHI. As a result, our reputation could be severely
damaged, adversely affecting client or investor confidence. Clients may curtail their use of or stop using our products and services,
which would cause our business to suffer. In addition, we could face litigation, damages for contract breach, penalties and regulatory
actions for violation of HIPAA and other applicable laws or regulations and significant costs for remediation, notification to individuals
and for measures to prevent future occurrences. Any potential security breach could also result in increased costs associated with liability
for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage that may have been caused by such breaches, incentives offered to client or
other business partners in an effort to maintain our business relationships after a breach and implementing measures to prevent future
occurrences, including organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging
third-party experts and consultants. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, our
coverage may not be sufficient to compensate for all liability. 

Our
officers, employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or
activities that are improper under other laws and regulations, which would create liability for us. 

We
are exposed to the risk that our officers, employees, independent contractors (including contract research organizations CROs )),
principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity and/or may fail
to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Misconduct by these parties could include, but is not limited to, intentional, reckless and/or
negligent failures to comply with: 

the
 laws and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts requiring, among other things,
 compliance with good manufacturing practice and/or quality system requirements, post-market
 vigilance reporting, product marketing authorization requirements, facility registration
 requirements, the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulatory
 bodies, including but not limited to safety problems associated with the use of our products; 

laws
 and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts concerning the conduct of clinical
 trials and the protection of human research subjects, including but not limited to good clinical
 practices; 

34 

other
 laws and regulations of the FDA and its foreign counterparts relating to the manufacture,
 processing, packing, holding, investigating or distributing in commerce of medical devices,
 biological products and/or HCT/Ps; 

manufacturing
 standards we have established; or 

healthcare
 fraud and abuse laws, including but not limited to, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark
 Law, the FCA, and state law equivalents. 

In
particular, companies involved in the manufacture of medical products are subject to laws and regulations intended to ensure that medical
products that will be used in patients are safe and effective, and, specifically, that they are not adulterated or misbranded, that they
are properly labeled, and have the identity, strength, quality and purity that which they are represented to possess. Further, companies
involved in the research and development of medical products are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to protect research
subjects and ensure the integrity of data generated from clinical trials and of the regulatory review process. Any misconduct in any
of these areas, whether by our own employees or by contractors, vendors, business associates, consultants, or other entities acting as
our agents, could result in regulatory sanctions, criminal or civil liability and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have a
comprehensive compliance program designed to ensure that our employees , CRO partners , principal investigators , consultants ,
and commercial partners activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and patients are appropriate, ethical, and consistent
with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, policies and standards, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct,
and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in preventing such conduct, mitigating risks, or
reducing the chance of governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or
regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, or our CRO partners, principal investigators, consultants, or commercial
partners, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines, and other sanctions
that may materially impair our ability to run a profitable business. 

We
could be adversely affected if healthcare reform measures substantially change the market for medical care or healthcare coverage in
the United States. 

Third
party payors, governmental authorities, and other applicable stakeholders have developed, and are continuing to develop, increasingly
sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been numerous
legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. In particular,
the Affordable Care Act was enacted in the United States in 2010, and various analogous or similarly intended state laws, as well as
a number of executive, legislative, and judicial challenges have followed in the years since. There remains substantial uncertainty and
continued evolution with regard to healthcare reform measures, and we cannot predict the effect that any current or future such measure
will have on our business. Complying with any new or amended legislation, policies, rulings, or other relevant healthcare cost-containment
and/or transparency requirements may be time-intensive and expensive, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

There
have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at
containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts
of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs
of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for some or all of the products we currently market or may
commercialize in the future, if any, including: our ability to receive or set a price that we believe is fair for our products; our ability
to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital.
We expect that existing healthcare reform legislation, and any similar measures implemented in the future, will result in additional
reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, lower reimbursement, and new payment methodologies.
This could lower the prices that we are able to charge or receive for our products and/or may create additional challenges in relation
to reimbursement/coverage. Any denial in coverage or reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may
result in a similar denial or reduction in payments from private payors, which may prevent us from being able to generate sufficient
revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 

Defects,
failures or quality issues associated with our products could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Quality
is extremely important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure. Quality and safety issues
may occur with respect to any of our products, and our future operating results will depend on our ability to maintain an effective quality
control system and effectively train and manage our workforce with respect to our quality system. The development, manufacture and control
of medical products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and similar foreign
agencies. Compliance with these regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections
by the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may also require post-market testing and surveillance
to monitor the performance of products cleared or approved for use in their jurisdictions. Our manufacturing facilities and those of
our suppliers and independent sales agencies are also subject to periodic regulatory inspections. If the FDA or other regulatory authority
were to conclude that we or our suppliers have failed to comply with any of these requirements, it could institute a wide variety of
enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions, such as product recalls or seizures, withdrawals,
monetary penalties, consent decrees, injunctive actions to halt the manufacture or distribution of products, import detentions of products
made outside the United States, export restrictions, restrictions on operations or other civil or criminal sanctions. Civil or criminal
sanctions could be assessed against our officers, employees, or us. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict
us from effectively manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products. 

35 

Relatedly,
although we have contractual indemnity from the manufacturers of our current products for certain liability claims related to their production,
we could face product liability lawsuits or other similar proceedings relating to actual or alleged injuries, defects, deficiencies,
failures, and/or representations relating to our products that could fall outside of the scope of the contractual indemnities. We do
not have, and do not anticipate obtaining, contractual indemnification from parties supplying raw materials or parties marketing the
products we sell. In any event, indemnification from the manufacturers of our products or from any other party is limited by the terms
of the indemnity and by the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party. A successful product liability or other applicable claim or series
of claims brought against us could result in judgments, fines, damages and liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our
business. We may incur significant expense investigating and defending these claims, even if they do not result in liability. Moreover,
even if no judgments, fines, damages or liabilities are imposed on us, our reputation could suffer as result of any such claim, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Product
liability insurance for the healthcare industry may become prohibitively expensive, to the extent it is available at all. We may not
be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or be able to secure increased coverage as commercialization of our products progresses,
nor can we be sure that existing or future claims against us will be covered by our product liability insurance. In the event that we
do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification, product liability claims relating to defective products could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

In
addition, we cannot predict the results of future legislative activity or future court decisions, any of which could increase regulatory
requirements, subject us to government investigations or expose us to unexpected litigation. Any regulatory action or litigation, regardless
of the merits, may result in substantial costs, divert management s attention from other business concerns and place additional
restrictions on our sales or the use of our products. In addition, negative publicity, including regarding a quality or safety issue,
could damage our reputation, reduce market acceptance of our products, cause us to lose customers and decrease demand for our products.
Any actual or perceived quality issues may also result in issuances of physician s advisories against our products or cause us
to conduct voluntary recalls. Any product defects or problems, regulatory action, litigation, negative publicity or recalls could disrupt
our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
issuance of shares upon the exercise of derivative securities or as earnout payments may cause immediate and substantial dilution to
our existing shareholders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 162,916 shares of common stock that were issuable upon the exercise of vested outstanding
stock options and warrants. The issuance of shares upon the exercise of these stock options and warrants may result in dilution to the
equity interest and voting power of holders of our common stock. 

In
the future, we may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common
stock. For instance, certain of the product license agreements we have entered with third parties require us to make payments to such
third parties upon the occurrence of certain events. Pursuant to these product license agreements, we may choose to make such payments
in shares of our common stock. In addition, the Precision Healing merger agreement and the Scendia membership interest purchase agreement
require us to pay up to an aggregate of 20.0 million upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds. In each case and subject
to certain limitations, the earnout consideration is payable in cash or, at our election, in shares of our common stock. 

The
issuance of additional shares of our common stock may substantially dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders. Furthermore,
sales of a substantial amount of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could reduce the
market price of our common stock. This could also impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of our securities. 

It
is possible that we will require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support business growth, and this capital might
not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth and expect to require additional funds to respond to
business challenges. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional
funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing shareholders could suffer significant dilution,
and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock.
Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other
financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities,
including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable
to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when and if we require it, our ability to continue to support our
business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed. 

36 

The
trading price of the shares of our common stock is highly volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

technological
 innovations or new products and services by us or by our competitors, including announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or
 capital commitments; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance; 

sales
 of our common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

industry
 developments; 

changes
 in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure
 to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of
 our common stock; 

general
 market conditions, including market volatility and inflation; 

fluctuations
 in stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies; 

economic,
 political and other external factors; 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results; 

applicable
 regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries, both generally or specific
 to us and our products; and 

intellectual
 property, product liability or other litigation against us. 

Although
publicly traded securities are subject to price and volume fluctuations, it is likely that our common stock will experience these fluctuations
to a greater degree than the securities of more established and better capitalized organizations. 

Our
common stock does not have a vigorous trading market, and you may not be able to sell your securities at or near ask prices, or at all. 

Although
there is a public market for our common stock, trading volume has been historically low, which could impact our stock price and your
ability to sell shares of our common stock at or near ask prices, or at all. We can give no assurance that a more active and liquid public
market for the shares of our common stock will develop in the future. 

The
potential sale of large amounts of common stock may have a negative effect upon the market value of our shares. 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market, including pursuant to the Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement we entered into with Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co. in February 2023, or the perception that these sales might occur could harm
the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. As additional
shares of our common stock become available for resale in the public market, the supply of our common stock will increase, which could
decrease the price of our common stock. 

37 

We
have not paid, and we are unlikely to pay, cash dividends on our securities in the near future. Because we have no current plans to pay
cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common
stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We
have not paid and do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, which may limit the current return available on an investment
in our stock. Future dividends on our stock, if any, will depend on our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and
such other factors as our management may consider relevant. Currently, we intend to retain earnings, if any, to increase our net worth
and reserves. Consequently, shareholders will only realize an economic gain on their investment in our common stock if the price appreciates.
Shareholders should not purchase our common stock expecting to receive cash dividends. Because we currently do not pay dividends, and
there may be limited trading in our common stock, shareholders may not have any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on their common
stock. Therefore, our failure to pay dividends may cause shareholders to not see any return on their common stock even if we are successful
in our business operations. In addition, because we do not pay dividends, we may have trouble raising additional funds, which could affect
our ability to expand our business operations. 

A
few of our existing shareholders own a large percentage of our voting stock and have control over matters requiring shareholder approval
and may delay or prevent a change in control or otherwise lead to actual or potential conflicts of interest. 

As
of March 17, 2023, our directors beneficially owned, including through their affiliates, approximately 55 of our outstanding common
stock. As a result, our directors and their affiliates could have the ability to exert substantial influence over all matters requiring
approval by our shareholders, including (i) the election and removal of directors, (ii) any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of our assets as well as other corporate transactions and (iii) any amendment to our Certificate of Formation,
as amended (the Certificate of Formation ). This concentration of control could be disadvantageous to other shareholders
having different interests. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock
because investors sometimes perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling shareholders. 

In
addition, our Certificate of Formation contains a provision which under the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC could allow the shareholders who own a majority of our common stock to approve certain major transactions without the approval of other
shareholders that otherwise would be required under Texas corporation law. 

Our
Certificate of Formation includes provisions limiting the personal liability of our directors for breaches of fiduciary duties under
Texas law. 

Our
Certificate of Formation contains a provision eliminating a director s personal liability to the fullest extent permitted under
Texas law. Pursuant to the TBOC, a corporation has the power to indemnify its directors and officers against judgments and certain expenses
other than judgments that are actually and reasonably incurred in connection with a proceeding, provided that there is a determination
that the individual acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the individual s conduct was unlawful. However,
no indemnification may be made in respect of any proceeding in which such individual is liable to the corporation or improperly received
a personal benefit and is found liable for willful misconduct, breach of the duty of loyalty owed to the corporation, or an act or omission
deemed not to be committed in good faith. 

The
principal effect of the limitation on liability provision is that a shareholder will be unable to prosecute an action for monetary damages
against a director unless the shareholder can demonstrate a basis for liability for which indemnification is not available under the
TBOC. This provision, however, should not limit or eliminate our rights or any shareholder s rights to seek nonmonetary relief,
such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director s fiduciary duty. This provision will not alter a director s
liability under federal securities laws. The inclusion of this provision in our Certificate of Formation may discourage or deter shareholders
or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for a breach of their fiduciary duties, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise have benefited us and our shareholders. 

Texas
law and our Certificate of Formation and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that
shareholders may consider favorable. 

Under
our Certificate of Formation, our board of directors can authorize the issuance of preferred stock, which could diminish the rights of
holders of our common stock and make a change of control of the Company more difficult even if it might benefit our shareholders. The
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, preferences and
other rights and limitations of the preferred stock. Accordingly, we may issue shares of preferred stock with a preference over our common
stock with respect to dividends or distributions on liquidation or dissolution, or that may otherwise adversely affect the voting or
other rights of the holders of common stock. Issuances of preferred stock, depending upon the rights, preferences and designations of
the preferred stock, may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control, even if that change of control might
benefit our shareholders. 

In
addition, provisions of our Certificate of Formation and bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential
change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for
their shares, or transactions that our shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. For example, our Certificate
of Formation and bylaws (i) do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of
common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose),
(ii) require that special meetings of the shareholders be called by the Chairman of the board of directors, the President or the board
of directors, or by the holders of not less than ten percent (10 of all the shares issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, (iii)
permit our board of directors to alter, amend or repeal our bylaws or to adopt new bylaws, and (iv) enable our board of directors to
increase the number of persons serving as directors and to fill vacancies created as a result of the increase by a majority vote of the
directors present at a meeting of directors. 

38 

While
we are subject to the provisions of Title 2, Chapter 21, Subchapter M of the TBOC, which provides that a Texas corporation that qualifies
as an issuing public corporation (as defined in the TBOC) may not engage in specified types of business combinations, including
mergers, consolidations and asset sales, with a person, or an affiliate or associate of that person, who is an affiliated shareholder, 
the restrictions in Title 2, Chapter 21, Subchapter M of the TBOC do not apply to us because we have elected, in the manner provided
under the TBOC, not to be subject to such provisions. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

Our
shares of common stock are currently listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SMTI. If we fail
to satisfy the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC Nasdaq ), such as the corporate governance
requirements, the shareholder s equity requirement or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist
our common stock. Such a delisting or even notification of failure to comply with such requirements would likely have a negative effect
on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event
of a delisting, we expect that we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide
no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve
the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future
noncompliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any buildings or other real property. We have three material operating leases for office space. Our leased office space in
Fort Worth, Texas consists of approximately 5,877 square feet of rentable space located in Summit Office Park, a twin-building, mid-rise,
242,000 square foot office park located on the perimeter of the Fort Worth central business district. The lease has a remaining lease
term of 18 months as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
leased office space in San Antonio, Texas consists of approximately 7,289 square feet of rentable space located in a 14,500 square foot
office park in an industrial district in San Antonio, Texas. This lease has a remaining lease term of 32 months as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
leased office space in Orlando, Florida represents a lease we assumed in connection with our acquisition of Scendia. The lease consists
of approximately 7,684 square feet in a 22,947 square foot office building. However, we are co-tenants in the lease with an unaffiliated
company with our share of the lease being agreed to as 40 or approximately 3,074 square feet. The lease has a remaining term of 49 months
as of December 31, 2022. 

We
periodically enter into operating lease contracts for office space and equipment. Arrangements are evaluated at inception to determine
whether such arrangements constitute a lease. In accordance with the transition guidance of Accounting Standards Codification Topic No.
842, such arrangements are included in our balance sheet as of January 1, 2020. 

See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our operating leases. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. To our knowledge, there are
no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

This
item is not applicable. 

39 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol SMTI. The closing price of our common stock
as reported by Nasdaq on March 17, 2023, was 40.01. 

Record
Holders 

As
of March 17, 2023, there were 271 shareholders of record and there were 8,376,833 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
The number of shareholders of record does not reflect the number of persons or entities who held stock in nominee or street name
through various brokerage firms. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
We currently expect to retain any future earnings to fund our operations and the expansion of our business. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not previously reported on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table summarizes our share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 11,745 
 29.49 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 11,745 
 29.49 
 - 
 - 

(a) The
 shares of common stock presented in the table above were originally granted to employees as restricted stock awards. Our Restated 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan
 (the LTIP Plan allows for the withholding of shares to satisfy tax obligations
 due upon the vesting of restricted stock. Pursuant to the LTIP Plan, the shares reflected
 above were relinquished by employees in exchange for our agreement to pay U.S.
 federal, state and local tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of the Company s
 restricted stock. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about future revenues, operating results, plans and expectations.
Forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties
and our results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known or unknown
factors, including, but not limited to, those factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Also, please read the Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In
addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as our Consolidated
Financial Statements and the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a medical technology company focused on developing and commercializing transformative technologies to improve clinical outcomes and
reduce healthcare expenditures in the surgical, chronic wound and skincare markets. Each of our products, services and technologies
contributes to our overall goal of achieving better clinical outcomes at a lower overall cost for patients regardless of where they receive
care. We strive to be one of the most innovative and comprehensive providers of effective surgical, wound and skincare solutions and
are continually seeking to expand our offerings for patients requiring treatments across the entire continuum of care in the United States. 

We
currently market several products across surgical and chronic wound care applications and have multiple products in our pipeline. We
currently license certain of our products from Applied Nutritionals, LLC AN (through a sublicense with CGI Cellerate
RX, LLC CGI Cellerate RX ), an affiliate of The Catalyst Group, Inc. Catalyst )) and Rochal Industries,
LLC Rochal and have the right to exclusively distribute certain products manufactured by Cook Biotech Inc. Cook Biotech ). In addition, through our subsidiary, Scendia Biologics, LLC Scendia ), we license our
products from multiple manufacturers. 

In
July 2021, we acquired certain assets from Rochal, including, among others, intellectual property, four U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA 510(k) clearances, rights to license certain products and technologies currently under development, equipment and
supplies. As a result of the asset purchase, our pipeline now contains product candidates for mitigation of opportunistic pathogens and
biofilm, wound re-epithelialization and closure, necrotic tissue debridement and cell compatible substrates. Since our acquisition of
assets from Rochal, we have been developing additional products in our own product pipeline. 

In
April 2022, we entered into a merger agreement through which Precision Healing Inc. Precision Healing became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. Precision Healing is developing a diagnostic imager and lateral flow assay LFA for assessing
a patient s wound and skin conditions. This comprehensive wound and skin assessment technology is designed to quantify biochemical
markers to determine the trajectory of a wound s condition to enable better diagnosis and treatment protocol. We plan to submit
a 510(k) premarket notification for the Precision Healing diagnostic imager in 2023. We also plan to submit a 510(k) premarket notification
for the Precision Healing LFA in 2023. 

40 

In
July 2022, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Scendia and Ryan Phillips (the Seller pursuant
to which we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Scendia from the Seller. Since our acquisition of Scendia,
we have been selling a full line of regenerative and orthobiologic technologies including (i) TEXAGEN Amniotic Membrane Allograft TEXAGEN ),
(ii) BiFORM Bioactive Moldable Matrix BiFORM ), (iii) AMPLIFY Verified Inductive Bone Matrix AMPLIFY and
(iv) ALLOCYTE Advanced Cellular Bone Matrix ALLOCYTE ). 

In
November 2022, we established a partnership with InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. InfuSystem focused on delivering a complete
wound care solution targeted at improving patient outcomes, lowering the cost of care, and increasing patient and provider satisfaction.
The partnership is expected to enable InfuSystem to offer innovative products, including Cork Medical, LLC s negative pressure
wound therapy devices and supplies, and our advanced wound care product line and associated services to new customers. 

Comprehensive
Value-Based Care Strategy 

In
June 2020, we formed a subsidiary, United Wound and Skin Solutions, LLC UWSS or WounDerm ), to hold certain
investments and operations in wound and skincare virtual consult services. Through WounDerm, we plan to offer a comprehensive wound and
skincare solution and partner with value-based care providers with the dual goal of lowering the cost to treat wounds while improving
clinical outcomes. 

Our
comprehensive solution consists of four key components: diagnostics, virtual consult services for wound care and dermatology, proprietary
efficacious products, and a wound care and dermatology specific electronic medical record EMR and mobile application.
We expect these components will work synergistically to allow clinicians to analyze and treat wound and dermatology conditions more efficiently
than the current standard of care: 

Diagnostics 
Our proprietary imager and LFA currently under development, which we recently acquired through our acquisition of Precision Healing, are designed to
quantify key biomarkers that dictate the trajectory of wound healing and identify deficiencies to aid in treatment. Ultimately, we
believe that our diagnostics will lead to treatment algorithms based on the data collected by the Precision Healing
technology. 

Virtual
Consult Services Through our exclusive affiliation with Direct Dermatology Inc., we can offer virtual consult services
for wound care and dermatology provided by experienced, specialized physicians and clinicians. 

Proprietary Products We currently offer products for improving patient outcomes by addressing conditions that impact wound
healing. We are currently conducting multiple studies to prove the efficacy of our products while developing and exploring new products
and opportunities in our six focus areas of (1) debridement, (2) biofilm removal, (3) hydrolyzed collagen, (4) advanced biologics, (5)
negative pressure wound therapy products and (6) the oxygen delivery system segment of the wound and skincare market. 

EMR and Mobile Application Our EMR and mobile application were developed specifically for wound care and dermatology.
We are currently developing the capability for the EMR and mobile application to offer wound tracking analytics, recommended treatments
and decision support and automated referrals. 

We
believe that by offering a proprietary comprehensive solution for wound care and dermatology, we will be a value-added partner for providers
in value-based care programs, such as Medicare Advantage and other risk-based contracts. 

Recent
Acquisitions 

Rochal 

In
July 2021, we acquired certain assets from Rochal, including, among others, intellectual property, four FDA 510(k) clearances,
rights to license certain products and technologies currently under development, equipment, and supplies. In exchange for the
acquired assets, we paid Rochal (i) 496,100 in cash and (ii) 14,369 shares of common stock. As a result of the asset purchase, our
pipeline now contains product candidates for mitigation of opportunistic pathogens and biofilm, wound re-epithelialization and
closure, necrotic tissue debridement and cell compatible substrates. 

Precision Healing 

In
April 2022, we closed a merger transaction with Precision Healing, pursuant to which Precision Healing became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. Precision Healing is developing a diagnostic imager and LFA for assessing a patient s wound and skin conditions.
This comprehensive wound and skin assessment technology is designed to quantify biochemical markers to determine the trajectory of a
wound s condition to enable better diagnosis and treatment protocol. 

Pursuant to the merger agreement, among other things,
we agreed to (i) pay the holders of Precision Healing common stock and preferred stock closing consideration consisting of 165,738 shares
of our common stock, which was issued to accredited investors, and 125,966 in cash, which was paid to stockholders who were not accredited
investors (ii) pay approximately 0.6 million of transaction expenses on behalf of the equity holders of Precision Healing, (iii) assume
all outstanding options and warrants of Precision Healing and (iv) pay, subject to the achievement of certain performance thresholds,
earnout consideration of up to 10.0 million which is payable in cash or, at our election, is payable to accredited investors in shares
of our common stock. 

41 

Scendia 

In July 2022, we entered into a membership interest
purchase agreement by and among the Company, Scendia and Seller pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership
interests in Scendia from the Seller. Scendia provides clinicians and surgeons with a full line of regenerative and orthobiologic technologies.
Beginning in early 2022, the Company began co-promoting certain products with Scendia, including: (i) TEXAGEN Amniotic Membrane Allograft,
(ii) BiFORM Bioactive Moldable Matrix, (iii) AMPLIFY Verified Inductive Bone Matrix and (iv) ALLOCYTE Advanced Cellular Bone Matrix. Prior
to the acquisition, Scendia owned 50 of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Sanara Biologics, LLC Sanara Biologics ),
and the Company owned the remaining 50 of the membership interests. As a result of the acquisition, the Company indirectly acquired all
the interests in Sanara Biologics, such that the Company now holds 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests in Sanara Biologics. 

Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the aggregate
consideration at closing for the acquisition was 7.6 million, which consisted of (i) a 1.6 million cash payment, subject to certain
adjustments, and (ii) 291,686 shares of our common stock, with an agreed upon value of 6.0 million. Pursuant to the purchase agreement,
at closing, we withheld 94,798 shares of common stock with an agreed upon value of 1.95 million (the Indemnity Holdback Shares ),
which such Indemnity Holdback Shares shall be withheld, issued, and released to the Seller after closing as and to the extent provided
in the purchase agreement to satisfy the Seller s indemnification obligations, if any. 

In addition to the cash and stock consideration,
the purchase agreement provides that the Seller is entitled to receive two potential earnout payments, payable on an annual basis, not
to exceed 10.0 million in the aggregate. The earnout consideration is payable to the Seller in cash or, at our election, in up to 486,145
shares of our common stock upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds relating to net revenue attributable to sales of Scendia
products during the two-year period following the closing. 

Recent
Developments 

Sanara
Pulsar, LLC 

In
May 2019, we organized Sanara Pulsar, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Sanara Pulsar ), which was owned 60 by our
wholly owned subsidiary Cellerate, LLC Cellerate ), and 40 by Wound Care Solutions, Limited WCS ), an unaffiliated
company registered in the United Kingdom. At the time of the formation of Sanara Pulsar, Sanara Pulsar and WCS entered into a supply
agreement whereby Sanara Pulsar became the exclusive distributor in the United States of certain wound care products, including the Sanara
Pulsar II AWI Wound Debridement System, that utilized intellectual property developed and owned by WCS (collectively, the Pulsar
Products ). When we formed Sanara Pulsar, we believed the Pulsar Products would provide clinicians with a novel debridement solution.
We also believed the Pulsar Products would receive an expanded reimbursement code for use by all clinician types. 

Ultimately,
we did not receive an additional reimbursement code, which limited the adoption of the Pulsar Products. Sanara Pulsar, which had minimal
sales since its inception, was dissolved effective December 2022. As a result, we recorded a 1.0 million noncash loss on disposal of
investment in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Sources
of Revenues 

Our
revenue is derived primarily from sales of our surgical products to hospitals and other acute care facilities. In particular, the
substantial majority of our product sales revenue is derived from sales of CellerateRX surgical powder. Our revenue is driven by
direct orders shipped by us to our customers, and to a lesser extent, direct sales to customers through delivery at the time of
procedure by one of our sales representatives. We generally recognize revenue when a purchase order is received from the customer
and our product is received by the customer. 

42 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenues included 6.0 million of revenue generated by Scendia, which was acquired by the Company
in July 2022. Revenue streams from product sales and royalties are summarized below for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Product sales revenue 
 45,641,845 
 23,942,919 
 
 Royalty revenue 
 201,000 
 201,000 
 
 Total Net Revenue 
 45,842,845 
 24,143,919 

We
recognize royalty revenue from a development and licensing agreement with BioStructures, LLC. We record revenue each calendar quarter
as earned per the terms of the agreement which stipulates that we will receive quarterly royalty payments of at least 50,250. Under
the terms of the development and license agreement, royalties of 2.0 are recognized on sales of products containing our patented resorbable
bone hemostasis. The minimum annual royalty due to us is 201,000 per year through the end of
2023. These royalties are payable in quarterly installments of 50,250. To date, royalties related to this development and licensing
agreement have not exceeded the annual minimum of 201,000 50,250 per quarter). 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold consists primarily of the acquisition costs from the manufacturers of our licensed products, raw material costs for certain
components sourced directly by us, and all related royalties due as a result of the sale of our products. Our gross profit represents
total net revenue less the cost of goods sold, and gross margin represents gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. 

Operating
Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of salaries, sales commissions, benefits, bonuses
and stock-based compensation. SG A also includes outside legal counsel fees, audit fees, insurance premiums, rent and other
corporate expenses. We expense all SG A expenses as incurred. 

Research
and development R D expenses include costs related to enhancements to our currently
available products and additional investments in our product, services and technologies development pipeline. This includes
personnel-related expenses, including salaries and benefits for all personnel directly engaged in R D activities, contracted
services, materials, prototype expenses and allocated overhead, which is comprised of lease expense and other facilities related
costs. We expense R D costs as incurred. We generally expect that R D expenses will increase as we continue to support
product enhancements and bring new products to market. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses include depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets that have a finite life, such as
product licenses, patents and intellectual property, customer relationships and assembled workforces. 

Other
Expense 

Other
expense is primarily comprised of losses on equity method investments, accretion expense on earnout liabilities, interest expense and
other nonoperating activities. 

Results
of Operations 

Net
Revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated net revenues of 45.8 million compared to net revenues of 24.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a 90 increase from the prior year. Our 2022 net revenues included 6.0 million of
Scendia sales. The higher net revenues in 2022 were primarily due to increased sales of surgical wound care products as a result of
our increased market penetration and geographic expansion, additional revenues as a result of the Scendia acquisition and our
continuing strategy to expand our independent distribution network in both new and existing U.S. markets. 

During the third quarter of 2022, we began to experience
supply issues with the ALLOCYTE product line. The amount of qualifying eligible donor tissue was significantly reduced industry wide due
to the stringent screening required. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we were unable to fill certain orders for this product which negatively
impacted our sales. We anticipate resolution of the supply issues in the second half of 2023. 

Cost
of goods sold . Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6.4 million, compared to costs of goods sold of 2.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher cost of goods sold was due to higher organic sales volume in 2022 and our acquisition
of Scendia, which added 2.0 million of cost of goods sold during 2022. Gross margins were approximately 86 and 90 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lower gross margins in 2022 were primarily due to lower margins realized on sales of Scendia
products. 

43 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 46.0 million compared to SG A
expenses of 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our 2022 SG A expenses included 2.9 million of costs related to Scendia
operations. The higher SG A expenses in 2022 were primarily due to higher direct sales and marketing expenses, which accounted for
approximately 13.6 million, or 76 of the increase compared to prior year. The higher direct sales and marketing expenses were primarily
attributable to an increase in sales commissions of 9.6 million as a result of higher product sales and 2.7 million of increased costs
as a result of sales force expansion and operational support. Costs related to travel and in-person promotional activities increased
by 0.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the resumption of many in-person activities that were cancelled or postponed in 2021
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in 2022 SG A expenses was also partly attributable to increased noncash equity
compensation and higher payroll costs related to the mid-year addition of the Rochal workforce in July 2021, the Precision Healing workforce
in April 2022 and the Scendia workforce in July 2022. We expect our SG A expenses to continue to decline as a percentage of net revenues as our sales growth outpaces
the costs of sales force expansion and corporate overhead. 

Research
and development expenses . R D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 3.4 million compared to 0.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. R D expenses for 2022 included approximately 2.5 million of costs related to our newly acquired Precision
Healing diagnostic imager and LFA for assessing patient wound and skin conditions. The higher R D expenses in 2022
were also partly due to costs associated with several new development projects for our currently licensed products. 

Depreciation and amortization expense. 
Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2.4 million compared to 0.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The higher depreciation and amortization expense during 2022 was primarily due to the amortization
of intangible assets acquired as part of the Precision Healing and Scendia transactions. 

Other expense. Other expense for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.7 million compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher other
expense in 2022 was primarily due to a 1.0 million loss recognized due to the dissolution of Sanara Pulsar. In May 2019, we
organized Sanara Pulsar, which was owned 60 by our wholly owned subsidiary Cellerate and 40 by WCS. At the time of the formation
of Sanara Pulsar, it and WCS, entered into a supply agreement whereby Sanara Pulsar became the exclusive distributor in the United
States of certain wound care products that utilize intellectual property developed and owned by WCS. Sanara Pulsar had minimal sales
since its inception and was dissolved effective December 2022. The higher other expense was also due to the recognition of 0.3
million of accretion expense on earnout liabilities related to our Precision Healing and Scendia transactions partially offset by
lower losses from equity method investment in Precision Healing prior to our acquisition of the remaining interest in April
2022. 

Loss before income taxes . We had a loss
before income taxes of 13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss before income taxes of 8.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher loss in 2022 was due to increased SG A costs, higher R D expenses, the loss on disposal
of investment related to the dissolution of Sanara Pulsar and higher amortization of our acquired intangible assets as discussed above. 

Income
tax benefit. We recognized net deferred
tax liabilities associated with the Precision Healing and Scendia transactions. As of December 31, 2022, prior to consideration of these
deferred tax liabilities, the Company had net deferred tax assets in excess of the deferred tax liabilities being recognized, however,
a 100 valuation allowance had previously been provided against the Company s net deferred tax assets. As a result of the recording
of the net deferred tax liabilities related to the Precision Healing merger and Scendia acquisition, the Company has reviewed the valuation
allowance and determined that it should be reduced by the amount of the net deferred tax liabilities that were recognized. This resulted
in recognition of an income tax benefit of 5.8 million recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net loss . For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of 8.1 million, compared to a net loss of 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash on hand at December 31, 2022 was 9.0 million,
compared to 18.7 million at December 31, 2021. Historically, we have financed our operations primarily from the sale of equity securities.
In February 2021, we closed an underwritten public offering of 1,265,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 25.00
per share resulting in gross proceeds of 31.6 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.
We expect our future needs for cash to include funding potential acquisitions, further developing our products, services and technologies
pipeline and clinical studies, expanding our sales force and for general corporate purposes. Based on our current plan of operations,
we believe our cash on hand, when combined with expected cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to fund our growth strategy and
to meet our anticipated operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 

44 

On
February 24, 2023, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with
Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as sales agent Cantor ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell from time to time,
to or through Cantor, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million. 

Sales
of the shares, if any, pursuant to the Sales Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as
defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms
and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Cantor agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market to sell the shares from
time to time based upon our instructions, including any price, time period or size limits specified by us. We have no obligation to sell any of the shares under the Sales Agreement and may at any time suspend or terminate the offering of
our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement upon notice to Cantor and subject to other conditions. Cantor s obligations to
sell the shares under the Sales Agreement are subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including customary closing conditions.
Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, we will pay Cantor a commission of 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of the
shares. 

From February 24, 2023 through March 17, 2023, the
Company sold an aggregate of 17,878 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 732,000 and net proceeds of approximately
 710,000. 

In
July 2019, we executed a license agreement with Rochal pursuant to which we acquired an exclusive world-wide license to market, sell
and further develop antimicrobial products for the prevention and treatment of microbes on the human body utilizing certain Rochal patents
and pending patent applications (the BIAK S License Agreement ). Under the terms of the BIAK S License Agreement,
we agreed to pay Rochal 750,000 upon the completion of a capital raise, on or before December 31, 2022, of at least 10,000,000 through
the sale of our common stock or assets. At our option, the 750,000 payment may have been paid in any combination of cash and our common
stock. In March 2021, we issued 20,834 shares of our common stock to Rochal as full payment of the 750,000 which became due upon the
completion of our capital raise in February 2021. 

In June 2021, we invested 2.1 million to purchase
278,587 Class A Preferred Shares (the Shares of Canada based Pixalere Healthcare Inc. Pixalere ). The Shares
are convertible into approximately 27.3 of the outstanding equity of Pixalere. Pixalere provides a cloud-based wound care software tool
that empowers nurses, specialists and administrators to deliver better care for patients. In connection with our purchase of the Shares,
Pixalere granted Pixalere Healthcare USA, LLC Pixalere USA ), our subsidiary, a royalty-free exclusive license to use the
Pixalere software and platform in the United States. In conjunction with the grant of the license, we issued Pixalere a 27.3 equity ownership
interest in Pixalere USA valued at 0.1 million. 

In
July 2021, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Rochal, effective July 1, 2021, pursuant to which we purchased certain assets
of Rochal, including, among others, certain of Rochal s intellectual property, furniture and equipment, supplies, rights and claims,
other than certain excluded assets, all as more specifically set forth in the asset purchase agreement, and assumed certain liabilities
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement. In exchange for the acquired assets, we paid
to Rochal (i) 496,100 in cash and (ii) 14,369 shares of our common stock and assumed certain net liabilities of 3,900. 

In
November 2020, we entered into agreements to purchase shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Stock of Precision Healing for an aggregate purchase price of 600,000. In 2021, we made additional purchases of Series A Stock: 600,000 in
February, 500,000 in June, 500,000 in October, and 600,000 in December. 

In
April 2022, we closed a merger transaction with Precision Healing pursuant to which Precision Healing became our wholly owned subsidiary.
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, holders of Precision Healing common stock and preferred stock, other than the Company,
were entitled to receive closing consideration, consisting of 125,966 in cash, which was paid to stockholders who were not accredited
investors, 165,738 shares of our common stock, which was paid only to accredited investors, and the payment in cash of approximately
 0.6 million of transaction expenses of Precision Healing. We recorded the issuance of the 165,738 shares to accredited investors and
cash payments to nonaccredited investors based on the closing price per share of our common stock on April 4, 2022, which was 30.75. 

Upon
the closing of the merger, the outstanding Precision Healing options previously granted under the Precision Healing Inc. 2020 Stock Option
and Grant Plan (the Precision Healing Plan converted, pursuant to their terms, into options to acquire an aggregate of
144,191 shares of our common stock with a weighted exercise price of 10.71 per share. These options expire between August 2030 and April
2031. In addition, outstanding and unexercised Precision Healing warrants converted into rights to receive warrants to purchase (i) 4,424
shares of our common stock with an initial exercise price of 7.32 per share and an expiration date of April 22, 2031, and (ii) 12,301
shares of our common stock with an initial exercise price of 12.05 per share and an expiration date of August 10, 2030. Concurrent with
the assumption of the Precision Healing Plan, we terminated the ability to offer future awards under the Precision Healing Plan. 

45 

Pursuant
to the merger agreement, upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds, the securityholders of Precision Healing, including
the holders of options and warrants to purchase Precision Healing common stock and certain persons promised options to purchase Precision
Healing common stock, are also entitled to receive payments of up to 10.0 million, which was accounted for as contingent consideration
pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations. The earnout consideration is payable in cash or, at our
election, is payable to accredited investors in shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to the greater of (i) 27.13 or
(ii) the average closing price of our common stock for the 20 trading days prior to the date such earnout consideration is due and payable.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, a minimum percentage of the earnout consideration may be required to be issued to accredited investors
in shares of our common stock for tax purposes. The amount and composition of the portion of earnout consideration payable is subject
to adjustment and offsets as set forth in the merger agreement. 

In
July 2022, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement by and among the Company, Scendia and the Seller pursuant to which,
and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein, we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests
in Scendia from the Seller. 

Pursuant
to the purchase agreement, the Seller was entitled to receive closing consideration consisting of (i) approximately 1.6 million of cash,
subject to certain adjustments, and (ii) 291,686 shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, at closing, we withheld
94,798 shares of common stock with an agreed upon value of 1.95 million (the Indemnity Holdback Shares ), which such Indemnity
Holdback Shares shall be withheld, issued, and released to the Seller after closing as and to the extent provided in the purchase agreement
to satisfy the Seller s indemnification obligations, if any. 

In
addition to the cash consideration and the stock consideration, the purchase agreement provides that the Seller is entitled to receive
two potential earnout payments, payable on an annual basis, not to exceed 10.0 million in the aggregate. The earnout consideration is
payable to the Seller in cash or, at our election, in up to 486,145 shares of our common stock upon the achievement of certain performance
thresholds relating to net revenue attributable to sales of Scendia products during the two-year period following the closing. 

Cash
Flow Analysis 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used
in operating activities was 5.6 million compared to 4.8 million used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
higher use of cash in 2022 was primarily due to higher SG A expenses related to direct sales and marketing efforts, the addition of
the Rochal workforce in mid-2021, the Precision Healing and Scendia workforces in 2022, higher R D costs related to Precision Healing
and the resumption of certain travel and promotional activities in 2022 which were cancelled or postponed in 2021 as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used
in investing activities was 3.5 million compared to 5.3 million used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The lower use of cash used in investing activities in 2022 was primarily due to fewer cash investments in equity securities during 2022,
partially offset by cash used in the Precision Healing merger and the Scendia acquisition. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used
in financing activities was 0.6 million as compared to 28.3 million provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31,
2021. The cash provided by financing activities in 2021 was due to proceeds received pursuant to an underwritten public offering of 1,265,000
shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 25.00 per share resulting in gross proceeds of 31.6 million, less underwriting
discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

Material
Transactions with Related Parties 

CellerateRX
Surgical Sublicense Agreement 

We have an exclusive, world-wide sublicense to
distribute CellerateRX Surgical and HYCOL products into the surgical and wound care markets from an affiliate of Catalyst, CGI
Cellerate RX, which licenses the rights to CellerateRX from AN. Sales of CellerateRX have comprised the substantial majority of our
sales during 2022 and 2021. In January 2021, we amended the term of the sublicense agreement to extend the term to May 17, 2050,
with automatic successive one-year renewals so long as annual net sales of the licensed products exceed 1.0 million. We pay
royalties based on the annual Net Sales of licensed products (as defined in the sublicense agreement) consisting of 3 of all
collected Net Sales each year up to 12.0 million, 4 of all collected Net Sales each year that exceed 12.0 million up to 20.0
million, and 5 of all collected Net Sales each year that exceed 20.0 million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
royalty expense was 1.8 million and 0.9 million, respectively under the terms of this agreement. 

Ronald
T. Nixon, our Executive Chairman, is the founder and managing partner of Catalyst. 

46 

Rochal
Asset Purchase 

In
July 2021, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Rochal, effective July 1, 2021, pursuant to which we purchased certain assets
of Rochal, including, among others, certain of Rochal s intellectual property, furniture and equipment, supplies, rights and claims,
and assumed certain liabilities upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement. In exchange for
the acquired assets, we paid Rochal (i) 496,100 in cash and (ii) 14,369 shares of our common stock. 

After
the asset purchase, Rochal owned 95,203 shares of our common stock. Mr. Nixon is a director of Rochal, and indirectly a significant shareholder
of Rochal, and through the potential exercise of warrants, a majority shareholder of Rochal. Additionally, Ann Beal Salamone, a director
of the Company, is a significant shareholder and the current Chair of the board of directors of Rochal. 

Consulting
Agreement 

Concurrent
with the Rochal asset purchase, in July 2021, we entered into a consulting agreement with Ann Beal Salamone pursuant to which Ms. Salamone
agreed to provide the Company with consulting services with respect to, among other things, writing new patents, conducting patent intelligence
and participating in certain grant and contract reporting. In consideration for the consulting services to be provided to us, Ms. Salamone
is entitled to receive an annual consulting fee of 177,697, with payments to be paid once per month. The consulting agreement has an
initial term of three years, unless earlier terminated by the Company, and is subject to renewal. 

Receivables
and Payables 

We
had outstanding related party receivables totaling 98,548 at December 31, 2022, and 79,787 at December 31, 2021. We had
outstanding related party payables 34,036 at December 31, 2022, and 155,817 at December 31,
2021. 

Impact
of Inflation and Changing Prices 

Inflation
and changing prices have not had a material impact on our historical results of operations. We do not currently anticipate that inflation
and changing prices will have a material impact on our future results of operations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. The results of these assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Under different assumptions or conditions, actual results may differ from
these estimates. 

We
have identified certain significant accounting policies and estimates which involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in making
certain estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, as summarized below. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. Revenues are recognized when a purchase order is received from the customer and control of the promised goods or services
is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for
transferring those goods or services. Revenue is recognized based on the following five-step model: 

- Identification
 of the contract with a customer 
 
 - Identification
 of the performance obligations in the contract 
 
 - Determination
 of the transaction price 
 
 - Allocation
 of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
 
 - Recognition
 of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation 

47 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value, with cost computed on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventories consist of finished goods and related packaging components.
We recorded inventory obsolescence expense of 0.5 million in 2022 and 0.3 million in 2021. The allowance for obsolete and slow-moving
inventory had a balance of 0.5 million at December 31, 2022, and 0.3 million at December 31, 2021. 

Goodwill 

The excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations is
recorded as goodwill. As of December 31, 2022, all of our goodwill relates to the acquisition of Scendia. Goodwill has an indefinite useful
life and is not amortized. Goodwill is tested annually as of December 31 for impairment, or more frequently if circumstances indicate
impairment may have occurred. We may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting unit is less than the respective carrying value. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that a reporting
unit s fair value is less than its carrying value, then we will determine the fair value of the reporting unit and record an impairment
charge for the difference between fair value and carrying value (not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill). No impairment was recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, including certain identifiable intangibles held and to be used by us, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We continuously evaluate the recoverability
of our long-lived assets based on estimated future cash flows and the estimated liquidation value of such long-lived assets and provide
for impairment if such undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to recover the carrying amount of the long-lived assets. If impairment
exists, an adjustment is made to write the asset down to its fair value, and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying
value and fair value. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, undiscounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals,
as applicable. Assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less cost to sell. No impairment
was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Investments
in Equity Securities 

Our
equity investments consist of nonmarketable equity securities in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values. Unless
accounted for under the equity method of accounting, the investments are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes
resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. 

We
apply the equity method of accounting to investments when we have significant influence, but not controlling interest, in the investee.
Judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as ownership interest,
representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions. Our proportionate
share of the net income (loss) resulting from these investments is reported under the line item captioned Share of losses from
equity method investment in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our equity method investment is adjusted each period for
our share of the investee s income or loss and dividend paid, if any. We classify distributions received from our equity method
investment using the cumulative earnings approach on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As a result of the Precision Healing merger in April 2022, as of December 31, 2022, we do not have any investments
which are recorded applying the equity method of accounting. 

We
have reviewed the carrying value of our investments and have determined there was no impairment or observable price changes as of December
31, 2022. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic No. 740, Income Taxes. This standard requires us to provide a net deferred tax
asset or liability equal to the expected future tax benefit or expense of temporary reporting differences between book and tax accounting
and any available operating loss or tax credit carry forwards. A valuation allowance is provided if it is more likely than not that some
or all of a net deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

The Company recognized net deferred tax liabilities
associated with the Precision Healing merger and the Scendia acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, prior to consideration of these deferred
tax liabilities, the Company had net deferred tax assets in excess of the deferred tax liabilities being recognized, however, a 100 
valuation allowance had previously been provided against the Company s net deferred tax assets. As a result of the recording of
the net deferred tax liabilities related to the Precision Healing merger and Scendia acquisition, the Company reviewed the valuation
allowance and determined that it should be reduced by the amount of the deferred tax liabilities that were recognized. This resulted
in a 2022 income tax benefit of 5.8 million. 

A
100 valuation allowance has been provided for the remaining net deferred tax assets, as the ability of the Company to generate sufficient
taxable income in the future is uncertain. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

48 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. PCAOB No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Sanara
MedTech Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanara MedTech Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Merger
with Precision Healing Inc. Precision Healing and the acquisition of Scendia Biologics, LLC Scendia (Refer
to Notes 4 and 5 to the financial statements) 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company
entered into a merger agreement with Precision Healing and purchase agreement with Scendia , to
acquire the equity interests of those entities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Management has recorded the Merger with
Precision Healing as an asset acquisition due to its determination that substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired
was concentrated in a group of similar identifiable assets. Management has recorded the acquisition of Scendia Biologics as a
business combination. Management has determined the estimated fair value of acquired intangible assets for purposes of making these
determinations. 

We identified the
determination of the fair values of the acquired intangible assets as a critical audit matter because of the subjective process when
developing the estimated fair values. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures relating
to the valuation of acquired intangible assets and significant audit effort was necessary in evaluating the significant assumptions relating
to the estimates, including the timing and amounts of future cash flows. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Our audit procedures
related to the Company s estimated fair values included the following, among others: 

We obtained
an understanding of the design and implementation of management s controls over the merger
and acquisition, including the fair value of the acquired intangible assets. 

We obtained
and evaluated the relevant merger and purchase agreements to evaluate the completeness of the identified assets. 

With the assistance of our internal fair
value specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the methodologies applied in determining the fair values of the acquired
intangible assets, and the reasonableness of the significant inputs and assumptions used by management, and the skills, knowledge
and experience of the fair value specialists engaged by management to assist in determining the fair value of the acquired
intangible assets. This testing included inquiries with management, evaluation of the methods applied by management s
specialists, consideration of positive and negative evidence impacting management s
forecasts and assumptions, and evaluation of relevant market and industry factors. 

In regards
to the merger with Precision Healing, we evaluated management s determination that substantially
all of the value of the acquired assets was concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets and management s
conclusion that the transaction should therefore be accounted for as an asset acquisition. 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

/s/
 . 

March
20, 2023 

F- 2 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable related party 

Royalty receivable 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and other assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets operating leases 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Investment in equity securities 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related parties 

Accrued royalties and expenses 

Accrued bonuses and commissions 

Earnout liabilities current 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities current 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Earnout liabilities long-term 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity 

Common Stock: par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Sanara MedTech shareholders equity 

Equity (deficit) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense 

Interest and accretion expense 

Share of losses from equity method investment 

Loss on disposal of investment 
 
 - 
 
 Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

Net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Sanara MedTech shareholders 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Interest 
 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Total 

0.001 par value 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Share-based compensation 

- 
 - 

Net settlement and retirement of equity-based awards 

- 

Issuance of common stock for acquisitions 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in equity offering 

- 
 - 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest member 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital contribution of noncontrolling interest member 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Share-based compensation 

- 
 - 

Net settlement and retirement of equity-based awards 

- 

Issuance of common stock for acquisitions 

- 

Issuance of common stock options and warrants for acquisitions 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest member 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dissolution of investment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Bad debt expense 

Inventory obsolescence 

Share-based compensation 

Accretion of earnout liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash lease expense 

Loss on equity method investment 

Loss on disposal of investment 
 
 - 
 
 Benefit from deferred income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable related party 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related parties 

Accrued royalties and expenses 

Accrued bonuses and commissions 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of intangible assets 

Investment in equity securities 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Draw on line of credit 
 - 

Pay off line of credit 
 - 

Public offering net proceeds 
 - 

Net settlement of equity-based awards 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest member 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Supplemental noncash investing and financing activities: 

Equity issued for acquisitions 

Earnout liabilities generated by acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in equity securities converted in asset acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 License agreement as capital contribution from noncontrolling interest member 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Warrants (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Unvested restricted stock 

Anti-dilutive securities 

(a) 
stock options assumed pursuant to the merger agreement with Precision Healing, Inc. Precision Healing in April 2022.
See Note 4 for more information regarding the Precision Healing merger. 

(b) 

Royalty revenue 

Total Net Revenue 

The
Company recognizes royalty revenue from a development and license agreement between BioStructures, LLC and the Company. The Company records
revenue each calendar quarter as earned per the terms of the agreement, which stipulates the Company will receive quarterly royalty payments
of at least . Under the terms of the development and license agreement, royalties of are recognized on sales of products
containing the Company s patented resorbable bone hemostasis. The minimum annual royalty due to the Company is per year
through the end of 2023. These royalties are payable in quarterly installments of . To date,
royalties related to this development and license agreement have not exceeded the annual minimum of per quarter). 

and 
in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 
at December 31, 2022 and 
at December 31, 2021. Bad debt reserves are maintained based on a variety of factors, including the length of time receivables are
past due and a detailed review of certain individual customer accounts. The Company also establishes other allowances to provide for
estimated customer rebates and other expected customer deductions. These allowances totaled 
at December 31, 2022 and 
at December 31, 2021. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables would be further
adjusted. 

in 2022 and in 2021.
The allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventory had a balance of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 

- years 

Office equipment 
 - years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 

Leasehold improvements 
 - years 

Internal use software 
 years 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense related to property and equipment was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are as follows: 

Level
1 Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets
are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on
an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities and
listed equities. 

Level
2 Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly
observable as of the reported date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.
These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities,
time value, volatility factors, and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic
measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be
derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments
in this category generally include nonexchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options and collars. 

Level
3 Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used
with internally developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of
the contingent earnout consideration and the acquired goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisitions discussed in Notes 3, 4 and
5 are based on Level 3 inputs. Liabilities for contingent consideration are measured at fair value each reporting period, with the acquisition-date
fair value included as part of the consideration transferred. Subsequent changes in fair value are included as a component of Operating
loss in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

in cash and (ii) shares of the Company s common
stock and assumed certain net liabilities of . Based on the trading price of the Company s common stock on July 14, 2021,
the fair value of the equity consideration transferred was determined to be . The total purchase price as determined by the Company
was as follows: 

Equity consideration (fair value) 

Net liabilities assumed 

Transaction costs 

Total purchase consideration 

Prior
to the transaction, the Company entered into product license agreements with Rochal, pursuant to which the Company acquired exclusive
world-wide licenses to market, sell and further develop certain antimicrobial barrier film and skin protectant products, antimicrobial
products for the prevention and treatment of microbes on the human body utilizing certain of Rochal s patents and a debrider for
human medical use to enhance skin condition or treat or relieve skin disorders. Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, each of the
foregoing licenses were retained by Rochal and were excluded from the purchased assets. 

Pursuant
to the asset purchase agreement, for the three-year period after the effective date, Rochal is entitled to receive consideration for
any new product relating to the business that is directly and primarily based on an invention conceived and reduced to practice by a
member or members of Rochal s science team. For the three-year period after the effective date, Rochal is also entitled to receive
an amount in cash equal to twenty-five percent of the proceeds received for any Grant (as defined in the asset purchase agreement) by
either the Company or Rochal. In addition, the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to perform Minimum Development Efforts
(as defined in the asset purchase agreement) with respect to certain products under development, which if obtained, will entitle the
Company to intellectual property rights from Rochal in respect of such products. 

In
connection with the asset purchase agreement, the Company hired certain employees of Rochal on an at will basis, with the
terms of such employment being consistent with the Company s current employment agreements. 

Concurrent
with the asset purchase, in July 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Ann Beal Salamone pursuant to which Ms.
Salamone agreed to provide the Company with consulting services with respect to, among other things, writing new patents, conducting
patent intelligence, and participating in certain grant and contract reporting. In consideration for the consulting services to be
provided to the Company, Ms. Salamone is entitled to receive an annual consulting fee of ,
with payments to be paid once per month. The consulting agreement has an initial term of three years, unless earlier terminated by
the Company, and is subject to renewal. As discussed above, Ms. Salamone is a director of the Company and is a significant
shareholder and the current Chair of the board of directors of Rochal. 

Based
on guidance provided by ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), the Company recorded the Rochal asset purchase
as an asset acquisition due to the determination that substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired was concentrated in a group
of similar identifiable assets. The Company believes the substantially all criterion was met with respect to the acquired
intellectual property (i.e., patents, patent applications and patent applications to be written) based on the Company s internal
valuation models. These models assigned value to the acquired intellectual property based on estimated future cash flows over the life
of the respective patents and patent applications. Accordingly, the Company accounted for the acquisition of the purchased net assets
as an asset acquisition. 

Assembled Workforce 

Net Assets Acquired 

The
Company did not recognize any gain on the purchase of the net assets. 

in cash, which was paid to stockholders who were not accredited investors, 
shares of the Company s common stock, which was paid only to accredited investors, and the payment in cash of approximately 
million of transaction expenses of Precision Healing. The Company recorded the issuance of the shares to accredited investors
and cash payments to nonaccredited investors based on the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the Closing Date,
which was . 

On
the Closing Date, the outstanding Precision Healing options previously granted under the Precision Healing Inc. 2020 Stock Option and
Grant Plan (the Precision Healing Plan converted, pursuant to their terms, into options to acquire an aggregate of 
shares of Company common stock with a weighted exercise price of per share. These options expire between August 2030 and April
2031. In addition, outstanding and unexercised Precision Healing warrants converted into rights to receive warrants to purchase (i) 
shares of Company common stock with an initial exercise price of per share and an expiration date of , and (ii) 
shares of the Company s common stock with an initial exercise price of per share and an expiration date of . 

Pursuant
to the merger agreement, the Company assumed sponsorship of the Precision Healing Plan, effective as of the Closing Date, as well as
the outstanding awards granted thereunder, the award agreements evidencing the grants of such awards and the remaining shares available
under the Precision Healing Plan, in each case adjusted in the manner set forth in the merger agreement to such awards. Concurrent with
the assumption of the Precision Healing Plan, the Company terminated the ability to offer future awards under the Precision Healing Plan. 

Pursuant
to the merger agreement, upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds, the securityholders of Precision Healing, including
the holders of options and warrants to purchase Precision Healing common stock and certain persons promised options to purchase Precision
Healing common stock, are also entitled to receive payments of up to million, which was accounted for as contingent consideration
pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable in cash or, at the Company s election, is payable to accredited investors
in shares of Company common stock at a price per share equal to the greater of (i) or (ii) the average closing price of Company
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to the date such earnout consideration is due and payable. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
a minimum percentage of the earnout consideration may be required to be issued to accredited investors in shares of Company common stock
for tax purposes. The amount and composition of the portion of earnout consideration payable is subject to adjustment and offsets as
set forth in the merger agreement. 

As
the contingent earnout payments are not subject to any specific individual performance by the shareholders, the contingent shares are
not subject to ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Further, as the contingent consideration
was negotiated as part of the transfer of assets, the obligation was measured at fair value and included in the total purchase consideration
transferred. Additionally, the contingent earnout payments meet the criteria under ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 as the monetary value of the shares to be issued is predominantly based on the exercise contingency (i.e., revenue
targets). Accordingly, the consideration is classified as a liability at its estimated fair value at each reporting period with the subsequent
change in fair value recognized as a gain or loss in accordance with ASC 480. 

Fair value of assumed options 

Fair value of assumed warrants 

Cash paid to nonaccredited investors 

Cash paid for fractional shares 

Carrying value of equity method investment in Precision Healing 

Fair value of contingent earnout consideration 

Direct transaction costs 

Total purchase consideration 

Based
on guidance provided by ASC 805, the Company recorded the Precision Healing merger as an asset acquisition due to the determination that
substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired was concentrated in a group of similar identifiable assets. The Company believes
the substantially all criterion was met with respect to the acquired intellectual property based on the Company s
valuation models. These models assigned value to the acquired intellectual property based on estimated future cash flows. Accordingly,
the Company accounted for the merger as an asset acquisition. 

The
purchase consideration, plus transaction costs, was allocated to the individual assets according to their fair values as a percentage
of the total fair value of the assets purchased, with no goodwill recognized. Based on the estimated fair value of the gross assets acquired,
the total fair value of the net assets acquired was primarily attributable to, and classified as, finite-lived intellectual property
and assembled workforce in the second quarter of 2022. The total purchase consideration was allocated based on the relative estimated
fair value of such assets as follows: 

Net working capital (excluding cash) 

Fixed assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Intellectual property 

Assembled workforce 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Scendia from the Seller. 

Scendia
provides clinicians and surgeons with a full line of regenerative and orthobiologic technologies for their patients through certain customer
accounts. Beginning in early 2022, the Company began co-promoting certain products with Scendia, including: (i) TEXAGEN Amniotic Membrane
Allograft, (ii) BiFORM Bioactive Moldable Matrix, (iii) AMPLIFY Verified Inductive Bone Matrix and (iv) ALLOCYTE Advanced Cellular Bone
Matrix. Prior to the acquisition, Scendia owned of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Sanara Biologics, LLC Sanara
Biologics ), and the Company owned the remaining of the membership interests. As a result of the acquisition, the Company indirectly
acquired all the interests in Sanara Biologics, such that the Company now holds of the issued and outstanding equity interests in
Sanara Biologics. 

Pursuant
to the purchase agreement, the Seller was entitled to receive closing consideration consisting of (i) approximately million of cash,
subject to certain adjustments, and (ii) shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, at closing,
the Company withheld shares of common stock with an agreed upon value of million (the Indemnity Holdback Shares ),
which such Indemnity Holdback Shares shall be withheld, issued, and released to the Seller after closing as and to the extent provided
in the purchase agreement to satisfy the Seller s indemnification obligations, if any. 

In
addition to the cash consideration and the stock consideration, the purchase agreement provides that the Seller is entitled to receive
two potential earnout payments, payable on an annual basis, not to exceed million in the aggregate, which was accounted for as
contingent consideration pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable to the Seller in cash or, at the Company s election,
in up to shares of the Company s common stock upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds relating to net revenue
attributable to sales of Scendia products during the two-year period following the closing. 

As
the contingent earnout payments are not subject to any specific individual performance by the Seller, the contingent shares are not subject
to ASC 718. Further, as the contingent consideration was negotiated as part of the transfer of assets, the obligation was measured at
fair value and included in the total purchase consideration transferred. Additionally, the contingent earnout payments meet the criteria
under ASC 480, as the monetary value of the shares to be issued is predominantly based on the exercise contingency (i.e., revenue targets).
Accordingly, the consideration is classified as a liability at its estimated fair value at each reporting period with the subsequent
change in fair value recognized as a gain or loss in accordance with ASC 480. 

Cash consideration 

Fair value of contingent earnout consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

Based
on guidance provided by ASC 805, the Company recorded the Scendia acquisition as a business combination. The purchase consideration was
allocated to the individual assets according to their fair values as a percentage of the total fair value of the net assets purchased.
The excess of the purchase consideration over the net assets purchased was recorded as goodwill. The total purchase consideration was
allocated as follows: 

Net working capital (excluding cash) 

Fixed assets, net 

Noncontrolling interest in Sanara Biologics, LLC 

Customer relationships 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Goodwill 

Net assets acquired 

The
goodwill acquired consists of expected synergies from the acquisition to the Company s overall corporate strategy. The Company
does not expect any of the goodwill to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company incurred acquisition costs of approximately
 in 2022 which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. The purchase accounting is preliminary as the assessment of purchase consideration and allocation of fair value is still
subject to post-closing adjustments and the Company is still gathering and evaluating available information to determine if further adjustments
are needed. The Scendia acquisition contributed net revenues of million and net income of million from acquisition
through December 31, 2022. 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Financial Information 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company and Scendia
as though the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes
only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning
of each period presented nor is it indicative of future results. The following pro forma financial information presented includes adjustments
for net revenue and cost of goods sold related to transactions between the Company and Scendia that have been eliminated, as well as
the pro forma depreciation and amortization charges from acquired tangible and intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Net Loss 

Patents and Other IP 

Customer relationships and other 

Total 

In
March 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Rochal for a milestone payment required per the terms of
a licensing agreement with Rochal. The payment became due upon the Company s public offering of common stock in February 2021.
The milestone payment was recorded as an addition to intangible assets. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average amortization period for finite-lived intangible assets was years. Amortization expense
related to intangible assets was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated remaining
amortization expense as of December 31, 2022 for finite-lived intangible assets is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The
Company has reviewed the carrying value of intangible assets and has determined there was no impairment during either of the years ended
December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

long-term investment to purchase certain nonmarketable securities consisting of Series
B-2 Preferred Shares of Direct Dermatology Inc. DirectDerm ), representing approximately ownership of DirectDerm at
that time. Through this investment, the Company received exclusive rights to utilize DirectDerm s technology in all acute and post-acute
care settings such as skilled nursing facilities, home health and wound clinics. The Company does not have the ability to exercise significant
influence over DirectDerm s operating and financial activities. In 2021, the Company purchased an additional shares of
DirectDerm s Series B-2 Preferred for . In March 2022, the Company purchased an additional shares of DirectDerm s
Series B-2 Preferred for . The Company s ownership of DirectDerm was approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

In
November 2020, the Company entered into agreements to purchase certain nonmarketable securities consisting of shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Stock of Precision Healing for an aggregate purchase price of . The
Series A Stock was convertible into shares of common stock of Precision Healing and had a senior liquidation preference relative
to the common shareholders. This initial investment represented approximately ownership of Precision Healing s outstanding
voting securities. In February 2021, the Company invested to purchase additional shares of Series A Stock which was
convertible into shares of common stock of Precision Healing. This resulted in ownership of approximately of Precision
Healing s outstanding voting securities. With this level of significant influence, the Company transitioned to the equity method
of accounting for this investment. In June 2021, the Company invested for additional shares of Series A Stock, which
increased the Company s ownership of Precision Healing s outstanding voting securities to approximately . In October
and in December of 2021, and more shares of Series A Stock were purchased for and , respectively. 

As
discussed above, in April 2022, the Company closed a merger transaction with Precision Healing pursuant to which Precision Healing became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (see Note 4 for more information). As a result of the merger, the Company s equity method
investment in Precision Healing ceased in April 2022. The Company has recorded as its share of the loss from this equity method
investment in 2022 for the period prior to acquisition. 

In
June 2021, the Company invested to purchase Class A Preferred Shares (the Shares of Canada based Pixalere
Healthcare Inc. Pixalere ). The Shares are convertible into approximately of the outstanding equity of Pixalere.
Pixalere provides a cloud-based wound care software tool that empowers nurses, specialists and administrators to deliver better care
for patients. In connection with the Company s purchase of the Shares, Pixalere granted Pixalere Healthcare USA, LLC Pixalere
USA ), a subsidiary of the Company, a royalty-free exclusive license to use the Pixalere software and platform in the United States.
In conjunction with the grant of the license, the Company issued Pixalere a equity ownership interest in Pixalere USA valued at
 . 

The
Company has reviewed the characteristics of the Shares in accordance with ASC Topic 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint
Ventures. Due to the substantive liquidation preferences of the Shares over Pixalere s common stock, the Shares are not in-substance 
common stock, and therefore, the Company will not utilize the equity method of accounting for this investment. In accordance with ASC
Topic 321, Investments - Equity Securities, this investment was reported at cost as of December 31, 2022. 

Cost Method Investments 

Direct Dermatology, Inc. 

Pixalere Healthcare Inc. 

Total Cost Method Investments 

Total Investments 

Total 

Loss from equity method investment 

The
Company has reviewed the carrying value of its investments and has determined there was no impairment or observable price changes as
of December 31, 2022. 

, and months as of December
31, 2022. All other material leases are short-term leases, which for practical expediency, the Company has elected to not recognize as
ROU assets and lease liabilities. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases, the Company has recorded ROU assets of and a related lease liability of as of
December 31, 2022. The Company recorded lease expense of for the year ended December 31, 2022 for its leased assets and 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. The present value of the Company s operating
lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 is shown below. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present Value of Lease Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of years and a weighted average
discount rate of . 

million revolving line of credit. Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the revolving line of credit was
set to mature on January 13, 2023 and was secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. Effective March 25, 2022, the Company
terminated the Loan Agreement and released Cadence from any obligation to make advances under the Loan Agreement. No amounts of principal,
interest or other fees and expenses were owed by the Company as of the termination date. 

Under
this agreement, royalty expense, which is recorded in Cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations, totaled 
and ,
respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Sales of CellerateRX have comprised the substantial majority of our
sales during 2022 and 2021. 

BIAK S
Antimicrobial Wound Gel and BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser 

In
July 2019, the Company executed a license agreement with Rochal pursuant to which the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide license
to market, sell and further develop antimicrobial products for the prevention and treatment of microbes on the human body utilizing certain
Rochal patents and pending patent applications (the BIAK S License Agreement ). Currently, the products covered by
the BIAK S License Agreement are BIAK S Antimicrobial Wound Gel and BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser. Both
products are 510(k) cleared. 

Future
commitments under the terms of the BIAK S License Agreement include: 

The
 Company pays Rochal a royalty of - of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to Rochal was for 2022 and will increase
 by each subsequent calendar year up to a maximum amount of . 

The
 Company pays additional royalty annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of the licensed products, subject to a maximum
 of during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated by the parties, the BIAK S License Agreement expires with the related patents in December 2031. 

Under
this agreement, royalty expense, which is recorded in Cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations, was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CuraShield
Antimicrobial Barrier Film and No Sting Skin Protectant 

In
October 2019, the Company executed a license agreement with Rochal pursuant to which the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide license
to market, sell and further develop certain antimicrobial barrier film and skin protectant products for use in the human health care
market utilizing certain Rochal patents and pending patent applications (the ABF License Agreement ). Currently, the products
covered by the ABF License Agreement are CuraShield Antimicrobial Barrier Film and a no sting skin protectant product. 

Future
commitments under the terms of the ABF License Agreement include: 

The
 Company will pay Rochal a royalty of - of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to Rochal will be beginning with the
 first full calendar year following the year in which first commercial sales of the products occur. The annual minimum royalty will
 increase by each subsequent calendar year up to a maximum amount of . 

The
 Company will pay additional royalties annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of the licensed products, subject
 to a maximum of during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated or extended by the parties, the ABF License Agreement will terminate upon expiration of the last U.S. patent in
October 2033. No commercial sales or royalties have been recognized under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

Debrider
License Agreement 

In
May 2020, the Company executed a product license agreement with Rochal, pursuant to which the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide
license to market, sell and further develop a debrider for human medical use to enhance skin condition or treat or relieve skin disorders,
excluding uses primarily for beauty, cosmetic, or toiletry purposes (the Debrider License Agreement ). 

Future
commitments under the terms of the Debrider License Agreement include: 

Upon
 FDA clearance of the licensed products, the Company will pay Rochal in cash and an additional 1,000,000, which at the Company s
 option may be paid in any combination of cash and its common stock. 

The
 Company will pay Rochal a royalty of - of net sales. The minimum annual royalty due to Rochal will be beginning with
 the first full calendar year following the year in which first commercial sales of the licensed products occur and increase by 
 each subsequent calendar year up to a maximum amount of . 

The
 Company will pay additional royalty annually based on specific net profit targets from sales of the licensed products, subject to
 a maximum of during any calendar year. 

Unless
previously terminated or extended by the parties, the Debrider License Agreement will expire in October 2034. No commercial sales or
royalties have been recognized under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

Resorbable
Bone Hemostat 

The
Company acquired a patent in 2009 for a resorbable bone hemostat and delivery system for orthopedic bone void fillers. In connection
with the patent acquisition, the Company entered into a royalty agreement to pay of the Company s net revenues, including royalty
revenues, generated from products that utilize the Company s acquired patented bone hemostat and delivery system. This patent is
not part of the Company s long-term strategic focus. The Company subsequently licensed the patent to a third party to market a
bone void filler product for which the Company receives a royalty on product sales through the end of 2023,
with annual minimum royalties of . To date, royalty revenues received by the Company related to this licensing agreement have
not exceeded the annual minimum of per quarter). Therefore, the Company s annual royalty obligation has been
 per quarter), with the expense being reported in Cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

Precision
Healing Merger Agreement 

In
April 2022, the Company closed a merger transaction with Precision Healing pursuant to which Precision Healing became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, holders of Precision Healing common stock and preferred stock,
other than the Company, were entitled to receive closing consideration, consisting of in cash consideration, which was paid
to stockholders who were not accredited investors, shares of the Company s common stock, which was paid only to accredited
investors, and the payment in cash of approximately million of transaction expenses of Precision Healing. The Company recorded the
issuance of the shares to accredited investors and cash payments to nonaccredited investors based on the closing price per share
of the Company s common stock on April 4, 2022, which was . 

Upon
the closing of the merger, the Precision Healing outstanding options previously granted under the Precision Healing Plan converted, pursuant
to their terms, into options to acquire an aggregate of shares of Company common stock with a weighted exercise price of 
per share. These options expire between August 2030 and April 2031. In addition, outstanding and unexercised Precision Healing warrants
converted into rights to receive warrants to purchase (i) shares of Company common stock with an initial exercise price of 
per share and an expiration date of , and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock with an initial exercise
price of per share and an expiration date of . Concurrent with the assumption of the Precision Healing Plan, the
Company terminated the ability to offer future awards under the Precision Healing Plan. 

Pursuant
to the merger agreement, upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds, the securityholders of Precision Healing, including
the holders of options and warrants to purchase Precision Healing common stock and certain persons promised options to purchase Precision
Healing common stock, are also entitled to receive payments of up to million, which was accounted for as contingent consideration
pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable in cash or, at the Company s election, is payable to accredited investors
in shares of Company common stock at a price per share equal to the greater of (i) or (ii) the average closing price of Company
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to the date such earnout consideration is due and payable. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
a minimum percentage of the earnout consideration may be required to be issued to accredited investors in shares of Company common stock
for tax purposes. The amount and composition of the portion of earnout consideration payable is subject to adjustment and offsets as
set forth in the merger agreement. See Note 4 for more information regarding the merger with Precision Healing. 

Scendia
Purchase Agreement 

In
July 2022, the Company closed the Scendia acquisition pursuant to which Scendia became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant
to the purchase agreement, the aggregate consideration for the acquisition at closing was approximately million, subject to customary
post-closing adjustments. The consideration consisted of (i) approximately million of cash, subject to certain adjustments, and
(ii) shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, at closing, the Company withheld Indemnity
Holdback Shares, which such Indemnity Holdback Shares shall be withheld, issued, and released to the Seller after closing as and to the
extent provided in the purchase agreement to satisfy the Seller s indemnification obligations, if any. 

In
addition to the cash consideration and the stock consideration, the purchase agreement provides that the Seller is entitled to receive
two potential earnout payments, payable on an annual basis, not to exceed million in the aggregate, which was accounted for as
contingent consideration pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable to the Seller in cash or, at the Company s election,
in up to shares of the Company s common stock upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds relating to net revenue
attributable to sales of Scendia products during the two-year period following the closing. See Note 5 for more information regarding
the acquisition of Scendia. 

Other
Commitments 

In
May 2019, the Company organized Sanara Pulsar, LLC Sanara Pulsar ), a Texas limited liability company, which was owned
60 by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Cellerate, LLC, and 40 owned by Wound Care Solutions, Limited WCS ), an unaffiliated company registered in the United Kingdom. At the time of the formation of Sanara Pulsar, it and
WCS, entered into a supply agreement whereby Sanara Pulsar became the exclusive distributor in the United States of certain wound
care products that utilize intellectual property developed and owned by WCS. Pursuant to the operating agreement of Sanara Pulsar,
in the event WCS s annual Form K-l does not allocate to WCS net income of at least 
(the Target Net Income ), the Company is required, within 30 days after such determination, to pay WCS the amount of
funds representing the difference between the Target Net Income and the actual amount of net income shown on WCS s Form K-1,
as a distribution from Sanara Pulsar to WCS. For each of the years 2021 through 2024 the Target Net Income was to increase by .
In April 2022, the Company paid WCS 
related to the fiscal 2021 Form K-1 and in December 2022, the Company accrued an additional payment of 
related to the projected fiscal 2022 Form K-1. The Company terminated Sanara Pulsar in December 2022, and accordingly, there will be
no additional payments made beyond the accrued payment. The Company recognized a loss on the termination of Sanara Pulsar which is
included in Loss on disposal of investment in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

shares had been issued under the LTIP Plan and 
were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

In
January 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement whereby the Company acquired
the remaining equity interests in Woundyne Medical, LLC Woundyne in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of . The acquisition of the outstanding equity interests of Woundyne
was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The primary asset acquired by the Company was the Woundyne software platform which allows data
related to chronic and surgical wounds to be tracked, monitored, and interfaced with the software user s electronic medical records.
Woundyne has no other material assets, liabilities, or revenues. The issuance of these shares was recorded as the cost of acquiring internal
use software. The Company subsequently changed the name of Woundyne Medical, LLC to WounDerm, LLC. 

In
February 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. as representative of several underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters ), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to the Underwriters at a price to the public
of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions (the Offering ). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company granted the Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock at the public offering
price, less underwriting discounts and commissions, which the Underwriters exercised in full. The Offering, including the purchase of
the additional shares of common stock, closed in February 2021. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the Offering were million, after (i) giving effect to the Underwriter s full exercise of
its option to purchase additional shares of common stock, and (ii) deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses payable by the Company. Through an insured cash sweep service, the net proceeds have been deposited in accounts insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

Following
the closing of the Offering in February 2021, the Company made a milestone payment to Rochal in the form of shares of
the Company s common stock (see Note 6). 

In
July 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Rochal, effective July 1, 2021, pursuant to which the Company purchased
certain assets of Rochal, including, among others, certain of Rochal s intellectual property, furniture and equipment, supplies,
rights and claims, other than certain excluded assets, all as more specifically set forth in the asset purchase agreement. In exchange
for the acquired assets, the Company paid to Rochal (i) in cash and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock and
assumed certain net liabilities of . Based on the trading price of the Company s common stock on July 14, 2021, the fair
value of the equity consideration transferred was determined to be . See Note 3 for more information regarding this transaction. 

In
April 2022, the Company closed a merger transaction with Precision Healing pursuant to which Precision Healing became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, holders of Precision Healing common stock and preferred stock,
other than the Company, were entitled to receive closing consideration, consisting of in cash consideration, which was paid
to stockholders who were not accredited investors, shares of the Company s common stock, which was paid only to accredited
investors, and the payment in cash of approximately million of transaction expenses of Precision Healing. The Company recorded the
issuance of the shares to accredited investors and cash payments to nonaccredited investors based on the closing price per share
of the Company s common stock on April 4, 2022, which was . 

Upon
the closing of the merger, the Precision Healing outstanding options previously granted under the Precision Healing Plan converted, pursuant
to their terms, into options to acquire an aggregate of shares of Company common stock with a weighted exercise price of 
per share. These options expire between August 2030 and April 2031. In addition, outstanding and unexercised Precision Healing warrants
converted into rights to receive warrants to purchase (i) shares of Company common stock with an initial exercise price of 
per share and an expiration date of April 22, 2031, and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock with an initial exercise
price of per share and an expiration date of August 10, 2030. Concurrent with the assumption of the Precision Healing Plan, the
Company terminated the ability to offer future awards under the Precision Healing Plan. 

Pursuant
to the merger agreement, upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds, the securityholders of Precision Healing, including
the holders of options and warrants to purchase Precision Healing common stock and certain persons promised options to purchase Precision
Healing common stock, are also entitled to receive payments of up to million, which was accounted for as contingent consideration
pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable in cash or, at the Company s election, is payable to accredited investors
in shares of Company common stock at a price per share equal to the greater of (i) or (ii) the average closing price of Company
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to the date such earnout consideration is due and payable. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
a minimum percentage of the earnout consideration may be required to be issued to accredited investors in shares of Company common stock
for tax purposes. The amount and composition of the portion of earnout consideration payable is subject to adjustment and offsets as
set forth in the merger agreement. See Note 4 for more information regarding the merger with Precision Healing. 

In
July 2022, the Company closed the Scendia acquisition pursuant to which Scendia became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant
to the purchase agreement, the aggregate consideration at closing for the acquisition was approximately million, subject to customary
post-closing adjustments. The consideration consisted of (i) approximately million of cash, subject to certain adjustments, and
(ii) shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, at closing, the Company withheld Indemnity
Holdback Shares, which such Indemnity Holdback Shares shall be withheld, issued, and released to the Seller after closing as and to the
extent provided in the purchase agreement to satisfy the Seller s indemnification obligations, if any. 

In
addition to the cash consideration and the stock consideration, the purchase agreement provides that the Seller is entitled to receive
two potential earnout payments, payable on an annual basis, not to exceed million in the aggregate, which was accounted for as
contingent consideration pursuant to ASC 805. The earnout consideration is payable to the Seller in cash or, at the Company s election,
in up to shares of the Company s common stock upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds relating to net revenue
attributable to sales of Scendia products during the two-year period following the closing. See Note 5 for more information regarding
the acquisition of Scendia. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued restricted stock awards under the LTIP Plan which are subject to certain
vesting provisions and other terms and conditions set forth in each recipient s respective restricted stock agreement. The
Company granted and issued 
shares, net of forfeitures, of restricted common stock to employees, directors, and certain advisors of the Company under the LTIP Plan. The fair value
of these awards was 
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the respective grant dates, which will be recognized as
compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards. 

Share-based
compensation expense of and was recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the
accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Equity awards totaling
 , which were accrued as a liability as of December 31, 2021, were reclassed to equity in 2022 upon settlement of these awards. 

At
December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested share-based equity
awards. Unrecognized share-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock
Options 

Granted or assumed 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Warrants 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

of the Company s annual sales or whose accounts receivable balance
exceeded of the year-end balance. The Company had no customers in 2021 that accounted for at least of Company s annual
sales and one customer whose accounts receivable exceeded of the year-end balance. 

The
Company s principal revenue producing products are purchased from one manufacturer. If this supplier became unable to provide finished
goods inventory in a timely manner, the Company s business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. 

valuation allowance had previously been provided
against the Company s net deferred tax assets. As a result of the recording of the net deferred tax liabilities related to the
Precision Healing merger and Scendia acquisition, the Company reviewed the valuation allowance and determined that it should be reduced
by the amount of the deferred tax liabilities that were recognized. This resulted in a year-to-date income tax benefit of million. 

After
applying the provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the unexpired net operating loss NOL carryforward
at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, of which, approximately million, generated in 2017 and prior, will Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the NOL generated from 2018 through 2022, of approximately million, will
have an indefinite carryforward period but can generally only be used to offset 80 of taxable income in any particular year. The Company may
be subject to certain limitations in its annual utilization of NOL carry forwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code, which could result in NOLs expiring unused. 

Inventory reserves 

Bad debt and other reserves 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other temporary differences 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

A
 valuation allowance has been provided for all deferred tax assets, as the ability of the Company to generate sufficient taxable
income in the future is uncertain. 

Reconciliations
of the expected federal income tax benefit based on the statutory income tax rate of 21 to the actual benefit for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 are listed below. 

NOL carryover adjusted for expiration 

Equity method investment loss 

Meals and entertainment 

Share-based compensation 

Research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other temporary differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 

All
tax years starting with 2019 are open for examination. 

. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, royalty expense, which is recorded in Cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations, was 
and ,
respectively under the terms of this agreement. 

Ronald
T. Nixon, the Company s Executive Chairman, is the founder and managing partner of Catalyst. 

Product
License Agreements 

In
July 2019, the Company executed a license agreement with Rochal, a related party, whereby the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide
license to market, sell and further develop antimicrobial products for the prevention and treatment of microbes on the human body utilizing
certain Rochal patents and pending patent applications. Currently, the products covered by the BIAK S License Agreement are BIAK S
Antimicrobial Wound Gel and BIAK S Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser. Both products are 510(k) cleared. Mr. Nixon is a director
of Rochal, and indirectly a significant shareholder of Rochal, and through the potential exercise of warrants, a majority shareholder
of Rochal. Another one of the Company s directors is also a director and significant shareholder of Rochal. 

In
October 2019, the Company executed the ABF License Agreement with Rochal whereby the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide license
to market, sell and further develop certain antimicrobial barrier film and skin protectant products for use in the human health care
market utilizing certain Rochal patents and pending patent applications. Currently, the products covered by the ABF License Agreement
are CuraShield Antimicrobial Barrier Film and a no sting skin protectant product. 

In
May 2020, The Company executed a product license agreement with Rochal, whereby the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide license
to market, sell and further develop a debrider for human medical use to enhance skin condition or treat or relieve skin disorders, excluding
uses primarily for beauty, cosmetic, or toiletry purposes. 

See
Note 10 for more information on these product license agreements. 

Rochal
Asset Purchase 

As
discussed in Note 3, in July 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Rochal, effective July 1, 2021, pursuant
to which we purchased certain assets of Rochal, including, among others, certain of Rochal s intellectual property, furniture and
equipment, supplies, rights and claims, and assumed certain liabilities upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
asset purchase agreement. In exchange for the acquired assets, the Company paid Rochal (i) in cash and (ii) shares of
the Company s common stock. 

Consulting
Agreement 

Concurrent
with the Rochal asset purchase, in July 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Ann Beal Salamone pursuant to which
Ms. Salamone agreed to provide the Company with consulting services with respect to, among other things, writing new patents, conducting
patent intelligence, and participating in certain grant and contract reporting. In consideration for the consulting services to be provided
to the Company, Ms. Salamone is entitled to receive an annual consulting fee of ,
with payments to be paid once per month. The consulting agreement has an initial term of three years, unless earlier terminated by the
Company, and is subject to renewal. 

. 

Sales
of the shares, if any, pursuant to the Sales Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as
defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms
and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Cantor agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market to sell the shares from
time to time based upon the Company s instructions, including any price, time period or size limits specified by the Company. The
Company has no obligation to sell any of the shares under the Sales Agreement and may at any time suspend or terminate the offering of
its common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement upon notice to Cantor and subject to other conditions. Cantor s obligations to
sell the shares under the Sales Agreement are subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including customary closing conditions.
Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, the Company will pay Cantor a commission of of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of the
shares. 

From February 24, 2023 through March 17, 2023, the
Company sold an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 
and net proceeds of approximately . 

Catalyst Transaction Advisory Services Agreement 

On March 20, 2023, the Company
entered into a Transaction Advisory Services Agreement (the Services Agreement) effective March 1, 2023 with Catalyst, a
related party. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, Catalyst, by and through its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that
are not simultaneously serving as directors, officers or employees of the Company (collectively, the Covered Persons ),
agreed to perform certain transaction advisory, business and organizational strategy, finance, marketing, operational and strategic
planning, relationship access and corporate development services for the Company in connection with any merger, acquisition,
recapitalization, divestiture, financing, refinancing, or other similar transaction in which the Company may be, or may consider
becoming, involved, and any such additional services as mutually agreed upon in writing by and between Catalyst and the Company (the
 Services ). 

Pursuant to the Services Agreement,
the Company agreed to reimburse Catalyst for (i) compensation actually paid by Catalyst to any of the Covered Persons at a rate no
more than a rate consistent with industry practice for the performance of services similar to the Services, as documented in
reasonably sufficient detail, and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses payable to unaffiliated third parties, as
documented in customary expense reports, as each of (i) and (ii) is incurred in connection with the Services rendered under the
Services Agreement, with all reimbursements being contingent upon the prior approval of the Audit Committee of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

F- 26 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s
rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officers (whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying Officers), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying
Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate
over time. 

Management
believes that our policies and procedures provide reasonable assurance that our operations are conducted with a high standard of business
ethics. In management s opinion, our financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Management applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. 

The
Company s management, specifically its Certifying Officers, has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on this
assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to evaluate
the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures on an on-going basis. 

No
Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On March 20, 2023, we entered into a
Transaction Advisory Services Agreement (the Services Agreement ), effective as of March 1, 2023, with Catalyst.
Pursuant to the Services Agreement, Catalyst, by and through its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that are not
simultaneously serving as directors, officers or employees of the Company (collectively, the Covered Persons ), agreed
to perform certain transaction advisory, business and organizational strategy, finance, marketing, operational and strategic
planning, relationship access and corporate development services for the Company in connection with any merger, acquisition,
recapitalization, divestiture, financing, refinancing, or other similar transaction in which we may be, or may consider becoming,
involved, and any such additional services as mutually agreed upon in writing by and between us and Catalyst (the
 Services ). 

Pursuant to the Services Agreement, we agreed to reimburse Catalyst for
(i) compensation actually paid by Catalyst to any of the Covered Persons at a rate no more than a rate consistent with industry practice
for the performance of services similar to the Services, as documented in reasonably sufficient detail, and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses payable to unaffiliated third parties, as documented in customary expense reports, as each of (i) and (ii) is incurred
in connection with the Services rendered under the Services Agreement, with all reimbursements being contingent upon the prior approval
of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Audit Committee ). 

As previously discussed, our Executive Chairman, Ronald T. Nixon, is the
founder and managing partner of Catalyst, and Catalyst and its affiliates collectively beneficially own more than 5 of the Company s
outstanding common stock. As a result, the transactions contemplated by the Services Agreement may constitute one or more transactions
with a related person requiring approval under the Audit Committee s charter and disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly, the Audit Committee authorized the entry into the Services Agreement at a meeting
duly called and held in March 2023, and approved up to 250,000 in fees to be paid under the Services Agreement for the 2023 calendar
year. 

The foregoing description of the Services Agreement does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Services Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
10.15 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

49 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required in response to this Item
10 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required in response to this Item
11 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required in response to this Item
12 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required in response to this Item
13 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated
herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

50 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Refer
to Index to Financial Statements appearing on page F-1. 

(b) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not required or is shown in the financial statements
or the notes thereto. 

(c) 
 Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1# 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated February 24, 2023, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2023). 

2.1# 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc., as Purchaser, and Rochal Industries, LLC, as Seller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2021). 

2.2# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 1, 2022, by and among Sanara MedTech Inc., United Wound and Skin Solutions, LLC, Precision Healing Inc., PH Merger Sub I, Inc., PH Merger Sub II, LLC and Furneaux Capital Holdco, LLC (d/b/a BlueIO) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2022). 

2.3# 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, by and among Sanara MedTech Inc., Scendia Biologics, LLC and Ryan Phillips (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Sanara MedTech Inc. (as amended through December 30, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 11, 2008). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2021). 

10.1.1 
 
 Sanara MedTech Inc. Restated 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan dated February 10, 2020 effective upon shareholder approval on July 9, 2020. 

10.1.2 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees under the Sanara MedTech Inc. Restated 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30,
 2021). 

10.1.3 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Outside Directors under the Sanara MedTech Inc. Restated 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive
 Plan (2022). 

10.1.4 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees under the Sanara MedTech Inc. Restated 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan (2023). 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 28, 2022, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Zachary B. Fleming (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 28, 2022, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Michael D. McNeil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Contribution Agreement dated August 27, 2018 between Wound Care Innovations, LLC and Catalyst Cellerate RX, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 Operating Agreement dated August 27, 2018 between Wound Care Innovations, LLC and Catalyst Cellerate RX, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2018). 

51 

10.6.1 
 
 Sublicense Agreement dated August 27, 2018 between Catalyst Cellerate RX, LLC and Cellerate, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2018). 

10.6.2 
 
 First Amendment of Sublicense Agreement dated May 31, 2019, between Cellerate, LLC, as Sublicensee, and CGI Cellerate RX, LLC, as Sublicensor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2021). 

10.6.3 
 
 Second Amendment of Sublicense Agreement dated January 26, 2021, between Cellerate, LLC, as Sublicensee, and CGI Cellerate RX, LLC, as Sublicensor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2021). 

10.7.1 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement dated July 8, 2019 between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Rochal Industries, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019). 

10.7.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Exclusive License Agreement dated May 4, 2020 between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Rochal Industries, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement dated October 1, 2019 between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Rochal Industries, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2019). 

10.9 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement dated May 4, 2020 between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Rochal Industries, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Ann Beal Salamone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on July 19, 2021 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.11 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release and Waiver, dated December 2, 2022, between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Shawn M. Bowman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on December 6, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Common Stock Warrant, issued by Sanara MedTech Inc. to Furneaux Capital Holdco, LLC (d/b/a BlueIO) on April 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Common Stock Warrant, issued by Sanara MedTech Inc. to Furneaux Capital Holdco, LLC (d/b/a BlueIO) on April 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Precision Healing Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Transaction Advisory Services Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and The Catalyst Group, Inc. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

#
Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Sanara MedTech Inc. hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally
copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff. 

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sanara MedTech Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of
any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Identifies a management contract or compensatory plan 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SANARA
 MEDTECH INC. 

March
 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael McNeil 

Michael
 McNeil 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and duly authorized officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Zachary B. Fleming 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Zachary
 B. Fleming 

/s/
 Michael McNeil 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Michael
 McNeil 

/s/
 Ronald T. Nixon 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Mr.
 Ronald T. Nixon 

/s/
 Robert DeSutter 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Robert
 DeSutter 

/s/
 Roszell Mack III 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Roszell
 Mack III 

/s/
 Sara Ortwein 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Sara
 Ortwein 

/s/
 Ann Beal Salamone 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Ann
 Beal Salamone 

/s/
 James W. Stuckert 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 James
 W. Stuckert 

/s/
 Eric D. Tanzberger 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Eric
 D. Tanzberger 

/s/
 Kenneth E. Thorpe 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 E. Thorpe 

53 

<EX-10.1_1>
 2
 ex10-1_1.htm

Exhibit
10.1.1 

SANARA
MEDTECH INC. 

 RESTATED
2014 OMNIBUS LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

 February
10, 2020 

ARTICLE
1 

 General
Purpose of Plan; Definitions 

1.1
 Name and Purposes. The name of this plan is the Sanara MedTech Inc. 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan. The purpose of
this Plan is to enable Sanara MedTech Inc. and its Affiliates to: (i) attract and retain skilled and qualified officers, employees and
Directors who are expected to contribute to the Company s success by providing long-term incentive compensation opportunities competitive
with those made available by other companies; (ii) motivate participants to achieve the long-term success and growth of the Company;
(iii) facilitate ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) align the interests of the participants with those of the Company s
Shareholders. 

1.2
 Certain Definitions. Unless the context otherwise indicates, the following words shall have the following meanings whenever
used in this Plan: 

Affiliate 
 means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code. 

Award 
 means any Common Share, Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Share, Restricted Share Unit or Performance Share granted
pursuant to this Plan. 

Base
Value is defined in Section 7.3. 

Beneficial
Owner means a beneficial owner, as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any
successor rule thereto). 

Board 
 means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Change
in Control is defined in Section 12.1. 

Code 
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and lawful regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder.
Whenever reference is made to a specific Internal Revenue Code section, such reference shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor
Internal Revenue Code section or sections with the same or similar purpose. 

Committee 
 means the entity administering this Plan as provided in Section 2.1. 

Common
Shares means shares of common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share. 

Company 
 means Sanara MedTech Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Texas and, except for purposes of determining whether
a Change in Control has occurred, any corporation or entity that is a successor to Sanara MedTech Inc. or substantially all of the assets
of Sanara MedTech Inc. and that assumes the obligations of Sanara MedTech Inc. under this Plan by operation of law or otherwise. 

1 

Date
of Grant means the date on which the Committee grants an Award. 

Director 
 means a member of the Board. 

Disability 
 shall be defined in the Award agreements, as necessary. 

Employment 
 as used herein shall be deemed to refer to (i) a participant s employment if the participant is an employee of the Company
or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a participant s services as a consultant, if the participant is a consultant to the Company or its
Affiliates and (iii) a participant s services as a non-employee director, if the participant is a non-employee member of the Board;
provided that, for any Award that is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code, termination of Employment means a separation
from service under Section 409A of the Code. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any lawful regulations and guidance promulgated
thereunder. Whenever reference is made to a specific Securities Exchange Act of 1934 section, such reference shall be deemed to be a
reference to any successor section or sections with the same or similar purpose. 

Exercise
Price means the purchase price of a Share pursuant to a Stock Option. 

Fair
Market Value means: (i) if the Common Shares are listed on a national securities exchange or quoted in an interdealer quotation
system, the last sales price or, if unavailable, the average of the closing bid and asked prices per Share on such date (or, if there
was no trading or quotation of the Common Shares on such date, on the next preceding date on which there was trading or quotation); or
(ii) if the Common Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange or quoted in an interdealer quotation system, the Fair
Market Value of Common Shares shall be determined by the Committee in a reasonable manner pursuant to a reasonable valuation
method. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, as of any date, the Fair Market Value of Common
Shares shall be determined in a manner consistent with avoiding adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A. In addition, Fair
Market Value with respect to ISOs and related SARs shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.2(f). 

Full-Value
Awards means Restricted Share Awards, Restricted Share Unit Awards, Performance Share Awards and Common Share Awards. 

Incentive
Stock Option and ISO mean a Stock Option which meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

Non-Qualified
Stock Option and NQSO mean a Stock Option that does not meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

Outside
Director means a Director who meets the definitions of the terms independent director set forth in The
Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. rules, and non-employee director set forth in Rule 16b-3, or any successor definitions
adopted by The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and Securities and Exchange Commission, respectively, and similar requirements under any other
applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

participant 
 is defined in Section 4.1. 

Parent 
 means any corporation which qualifies as a parent corporation of the Company under Section 424(e) of the Code. 

Performance
Period is defined in Section 8.4(g). 

Performance
Shares means any Shares issued pursuant to an Award granted under Article 9. 

person 
 means a person as such term is used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 

2 

Plan 
 means this Sanara MedTech Inc. 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

Plan
Year means the calendar year. 

Restricted
Share Units means Shares issued by the Company pursuant to an Award granted under Article 8 that will be issued to a participant
at a future time or times at no cost or at a purchase price determined by the Committee, which may be below their Fair Market Value,
if continued Employment and/or other terms and conditions specified by the Committee are satisfied. 

Restricted
Shares means Shares which are issued by the Company pursuant to an Award granted under Article 8 to a participant at no cost
or at a purchase price determined by the Committee which may be below their Fair Market Value but which are subject to forfeiture and
restrictions on their sale or other transfer by the participant. 

Retirement 
 shall be defined in the Award agreements, as necessary. 

Rule
16b-3 is defined in Article 17. 

Share 
 or Shares mean one or more of the Common Shares. 

Shareholder 
 means an individual or entity that owns one or more shares of stock of the Company, including Common Shares. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights and SARs mean any right pursuant to an Award granted under Article 7. 

Stock
Option means a right to purchase a specified number of Shares at a specified price which is granted pursuant to Article 5;
such right may be an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

Stock
Power means a power of attorney executed by a participant and delivered to the Company which authorizes the Company to transfer
ownership of Restricted Shares, Performance Shares or Common Shares from the participant to the Company or a third party. 

Subsidiary 
 means any corporation which qualifies as a subsidiary corporation of the Company under Section 424(f) of the Code. 

Vested 
 means, with respect to a Common Share, when the Common Share has been awarded; with respect to a Stock Option, when the Stock Option
first becomes exercisable; with respect to a Stock Appreciation Right, when the Stock Appreciation Right first becomes exercisable; with
respect to Restricted Shares, when the Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture and restrictions on transferability; with respect to
Restricted Share Units and Performance Shares, when the Restricted Share Units or Performance Shares are no longer subject to restrictions
and forfeiture and are convertible to, or replaceable with, Shares. Vest and Vesting shall
have correlative meanings. 

ARTICLE
2 

 Administration 

2.1
Authority and Duties of the Committee. 

(a)
The Plan shall be administered by a Committee of at least two Directors who are appointed by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by
the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Company shall serve as the Committee that will administer the Plan, and all of the members
of the Committee shall be Outside Directors. Notwithstanding this requirement that the Committee consist exclusively of Outside Directors,
no action or determination by the Committee or an individual then considered to be an Outside Director shall be deemed void because it
is discovered that a member of the Committee or such individual fails to satisfy the requirements for being an Outside Director, except
to the extent required by applicable law. In the event that the Committee shall not have been appointed by the Board, the Plan shall
be administered by the Board, which shall exercise all rights, powers and authority granted to the Committee under this Plan. 

3 

(b)
The Committee has the power and authority to grant Awards pursuant to the terms of this Plan to officers, employees, consultants and
Outside Directors. 

(c)
The Committee has the sole and exclusive authority, subject to any limitations specifically set forth in this Plan, to: 

(i) 
 select
 the officers, employees, consultants and Outside Directors to whom Awards are granted; 

(ii) 
 determine
 the types of Awards granted and the timing of such Awards; 

(iii) 
 determine
 the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder; 

(iv) 
 determine
 the other terms and conditions, not inconsistent with specific requirements of this Plan, of any Award granted hereunder; such terms
 and conditions include, but are not limited to, the Exercise Price, the time or times when Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights
 may be exercised (which may be based on performance objectives), any Vesting, acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions,
 any performance criteria applicable to an Award, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Option or Stock Appreciation Right
 or the Common Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine; 

(v) 
 determine
 whether any conditions or objectives related to Awards have been met; 

(vi) 
 subsequently
 modify or waive any terms and conditions of Awards, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan; 

(vii) 
 adopt,
 alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing this Plan as it deems advisable from time to time; 

(viii) 
 promulgate
 such administrative forms as they from time to time deem necessary or appropriate for administration of the Plan; 

(ix) 
 construe,
 interpret, administer and implement the terms and provisions of this Plan, any Award and any related agreements; 

(x) 
 correct
 any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in or between the Plan, any Award and any related agreements; 

(xi) 
 prescribe
 any legends to be affixed to certificates representing Shares or other interests granted or issued under the Plan; and 

(xii) 
 otherwise
 supervise the administration of this Plan. 

(d)
All decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Plan are final and binding on all persons, including the Company,
its Shareholders and participants, but may be made by their terms subject to ratification or approval by, the Board, another committee
of the Board or Shareholders. 

(e)
The Company shall furnish the Committee and its delegates with such clerical and other assistance as is necessary for the performance
of the Committee s duties under the Plan. 

2.2
 Delegation of Duties. The Committee may delegate ministerial duties to any other person or persons, and it may employ attorneys,
consultants, accountants or other professional advisers for purposes relating to plan administration at the expense of the Company. 

2.3
 Limitation of Liability. Members of the Board, members of the Committee and Company employees who are their designees acting
under this Plan shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the advice of counsel and shall incur no liability except for
grossly negligent or willful misconduct in the performance of their duties hereunder. 

4 

ARTICLE
3 

 Stock
Subject to Plan 

3.1
 Total Shares Limitation. Subject to the provisions of this Article, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant
to Awards granted under this Plan is 2,000,000, which may be treasury Shares or unissued Shares. 

3.2
Other Limitations. 

(a)
 Stock Option Limitations. The maximum number of Shares available with respect to all Stock Options granted under this Plan is
2,000,000 Shares. The maximum number of Shares available with respect to ISOs granted under this Plan is 1,000,000 Shares. 

(b)
 Full-Value Limitations. The maximum number of Shares available with respect to Full-Value Awards granted under this Plan is 2,000,000
Shares. 

(c)
 Participant Limitation. The aggregate number of Shares underlying all Awards granted under this Plan to any participant in any
Plan Year (including but not limited to Awards of Options and SARs), regardless of whether such Awards are thereafter canceled, forfeited
or terminated, shall not exceed 100,000 Shares. 

3.3
 Awards Not Exercised; Effect of Receipt of Shares. If any outstanding Award, or portion thereof, expires, or is terminated,
canceled or forfeited, the Shares that would otherwise be issuable with respect to the unexercised portion of such expired, terminated,
canceled or forfeited Award shall be available for subsequent Awards under this Plan. If (i) the Exercise Price of a Stock Option is
paid in Shares, (ii) Shares underlying the exercised portion of an SAR are not issued upon exercise of the SAR, (iii) Shares are withheld
to satisfy an individual participant s tax obligations or (iv) Shares are repurchased by the Company on the open market with respect
to Awards under this Plan, the Shares received, not issued, withheld or repurchased by the Company in connection therewith shall not
be added to the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under Section 3.1. 

3.4
 Dilution and Other Adjustments. If the Committee determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of
cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, redesignation,
reclassification, merger, consolidation, liquidation, split-up, reverse split, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares
or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of the Company or other
similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in
order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Plan, then the
Committee may, in such manner as it deems equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the number and type of Shares (or other securities or other
property) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards, (ii) the number and type of Shares (or other securities or other property)
subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) the limitations set forth above and (iv) the purchase or Exercise Price or any performance objective
with respect to any Award; provided, however, that the number of Shares or other securities covered by any Award or to which such
Award relates is always a whole number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the foregoing adjustments
shall be made in conformity with: (I) Sections 422 and 424 of the Code with respect to ISOs; (II) Treasury Department Regulation Section
1.424-1 (and any successor thereto) with respect to NQSOs, applied as if the NQSOs were ISOs; and (III) Section 409A of the Code, to
the extent necessary to avoid its application or avoid adverse tax consequences thereunder. 

ARTICLE
4 

 Participants;
Award Agreements 

4.1
 Eligibility. Officers, all other active common law employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates, consultants and Outside
Directors who are selected by the Committee in its sole discretion are eligible to participate in this Plan (individually, a participant ). 

4.2
 Award Agreements. Each Award granted under this Plan will be evidenced by minutes of a meeting, or by a unanimous written
consent without a meeting, of the Committee, and by a written agreement dated as of the Date of Grant and executed by the Company and
by the appropriate participant. Each Award is conditioned upon the participant s execution of a written agreement in the form prescribed
by the Committee. Execution of an Award agreement shall constitute (i) the participant s irrevocable agreement to, and acceptance
of, the terms and conditions of the Award set forth in such agreement and of the terms and conditions of the Plan applicable to such
Award and (ii) the participant s agreement to pay to the Company when due the amount of any required tax withholding as provided
in Article 16. Award agreements may differ from time to time and from participant to participant. 

5 

ARTICLE
5 

 Stock
Option Awards 

5.1
 Option Grant. Each Stock Option may be granted under this Plan as a Non-Qualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option
and, if a Non-Qualified Stock Option, either independently or in conjunction with the grant of an SAR. 

5.2
 Terms and Conditions of Grants. Stock Options granted under this Plan are subject to the following terms and conditions and
may contain such additional terms, conditions, restrictions and contingencies with respect to exercisability and with respect to the
Shares acquired upon exercise as may be provided in the relevant agreement evidencing the Stock Options, as the Committee deems desirable,
so long as such terms and conditions are not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan: 

(a)
 Exercise Price. Subject to Section 3.4, the Exercise Price will never be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares
on the Date of Grant. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.4, no subsequent amendment of an outstanding Stock Option may reduce
the Exercise Price to less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Date of Grant. 

(b)
 Option Term. Any unexercised portion of a Stock Option granted hereunder shall expire at the end of the stated term of the Stock
Option. The Committee shall determine the term of each Stock Option at the time of grant, which term shall not exceed ten years from
the Date of Grant. The Committee may extend the term of a Stock Option, in its discretion, but not beyond the date immediately prior
to the tenth anniversary of the original Date of Grant. If a definite term is not specified by the Committee at the time of grant, then
the term is deemed to be ten years. Unless provided otherwise in an agreement evidencing the Stock Option or determined by the Committee,
each Stock Option shall terminate upon the participant s termination of Employment. 

(c)
 Vesting. Stock Options, or portions thereof, are exercisable at such time or times and on such conditions as determined by the
Committee in its discretion at or after grant. If the Committee provides that any Stock Option becomes Vested over a period of time or
on conditions, in its entirety or in installments, the Committee may waive or accelerate those Vesting provisions at any time. 

(d)
 Method of Exercise. Vested portions of any Stock Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the option term
by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. The notice must be given by or on
behalf of a person entitled to exercise the Stock Option, accompanied by payment in full of the Exercise Price, along with the amount
of any tax withholding. Subject to the approval of the Committee, the Exercise Price may be paid: 

(i) 
 in
 cash in any manner satisfactory to the Committee; 

(ii) 
 by
 tendering (by either actual delivery of Shares or by attestation) unrestricted Shares that are owned on the date of exercise by the
 person entitled to exercise the Stock Option having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the applicable
 Exercise Price; 

(iii) 
 by
 a combination of cash and unrestricted Shares that are owned on the date of exercise by the person entitled to exercise the Stock
 Option; 

(iv) 
 by
 delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to sell Shares obtained upon exercise of the Stock Option and to deliver promptly
 to the Company an amount out of the proceeds of such sale equal to the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased; and 

(v) 
 by
 another method permitted by law and affirmatively approved by the Committee which assures full and immediate payment or satisfaction
 of the Exercise Price. 

6 

The
Committee may withhold its approval for any method of payment for any reason, in its sole discretion, including but not limited to concerns
that the proposed method of payment will result in adverse financial accounting treatment, adverse tax treatment for the Company or a
participant or a violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended from time to time, and lawful regulations and guidance promulgated
thereunder. 

(e)
 Issuance of Shares. The Company will issue or cause to be issued Shares as soon as practicable after exercise of a Stock Option
and receipt of full payment of the Exercise Price. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, in certificated or uncertificated form, no right to vote or receive
dividends or any other rights as a Shareholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Stock Option. 

(f)
 Form. Unless the grant of a Stock Option is designated at the time of grant as an ISO, it is deemed to be an NQSO. ISOs are subject
to the additional terms and conditions in Article 6. 

(g)
 Special Limitations on Stock Option Awards. Unless an Award agreement approved by the Committee expressly provides otherwise,
Stock Options awarded under this Plan are intended to meet the requirements for exclusion from coverage under Section 409A of the Code
and all Stock Option Awards shall be construed and administered accordingly. 

ARTICLE
6 

 Special
Rules Applicable to Incentive Stock Options 

6.1
 Eligibility. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, an ISO may only be granted to employees (including
officers and Directors who are also employees) of the Company or an Affiliate which is also a Parent or Subsidiary. 

6.2
Special ISO Rules. 

(a)
 Term. No ISO may be exercisable on or after the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant, and no ISO may be granted under this Plan
on or after the tenth anniversary of the effective date of this Plan. 

(b)
 Ten Percent Shareholder. If a grantee owns (at the time of the Award and after application of the rules contained in Section 424(d)
of the Code) equity securities possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of equity securities of the
Company, its Parent or any Subsidiary, the Exercise Price of the ISO will be at least 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares as
of the Date of Grant and such ISO shall not be exercisable on or after the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

(c)
 Limitation on Grants. The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined with respect to each ISO at the time of grant) of the Shares
with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year (under this Plan or any other plan
adopted by the Company or a Parent or a Subsidiary) shall not exceed 100,000. If such aggregate Fair Market Value shall exceed 100,000,
such number of ISOs as shall have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the amount in excess of 100,000 shall be treated as NQSOs. 

(d)
 Non-Transferability. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no ISO (and, if applicable, related Stock Appreciation
Right) may be transferred except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, nor may an ISO (or related Stock Appreciation Right)
be exercisable during an optionee s lifetime other than by him or her (or his or her guardian or legal representative to the extent
permitted by applicable law). 

(e)
 Termination of Employment. No ISO may be exercised more than three months following termination of Employment for any reason (including
Retirement) other than death or Disability, nor more than one year following termination of Employment due to death or Disability (as
defined in Section 422 of the Code), or such option will no longer qualify as an ISO and shall thereafter be, and receive the tax treatment
applicable to, an NQSO. For this purpose, a termination of Employment is cessation of Employment such that no Employment relationship
exists between the participant and the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary. 

7 

(f)
 Fair Market Value. For purposes of any ISO granted hereunder (or, if applicable, related Stock Appreciation Right), the Fair Market
Value of Shares shall be determined in the manner required by Section 422 of the Code. 

6.3
 Subject to Code Amendments. The foregoing limitations are designed to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code
and shall be automatically amended or modified to comply with changes to Section 422 of the Code. Any ISO which fails to meet the requirements
of Section 422 of the Code is automatically treated as an NQSO appropriately granted under this Plan provided that it otherwise meets
the Plan s requirements for being an NQSO. 

ARTICLE
7 

 Stock
Appreciation Rights 

7.1
 SAR Grant and Agreement. A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted under this Plan, either independently or in conjunction
with the grant of a Stock Option. 

7.2
SARs Granted in Conjunction with Option. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in conjunction with all or part of Stock
Options granted under this Plan, at the same time as the grant of the Stock Options, and will be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Term. Each Stock Appreciation Right, or applicable portion thereof, granted with respect to a given Stock Option or portion thereof
terminates and is no longer exercisable upon the termination or exercise of the related Stock Option, or applicable portion thereof. 

(b)
 Exercisability. A Stock Appreciation Right is exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the Stock Option to
which it relates is Vested and exercisable in accordance with the provisions of Article 5 or otherwise as the Committee may determine. 

(c)
 Method of Exercise. A Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised by the surrender of the applicable portion of the related Stock
Option. Stock Options which have been so surrendered, in whole or in part, are no longer exercisable to the extent the related Stock
Appreciation Rights have been exercised and are deemed to have been exercised for the purpose of the limitation set forth in Article
3 on the number of Shares to be issued under this Plan. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, subject to satisfaction of tax
withholding requirements, the holder of the Stock Appreciation Right is entitled to receive cash or Shares equal in value to the excess
of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date over the Exercise Price per Share specified in the related Stock Option, multiplied
by the number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. Any fractional Shares shall be paid in cash or,
if the Committee determines, rounded downward to the next whole Share. At any time the Exercise Price per Share of the related Stock
Option exceeds the Fair Market Value of one Share, the holder of the Stock Appreciation Right shall not be permitted to exercise such
right. 

7.3
 Independent SARs. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted without related Stock Options, and independent Stock Appreciation
Rights will be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Term . Any unexercised portion of an independent Stock Appreciation Right granted hereunder shall expire at the end of the stated
term of the Stock Appreciation Right. The Committee shall determine the term of each Stock Appreciation Right at the time of grant, which
term shall not exceed ten years from the Date of Grant. The Committee may extend the term of a Stock Appreciation Right, in its discretion,
but not beyond the date immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the original Date of Grant. If a definite term is not specified
by the Committee at the time of grant, then the term is deemed to be ten years. 

(b)
 Exercisability. A Stock Appreciation Right is exercisable, in whole or in part, at such time or times as determined by the Committee
at or after the time of grant. 

8 

(c)
 Method of Exercise . A Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in part during the term by giving written notice of
exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right is being exercised. The notice
must be given by or on behalf of a person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation
Right, subject to satisfaction of tax withholding requirements, the holder of the Stock Appreciation Right is entitled to receive cash
or Shares equal in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date over the Fair Market Value of a Share
on the Date of Grant (the Base Value multiplied by the number of Stock Appreciation Rights being exercised. Any
fractional Shares shall be paid in cash or, if the Committee determines, rounded downward to the next whole Share. At any time the Fair
Market Value of a Share on a proposed exercise date does not exceed the Base Value, the holder of the Stock Appreciation Right shall
not be permitted to exercise such right. 

7.4
 Other Terms and Conditions of SAR Grants. Stock Appreciation Rights are subject to such other terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the provisions of this Plan, as are determined from time to time by the Committee. 

7.5
 Special Limitations on SAR Awards. Unless an Award agreement approved by the Committee expressly provides otherwise, Stock
Appreciation Rights awarded under this Plan are intended to meet the requirements for exclusion from coverage under Section 409A of the
Code and all Stock Appreciation Rights Awards shall be construed and administered accordingly. 

ARTICLE
8 

 Restricted
Share and Restricted Share Unit Awards 

8.1
 Restricted Share Grants and Agreements. Restricted Share Awards consist of Shares which are issued by the Company to a participant
at no cost or at a purchase price determined by the Committee which may be below their Fair Market Value, but which are subject to forfeiture
and restrictions on their sale or other transfer by the participant. The timing of Restricted Share Awards and the number of Shares to
be issued (subject to Section 3.4) are determined by the Committee in its discretion. 

8.2
 Terms and Conditions of Restricted Share Grants. Restricted Shares granted under this Plan are subject to the following terms
and conditions, which, except as otherwise provided herein, need not be the same for each participant, and may contain such additional
terms, conditions, restrictions and contingencies not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Committee deems desirable: 

(a)
 Purchase Price. The Committee shall determine the prices, if any, at which Restricted Shares are to be issued to a participant,
which may vary from time to time and from participant to participant and which may be below the Fair Market Value of such Restricted
Shares at the Date of Grant. 

(b)
 Restrictions. All Restricted Shares issued under this Plan will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may determine,
which may include, without limitation, the following: 

(i) 
 a
 prohibition against the sale, transfer, pledge or other encumbrance of the Restricted Shares, such prohibition to lapse at such time
 or times as the Committee determines (whether in installments, at the time of the death, Disability or Retirement of the holder of
 such shares, or otherwise, but subject to the Change in Control provisions in Article 12 and the applicable Award agreements); 

(ii) 
 a
 requirement that the participant forfeit such Restricted Shares in the event of termination of the participant s Employment
 with the Company or its Affiliates prior to Vesting; 

(iii) 
 the
 elimination of any voting rights and rights to receive dividends for such Restricted Shares prior to Vesting; 

(iv) 
 a
 prohibition against Employment or retention of the participant by any competitor of the Company or its Affiliates, or against dissemination
 by the participant of any secret or confidential information belonging to the Company or an Affiliate; 

(v) 
 any
 applicable requirements arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other securities laws, the rules and regulations of
 The Nasdaq Stock Market or any other stock exchange or transaction reporting system upon which such Restricted Shares are then listed
 or quoted and any state laws, rules and regulations, including blue sky laws; and 

(vi) 
 such
 additional restrictions as are required to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. 

9 

The
Committee may at any time waive such restrictions or accelerate the date or dates on which the restrictions will lapse. 

(c)
 Performance-Based Restrictions. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide restrictions that lapse upon the attainment
of specified performance objectives. In such case, the provisions of Sections 9.2, 9.3 and 9.4(b) will apply. 

(d)
 Delivery of Shares. Restricted Shares will be certificated and registered in the name of the participant and deposited, together
with a Stock Power, with the Company. Each such certificate will bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

The
transferability of this certificate and the Common Shares represented by it are subject to the terms and conditions (including conditions
of forfeiture) contained in the Sanara MedTech Inc. 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan and an agreement entered into between the registered
owner and the Company. A copy of this Plan and agreement are on file in the office of the Secretary of the Company. 

At
the end of any time period during which the Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture and restrictions on transfer, and after the satisfaction
by the participant of tax withholding requirements, such Shares will be delivered free of all restrictions (except as provided in Section
15.2) to the participant or other appropriate person and with the foregoing legend removed. 

(e)
 Forfeiture of Shares. If a participant who holds Restricted Shares fails to satisfy the restrictions, Vesting requirements and
other conditions relating to the Restricted Shares prior to the lapse, satisfaction or waiver of such restrictions and conditions, except
as may otherwise be determined by the Committee, the participant shall forfeit the Shares and transfer them back to the Company in exchange
for a refund of any consideration paid by the participant or such other amount which may be specifically set forth in the Award agreement.
A participant shall execute and deliver to the Company one or more Stock Powers with respect to Restricted Shares granted to such participant. 

(f)
 Voting and Other Rights. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Share Agreement, during any period in which
Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture and restrictions on transfer, the participant holding such Restricted Shares shall have the
other rights of a Shareholder with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, the right to vote such Shares and the right
to receive any dividends paid with respect to such Shares; provided that if restrictions lapse upon the attainment of specified performance
objectives, then the participant will receive any dividends only to the extent performance objectives were achieved. 

8.3
 Restricted Share Unit Awards and Agreements. Restricted Share Unit Awards consist of Shares that will be issued to a participant
at a future time or times at no cost or at a purchase price determined by the Committee, which may be below their Fair Market Value,
subject to satisfaction of continued Employment and/or other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. The timing of Restricted
Share Unit Awards and the number of Restricted Share Units to be awarded (subject to Section 3.2) are determined by the Committee in
its sole discretion. 

8.4
 Terms and Conditions of Restricted Share Unit Awards. Restricted Share Unit Awards are subject to the following terms and
conditions, which, except as otherwise provided herein, need not be the same for each participant, and may contain such additional terms,
conditions, restrictions and contingencies not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Committee deems desirable: 

(a)
 Purchase Price. The Committee shall determine the prices, if any, at which Shares are to be issued to a participant after Vesting
of Restricted Share Units, which may vary from time to time and among participants and which may be below the Fair Market Value of Shares
at the Date of Grant. 

(b)
 Restrictions . All Restricted Share Units awarded under this Plan will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may determine,
which may include, without limitation, the following: 

(i) 
 a
 prohibition against the sale, transfer, pledge or other encumbrance of the Restricted Share Unit; 

(ii) 
 a
 requirement that the participant forfeit such Restricted Share Unit in the event of termination of the participant s Employment
 with the Company or its Affiliates prior to Vesting; 

10 

(iii) 
 a
 prohibition against Employment of the participant by, or provision of services by the participant to, any competitor of the Company
 or its Affiliates, or against dissemination by the participant of any secret or confidential information belonging to the Company
 or an Affiliate; 

(iv) 
 any
 applicable requirements arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other securities laws, the rules and regulations of
 The Nasdaq Stock Market or any other stock exchange or transaction reporting system upon which the Common Shares are then listed
 or quoted and any state laws, rules and interpretations, including blue sky laws; and 

(v) 
 such
 additional restrictions as are required to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. 

The
Committee may at any time waive such restrictions or accelerate the date or dates on which the restrictions will lapse. 

(c)
 Performance-Based Restrictions. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide restrictions that lapse upon the attainment
of specified performance objectives. In such case, the provisions of Sections 9.2, 9.3 and 9.4(b) will apply. 

(d)
 Voting and Other Rights. A participant holding Restricted Share Units shall not be deemed to be a Shareholder solely because of
such units. Such participant shall have no rights of a Shareholder with respect to such units; provided, however, that an Award
agreement may provide for payment of an amount of money (or Shares with a Fair Market Value equivalent to such amount) equal to the dividends
paid from time to time on the number of Common Shares that would become payable upon vesting of a Restricted Share Unit Award but if
restrictions lapse upon the attainment of specified performance objectives, then such dividend equivalents shall be paid only to the
extent performance objectives are achieved. 

(e)
 Lapse of Restrictions. If a participant who holds Restricted Share Units satisfies the restrictions and other conditions relating
to the Restricted Share Units prior to the lapse or waiver of such restrictions and conditions, after the satisfaction by the participant
of tax withholding requirements the Restricted Share Units shall be converted to, or replaced with, Shares which are free of all restrictions
(except as provided in Section 15.2). 

(f)
 Forfeiture of Restricted Share Units. If a participant who holds Restricted Share Units fails to satisfy the restrictions, Vesting
requirements and other conditions relating to the Restricted Share Units prior to the lapse, satisfaction or waiver of such restrictions
and conditions, except as may otherwise be determined by the Committee, the participant shall forfeit the Restricted Share Units. 

(g)
 Special Limitations on Restricted Share Unit Awards. Restricted Share Units awarded under this Plan are intended to be compliant
with, or exempt from, Section 409A of the Code and all Restricted Share Unit Awards shall be construed and administered accordingly. 

ARTICLE
9 

 Performance
Share Awards 

9.1
 Performance Share Awards and Agreements. A Performance Share Award is a right to receive Shares in the future conditioned
upon the attainment of specified performance objectives and such other conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Committee may
determine. The timing of Performance Share Awards and the number of Shares covered by each Award (subject to Section 3.2) are determined
by the Committee in its discretion. 

9.2
 Performance Objectives. At the time of grant of a Performance Share Award, the Committee will specify the performance objectives
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number of Shares that will be distributed to the participant.
The Committee will also specify the period or periods during which any performance objective must be met (the Performance Period ).
The Committee may designate a single goal criterion or multiple goal criteria for performance measurement purposes. Performance measurement
may be based on absolute Company, business unit or divisional performance and/or on relative performance as compared with that of other
publicly traded companies. The performance objectives and periods need not be the same for each participant nor for each Award. 

11 

9.3
 Adjustment of Performance Objective and Evaluations. The Committee may modify, amend or otherwise adjust the performance objectives
specified for outstanding Performance Share Awards if it determines that an adjustment would be consistent with the objectives of this
Plan and taking into account the interests of the participants and the public Shareholders of the Company. The types of events which
could cause an adjustment in the performance objectives include, without limitation, accounting changes which substantially affect the
determination of performance objectives, changes in applicable laws or regulations which affect the performance objectives, and divisive
corporate reorganizations, including spin-offs and other distributions of property or stock. The Committee may also appropriately adjust
any performance evaluation under a performance objective or objectives to reflect any of the following events that may occur during the
Performance Period: (1) asset gains or losses; (2) litigation, claims, judgments or settlements; (3) the effect of changes in tax law,
accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results; (4) accruals for reorganization and restructuring
programs; and (5) any extraordinary, unusual, non-recurring or non-cash items. 

9.4
 Other Terms and Conditions. Performance Share Awards may contain such other terms, conditions, restrictions and contingencies
not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan as the Committee deems desirable and are subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Delivery of Shares. As soon as practicable after the applicable Performance Period has ended, and the fulfillment of time Vesting
requirements, if any, and after the satisfaction by the participant of tax withholding requirements, the participant will receive a distribution
of the number of Shares earned during the Performance Period, depending upon the extent to which the applicable performance objectives
were achieved. Such Shares will be registered in the name of the participant and will be free of all restrictions except for any restrictions
pursuant to Section 15.2. 

(b)
 Termination; Time Vesting. A Performance Share Award or unearned portion thereof will terminate without the issuance of Shares
on the termination date specified at the time of grant or, whether or not earned, upon the termination of Employment of the participant
during the time period or periods required for Vesting as specified by the Committee. If a participant s Employment with the Company
or its Affiliates terminates by reason of his or her death, Disability or Retirement, the Committee in its discretion may determine at
or after the time of grant, notwithstanding any Vesting requirements under Section 9.4(a), that the participant (or the heir, legatee
or legal representative of the participant s estate) will receive a distribution of Shares representing a portion of the participant s
then-outstanding Performance Share Awards in an amount which is not more than the number of shares which would have been earned by the
participant if 100 of the performance objectives for the current Performance Period had been achieved prorated based on the ratio of
the number of months of active Employment in the Performance Period to the total number of months in the Performance Period. 

(c)
 Voting and Other Rights. Awards of Performance Shares do not provide the participant with voting rights or rights to dividends
prior to the participant becoming the holder of record of Shares issued pursuant to an Award; provided, however, that an Award agreement
may provide for payment of an amount of money (or Shares with a Fair Market Value equivalent to such amount) equal to the dividends paid
from time to time on the number of Common Shares that would become payable upon vesting of a Performance Share Award but such dividend
equivalents shall be paid only to the extent performance objectives are achieved. Prior to the issuance of Shares, Performance Share
Awards may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered. 

9.5
 Special Limitations on Performance Share Awards. Unless an Award agreement provides otherwise, Performance Shares Awarded
under this Plan are intended to meet the requirements for exclusion from coverage under Section 409A of the Code and all Performance
Share Awards shall be construed and administered accordingly. 

12 

ARTICLE
10 

 Common
Share Awards 

10.1
 Eligibility. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Common Share may only be granted to an employee
or Outside Director. 

10.2
Terms and Conditions of Common Share Awards. 

(a)
 Purpose. Common Shares may be granted in consideration of services rendered to the Company by employees or Outside Directors in
their capacity as Directors. 

(b)
 Vesting. Common Shares shall be fully-Vested. 

(c)
 Delivery of Shares . The Shares will be delivered to the participant after the satisfaction by the participant of tax withholding
requirements. 

ARTICLE
11 

 Transfers
and Leaves of Absence 

11.1
 Transfer of Participant. For purposes of this Plan, the transfer of a participant among the Company and its Affiliates is
deemed not to be a termination of Employment. 

11.2
 Effect of Leaves of Absence. For purposes of this Plan, the following leaves of absence are deemed not to be a termination
of Employment: 

(a)
a leave of absence, approved in writing by the Company, for military service, sickness or any other purpose approved by the Company,
if the period of such leave does not exceed 90 days; 

(b)
a leave of absence in excess of 90 days, approved in writing by the Company, but only if the employee s right to reemployment is
guaranteed either by a statute or by contract, and provided that, in the case of any such leave of absence, the employee returns to work
within 30 days after the end of such leave; and 

(c)
any other absence determined by the Committee in its discretion not to constitute a termination of Employment. 

ARTICLE
12 

 Effect
of Change in Control 

12.1
 Change in Control Defined. Change in Control means (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company to any person or entity that is not a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation to which the Company
is a party if all persons who were shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation
become beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of securities having less than
50 of the total combined voting power for election of directors (or comparable governing body) of the surviving corporation or other
entity following the effective date of such merger or consolidation; or (iii) the approval by shareholders of the Company of any plan
or proposal for the liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries (other than into the Company). 

12.2
 Acceleration of Award. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan or an Award agreement, immediately upon the occurrence of
a Change in Control: 

(a)
all outstanding Stock Options automatically become fully exercisable; 

(b)
all Restricted Share Awards automatically become fully Vested; 

(c)
subject to Section 409A of the Code, all Restricted Share Unit Awards automatically become fully Vested (or, if such Restricted Share
Unit Awards are subject to performance-based restrictions, they shall become Vested on a pro-rated basis as described in Section 12.2(d))
and, to the extent Vested, converted to, or replaced with, Shares at the election of the holder; 

13 

(d)
all participants holding Performance Share Awards become entitled to receive a partial payout in an amount which is the number of Shares
which would have been earned by the participant if 100 of the performance objectives for the current Performance Period had been achieved
pro-rated based on the ratio of the number of months of active Employment in the Performance Period to the total number of months in
the Performance Period; and 

(e)
Stock Appreciation Rights automatically become fully Vested and fully exercisable. 

12.3
 Treatment of Awards. If the Committee determines that it would not trigger adverse taxation under Section 409A of the Code,
upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Committee may, but shall not be obligated to, (A) cancel Awards for fair value, which,
in the case of Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, shall equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration to be paid
in the Change in Control transaction to holders of the same number of Shares subject to such Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights
(or, if no consideration is paid in any such transaction, the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Stock Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights as of the date of the Change in Control) over the aggregate Exercise Price or Base Value (as applicable) of such
Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or (B) provide for the issuance of substitute Awards that will substantially preserve the
otherwise applicable terms and value of any affected Awards previously granted hereunder as determined by the Committee or (C) provide
that for a period of at least 15 days prior to the Change in Control, such Awards shall be exercisable, to the extent applicable, as
to all Shares subject thereto and the Committee may further provide that upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, such Awards shall
terminate and be of no further force and effect. 

ARTICLE
13 

 Transferability
of Awards 

13.1
 Awards Are Non-Transferable. Except as provided in Sections 13.2 and 13.3, Awards are non- transferable and any attempts to
assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise alienate or encumber (whether by operation of law or otherwise) any Award shall be null and
void. 

13.2
 Inter-Vivos Exercise of Awards. During a participant s lifetime, Awards are exercisable only by the participant or,
as permitted by applicable law and notwithstanding Section 13.1 to the contrary, the participant s guardian or other legal representative. 

13.3
 Limited Transferability of Certain Awards. Notwithstanding Section 13.1 to the contrary, Awards may be transferred by will
and by the laws of descent and distribution. Moreover, the Committee, in its discretion, may allow at or after the time of grant the
transferability of Awards which are Vested, provided that the permitted transfer is made (a) if the Award is an Incentive Stock Option,
consistent with Section 422 of the Code; (b) to the Company (for example in the case of forfeiture of Restricted Shares), an Affiliate
or a person acting as the agent of the foregoing, or as otherwise determined by the Committee to be in the interests of the Company;
or (c) by a participant for no consideration to Immediate Family Members or to a bona fide trust, partnership or other entity controlled
by and for the benefit of one or more Immediate Family Members. Immediate Family Members means the participant s
spouse, children, stepchildren, parents, stepparents, siblings (including half brothers and sisters), in-laws and other individuals who
have a relationship to the participant arising because of a legal adoption. No transfer may be made to the extent that transferability
would cause Form S-8 or any successor form thereto not to be available to register Shares related to an Award. The Committee in its discretion
may impose additional terms and conditions upon transferability. 

ARTICLE
14 

 Amendment
and Discontinuation 

14.1
 Amendment or Discontinuation of this Plan. The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue this Plan at any time, provided that
no amendment, alteration, or discontinuance may be made: 

(a)
which would materially and adversely affect the rights of a participant under any Award granted prior to the date such action is adopted
by the Board without the participant s written consent thereto; and 

(b)
without Shareholder approval if Shareholder approval is required under applicable laws, regulations or exchange requirements (including
Section 422 of the Code with respect to ISOs). 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Plan may be amended without obtaining the affected participants consent in order to: (i) comply with any law;
(ii) preserve any intended favorable tax effects for the Company or participants; or (iii) avoid any unintended unfavorable tax effects
for the Company or participants. 

14 

14.2
 Amendment of Grants. The Committee may amend, prospectively or retroactively, the terms of any outstanding Award, provided
that no such amendment may be inconsistent with the terms of this Plan (specifically including the prohibition on granting Stock Options
with an Exercise Price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the Date of Grant) or would materially and adversely
affect the rights of any holder without his or her written consent. 

ARTICLE
15 

 Share
Certificates 

15.1
 Delivery of Share Certificates. The Company is not required to issue or deliver any Shares issuable with respect to Awards
under this Plan prior to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions: 

(a)
payment in full for the Shares and for any tax withholding; 

(b)
completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any federal or state laws or under the rulings or regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulating body which the Committee in its discretion deems necessary or advisable; 

(c)
admission of such Shares to listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market or any stock exchange on which the Shares are listed; 

(d)
in the event the Shares are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, qualification as a private placement under said
act; 

(e)
obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any federal or state governmental agency which the Committee in its discretion determines
to be necessary or advisable; and 

(f)
full satisfaction of the Committee that the issuance and delivery of Shares under this Plan is in compliance with applicable federal,
state or local law, rule, regulation or ordinance or any rule or regulation of any other regulating body, for which the Committee may
seek approval of counsel for the Company. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Award that is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code, a payment may only be delayed where
the Company or any Affiliate reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate federal securities laws or other applicable
law and provided that the payment is made at the earliest date at which the Company or Affiliate reasonably anticipates that the making
of the payment will not cause such violation. 

15.2
 Applicable Restrictions on Shares. Shares issued with respect to Awards may be subject to such stock transfer orders and other
restrictions as the Committee may determine necessary or advisable under any applicable federal or state securities law rules, regulations
and other requirements, the rules, regulations and other requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market or other stock exchange upon which the
Shares are then-listed, and any other applicable federal or state law and will include any restrictive legends the Committee may deem
appropriate to include. 

15.3
 Book Entry. In lieu of the issuance of stock certificates evidencing Shares, the Company or its transfer agent may use a book
entry system in which a computerized or manual entry is made in the records of the Company or the transfer agent to evidence
the issuance of such Shares. Such Company records are, absent manifest error, binding on all parties. 

15 

ARTICLE
16 

 Tax
Withholding 

16.1
 General. The Committee shall cause the Company or its Affiliates to withhold any taxes which it determines it is required
by law or required by the terms of this Plan to withhold in connection with any payments incident to this Plan. The participant or other
recipient shall provide the Committee with such Stock Powers and additional information or documentation as may be necessary for the
Committee to discharge its obligations under this Section. 

16.2
 Method of Payment by Participant . The Company will specify the amount of tax withholding payable by a participant in connection
with the Vesting of the participant s Award. The participant shall pay such amount of tax withholding in cash or if provided in
the Award Agreement by such other manner permitted in the Award agreement, which may include, subject to Committee approval: 

(i) 
 tendering
 (by either actual delivery of Shares or by attestation) unrestricted Shares that are owned by the participant prior to the date of
 Vesting having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of Vesting equal to the amount of such withholding tax; 

(ii) 
 the
 withholding of Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the Award on the date of Vesting having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the
 date of Vesting equal to the amount of such withholding tax; 

(iii) 
 by
 a combination of cash and either of the foregoing enumerated methods; 

(iv) 
 another
 method approved by the Committee. 

16.3
 Delivery of Withholding Proceeds. The Company or its Affiliates shall deliver withholding proceeds to the Internal Revenue
Service and/or other taxing authority. 

ARTICLE
17 

 General
Provisions 

17.1
 No Implied Rights to Awards, Employment or Directorship. No potential participant has any claim or right to be granted an
Award under this Plan, and there is no obligation of uniformity of treatment of participants under this Plan. Neither this Plan nor any
Award hereunder shall be construed as giving any individual any right to continued Employment with the Company or any Affiliate. The
Plan does not constitute a contract of Employment or for services, and the Company and each Affiliate expressly reserve the right at
any time to terminate employees or service providers free from liability, or any claim, under this Plan, except as may be specifically
provided in this Plan or in an Award agreement. 

17.2
 Other Compensation Plans. Nothing contained in this Plan prevents the Board from adopting other or additional compensation
arrangements, subject to Shareholder approval if such approval is required, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable
or applicable only in specific cases. 

17.3
 Rule 16b-3 Compliance. The Plan is intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act,
as such rule may be amended from time to time Rule 16b-3 ). All transactions involving any participant subject to
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act shall be subject to the conditions set forth in Rule 16b-3, regardless of whether such conditions are
expressly set forth in this Plan. Any provision of this Plan that is contrary to Rule 16b-3 does not apply to such participants. 

17.4
 Compliance with Section 409A. The parties intend that this Plan and Awards be, at all relevant times, in compliance with (or
exempt from) Section 409A of the Code and all other applicable laws, and this Plan shall be so interpreted and administered. In addition
to the general amendment rights of the Company with respect to the Plan, the Company specifically retains the unilateral right (but not
the obligation) to make, prospectively or retroactively, any amendment to this Plan or any related document as it deems necessary or
desirable to more fully address issues in connection with compliance with (or exemption from) Section 409A of the Code and other laws.
In no event, however, shall this section or any other provisions of this Plan be construed to require the Company to provide any gross-up
for the tax consequences of any provisions of, or payments under, this Plan. The Company and its Affiliates shall have no responsibility
for tax or legal consequences to any Participant (or beneficiary) resulting from the terms or operation of this Plan. 

17.5
 Successors . All obligations of the Company with respect to Awards granted under this Plan are binding on any successor to
the Company, whether as a result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise of all or substantially all of
the business and/or assets of the Company. 

17.6
 Severability. In the event any provision of this Plan, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, is held
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of this Plan, or other applications,
and this Plan is to be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 

17.7
 Governing Law. This Plan and all Award agreements pursuant thereto are construed in accordance with and governed by the internal
laws of the State of Texas. This Plan is not intended to be governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and shall
be so construed and administered. 

ARTICLE
18 

 Effective
Date; Expiration 

18.1
 Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan is the date on which the Shareholders of the Company approve it at a duly
held Shareholders meeting. No Awards may be granted under this Plan after the tenth anniversary of such date, but Awards granted
before such tenth anniversary may remain outstanding under this Plan until they expire according to their terms and the other terms of
this Plan. 

16 

</EX-10.1_1>

<EX-10.1_3>
 3
 ex10-1_3.htm

Exhibit 10.1.3 

RESTRICTED
STOCK AGREEMENT 

This
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into on ______________, 202__ (the Date of Grant ),
between SANARA MEDTECH INC., a Texas corporation (the Company and ________________ (the Recipient ). 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined to grant restricted stock awards to non-employee directors
of the Company under the Company s 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan upon the terms and conditions
set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Company and the Recipient agree as follows: 

1.
 Grant of Award . The Company hereby grants to the Recipient, under the Plan, a Restricted Share Award (as such term is defined
in the Plan) consisting of _____ shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company
(the Restricted Stock ), on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.
The grant of the Restricted Stock is made in consideration of the services rendered and to be rendered by the Recipient to the Company. 

The
Recipient shall be issued stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock which shall be registered in the name of the Recipient and
shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions of the Restricted Stock, substantially in the following
form: 

The
transferability of this certificate and the common stock represented hereby are subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions (including
conditions of forfeiture) contained in the Restricted Stock Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Sanara MedTech Inc.,
and in the 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan of Sanara MedTech Inc. A copy of the Restricted Stock Agreement and such Plan are on
file in the offices of Sanara MedTech Inc., 1200 Summit Ave, Suite 414, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. 

The
stock certificates evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock shall be held in custody by the Company or, if specified by the Board, with
a third party custodian or trustee, until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and, as a condition of this Restricted Share Award,
the Recipient shall deliver a stock power, duly endorsed in blank, relating to the shares of Restricted Stock. 

2.
 Transfer Restrictions . Subject to satisfaction of the vesting provisions set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, the shares
of Restricted Stock are non-transferable and may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered
by the Recipient or become subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell
or otherwise transfer or encumber any shares of Restricted Stock or the rights relating thereto until vested as provided herein shall
be wholly ineffective and, if any such attempt were to be made, all unvested shares of Restricted Stock will be forfeited by the Recipient,
and all of the Recipient s rights to such shares shall immediately terminate without any payment or consideration by the Company. 

3.
 Voting and Dividend Rights . Recipient agrees that during the period in which any Restricted Stock is unvested and subject to the
restrictions provided herein, the Recipient shall not have the right to vote, or to receive cash dividends (except as contemplated in
Section 5 hereof) payable on, such unvested shares of Restricted Stock. Any dividend or distribution payable with respect to Restricted
Stock that shall be paid in shares of Common Stock or other property (excluding cash), or any consideration (including cash) receivable
for conversion of or in exchange for any shares of Restricted Stock, shall be subject to the same restrictions applicable to the unvested
Restricted Stock (with such modifications thereof as the Board may provide in its absolute discretion), and shall be held in custody
by the Company or with a third party custodian or trustee until the vesting of the corresponding Restricted Stock. 

Outside Director 

4.
 Vesting . Except as otherwise provided herein, and provided that from the date hereof through the applicable vesting date set forth
below the Recipient remains continuously a member of the Board (or otherwise continues to provide services to the Company), the restrictions
on the Restricted Stock shall lapse and the Restricted Stock shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule below. 

Vesting Date 
 
 Shares Vesting 

[The one-year anniversary of 
 the Date of Grant] 
 
 100 of Restricted 
Stock awarded 

The
foregoing vesting period notwithstanding, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, 100 of the unvested shares of Restricted Stock
shall vest as of the date of the Change in Control. Change in Control shall mean (i) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company to any person or entity that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary; (ii) a merger or consolidation to which the
Company is a party if all persons who were shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation
become beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of securities having less than
50 of the total combined voting power for election of directors (or comparable governing body) of the surviving corporation or other
entity following the effective date of such merger or consolidation; or (iii) the approval by shareholders of the Company of any plan
or proposal for the liquidation of the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than into the Company). 

Upon
the Recipient s ceasing to be a member of the Company s Board (or the board of directors of a successor to the Company) or
to otherwise provide services to the Company, whether as an Officer, employee, consultant, or other individual service provider, for
any reason, the Recipient shall on such date immediately forfeit all rights in the shares of Restricted Stock which shall not have become
vested, and the ownership of such shares shall immediately fully vest in the Company, which shall have no further obligations to the
Recipient under this Agreement. 

Upon
the vesting as to any portion of the Restricted Stock, the Company will cause a new certificate evidencing such number of vested shares
of Common Stock to be delivered to the Recipient, free of the legend regarding restrictions on transfer; provided that the Company
shall not be obligated to issue any fractional share of Common Stock. 

5.
 Capitalization; Adjustments . In the event of a dividend or other distribution (other than ordinary cash dividends), merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, stock split, reorganization, reclassification, merger, exchange of securities of the Company, or other corporate transaction
affecting the capital structure of the Company, the Board or a committee designated by the Board may in its discretion make adjustments
and take actions as contemplated by Section 3.4 of the Plan. 

6.
 Taxes . The Recipient shall be required to pay all income taxes (including any required withholding or estimated taxes) due as
a result of the vesting of or other event relating to any Restricted Stock. The Company will not pay or in any way be responsible for
the withholding or timely payment of any taxes incurred as a result of the Recipient s ownership of Common Stock awarded hereunder
unless otherwise required by law. The Recipient is hereby advised to consult immediately with the Recipient s own tax advisor regarding
the tax consequences of this Agreement, the method and timing for filing an election to include the Restricted Stock in income under
Section 83(b) of the Code (see Section 7 below), and the tax consequences of such an election. 

2 

7.
 Section 83(b) Election . The Recipient may make an election under Internal Revenue Code Section 83(b) regarding federal income
tax treatment of the Restricted Stock. Any such election must be made within 30 days after the date of grant, and the Recipient must
provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and satisfactory evidence of filing with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in
accordance with the regulations promulgated under Section 83(b) of the Code. The Recipient agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring
that the election, if made, is actually and timely filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and for all tax consequences resulting
from the election. By execution of this Agreement, the Recipient agrees that if the Recipient makes such an election, the Recipient shall
timely provide the Company with written notice of such election in accordance with the regulations promulgated under Section 83(b) of
the Code. 

8.
 No Right to Continued Service or Future Awards . This Agreement shall not confer upon the Recipient any right to nomination for
or recommendation regarding any term of membership on the Board or any committee thereof or to any other position with the Company, whether
as an Officer, employee, consultant, or other individual service provider. The grant of the Restricted Stock in this Agreement does not
create any contractual right or other right to receive any Restricted Stock or other awards in the future. Future awards of compensation,
if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Board. 

9.
 Compliance with Laws . The issuance and transfer of shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the
Recipient with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange
on which the Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable
requirements of federal and state laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the Company s satisfaction. Any
determination in this regard by the Company shall be final, binding, and conclusive for all purposes. The Company shall be under no obligation
to register the shares of Common Stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commission or to list the
shares on any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

10.
 Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD
TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES. ALL DISPUTES, CONTROVERSIES OR DIFFERENCES WHICH MAY ARISE OUT OF, IN RELATION TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BREACH THEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT AND ADJUDICATED IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS.
RECIPIENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS. 

11.
 Restricted Stock Subject to the Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan, the terms and provisions of which may be amended
from time to time in the Company s sole discretion. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and
a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable term or provision of the Plan will prevail. 

12.
 Interpretation . The interpretation of this Agreement and any dispute relating thereto shall be decided by the Board or a committee
designated by the Board and shall be final, binding, and conclusive on the Recipient, the Company, and all other persons. 

13.
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement, which will be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Company s successors and assigns. 

3 

14.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision, and each provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

15.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, electronic
mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance
of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

16.
 Specific Performance . The parties acknowledge that remedies at law will be inadequate remedies for a breach of this Agreement
and consequently agree that this Agreement shall be enforceable by specific performance. The remedy of specific performance shall be
cumulative of all of the rights and remedies at law or in equity of the parties under this Agreement. 

17.
 Recipient s Acknowledgments . The Recipient (i) acknowledges that a copy of the Plan has been made available by the Company
for the Recipient s review and (ii) represents that the Recipient is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby
accepts this Award subject to all the terms and provisions thereof. The Recipient hereby agrees to accept as final, binding, and conclusive
all decisions or interpretations of the Board or, if applicable, the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

18.
 Covenants and Agreements as Independent Agreements . Each of the covenants and agreements that are set forth in this Agreement
shall be construed as a covenant and agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause
of action of the Recipient against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement, the Plan, or otherwise, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants and agreements that are set forth in this Agreement. 

19.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with the Plan) supersedes any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either
oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and constitute the sole and only agreements between
the parties with respect to said subject matter. All prior negotiations and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof are merged into this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises,
or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in
this Agreement or the Plan and that any agreement, statement, or promise that is not contained in this Agreement or the Plan shall not
be valid or binding or of any force or effect. 

20.
 Modification . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties unless the change or modification
is in writing and signed by the parties hereto. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company may amend the Plan to the extent
permitted by the Plan. 

21.
 Headings . The headings used in this Agreement are used for reference and convenience purposes only and do not constitute substantive
matters to be considered in construing the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on _______, 202__. 

SANARA MEDTECH INC. 

By 

Michael
 D. McNeil 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

RECIPIENT 

Name 

5 

</EX-10.1_3>

<EX-10.1_4>
 4
 ex10-1_4.htm

Exhibit
10.1.4 

RESTRICTED
STOCK AGREEMENT 

This
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT (this Agreement is granted on March 2, 2023 (the Date of Grant ),
between SANARA MEDTECH INC., a Texas corporation (the Company and ___________________ (the Recipient ). 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined to grant restricted stock awards to certain Company
employees and consultants under the Company s 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan upon the terms
and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Company and the Recipient agree as follows: 

1.
 Grant of Award . The Company hereby grants to the Recipient under the Plan a Restricted Share Award (as such terms are defined
in the Plan) consisting of [_____] shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ),
of the Company (the Restricted Stock ), on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in
this Agreement. The grant of the Restricted Stock is made in consideration of the services rendered and to be rendered by the Recipient
to the Company. 

The
Recipient may be issued stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock which shall be registered in the name of the Recipient and
shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions of the Restricted Stock, substantially in the following
form: 

The
transferability of this certificate and the common stock represented hereby are subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions (including
conditions of forfeiture) contained in the Restricted Stock Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Sanara MedTech Inc.,
and in the 2014 Omnibus Long Term Incentive Plan of Sanara MedTech Inc. A copy of the Agreement and such Plan are on file in the offices
of Sanara MedTech Inc., 1200 Summit Ave, Suite 414, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. 

The
stock certificates evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock shall be held in custody by the Company or, if specified by the Board, with
a third-party custodian or trustee, until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and, as a condition of this Restricted Share Award,
the Recipient shall deliver a stock power, duly endorsed in blank, relating to the shares of Restricted Stock. 

2.
 Transfer Restrictions . Subject to satisfaction of the vesting provisions set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, the shares
of Restricted Stock are nontransferable and may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered
by the Recipient or become subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell
or otherwise transfer or encumber any shares of Restricted Stock or the rights relating thereto until vested as provided herein shall
be wholly ineffective and, if any such attempt were to be made, all unvested shares of Restricted Stock will be forfeited by the Recipient,
and all of the Recipient s rights to such shares shall immediately terminate without any payment or consideration by the Company. 

3.
 Voting and Dividend Rights . Recipient agrees that during the period in which any Restricted Stock is unvested and subject to the
restrictions provided herein, the Recipient shall not have the right to vote, or to receive cash dividends (except as contemplated in
Section 5 hereof) payable on, such unvested shares of Restricted Stock. Any dividend or distribution payable with respect to Restricted
Stock that shall be paid in shares of Common Stock or other property (excluding cash) or any consideration (including cash) receivable
for conversion of or in exchange for any shares of Restricted Stock, shall be subject to the same restrictions applicable to the unvested
Restricted Stock (with such modifications thereof as the Board may provide in its absolute discretion), and shall be held in custody
by the Company or with a third party custodian or trustee until the vesting of the corresponding Restricted Stock. 

1 

4.
 Vesting . Except as otherwise provided herein, and provided that from the date hereof through the applicable vesting date set forth
below the Recipient remains in continuous employment with (or continues to provide services for) the Company or a subsidiary of the Company,
the restrictions on the Restricted Stock shall lapse and the Restricted Stock shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule below. 

Vesting Dates 
 Shares Vesting 
 
 [First Vesting Date] 
 [ ________ ] 
 
 [Second Vesting Date] 
 [ ________ ] 
 
 [Third Vesting Date] 
 [ ________ ] 

The
foregoing vesting period notwithstanding, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, 100 of the unvested shares of Restricted Stock
shall vest as of the date of the Change in Control. Change in Control shall mean (i) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company to any person or entity that is not a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation
to which the Company is a party if all persons who were shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of the merger
or consolidation become beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of securities
having less than 50 of the total combined voting power for election of directors (or comparable governing body) of the surviving corporation
or other entity following the effective date of such merger or consolidation; or (iii) the approval by shareholders of the Company of
any plan or proposal for the liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries (other than into the Company). 

Upon
termination of the Recipient s employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or the successor of any such company) for
any reason, the Recipient shall on such date immediately forfeit all rights in the shares of Restricted Stock which shall not have become
vested, and the ownership of such shares shall immediately fully vest in the Company, which shall have no further obligations to the
Recipient under this Agreement. 

5.
 Capitalization; Adjustments . In the event of a dividend or other distribution (other than ordinary cash dividends), merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, stock split, reorganization, reclassification, merger, exchange of securities of the Company, or other corporate transaction
affecting the capital structure of the Company, the Board or a committee designated by the Board may in its discretion make adjustments
and take actions as contemplated by Section 3.4 of the Plan. 

6.
 Tax Withholding . The Recipient shall be required to pay to the Company the amount of any required withholding taxes due as a result
of the vesting of any Restricted Stock or upon the Recipient s timely making the election described in Section 7 below. Such payment
must be made prior to the delivery of any certificate representing shares of Common Stock, or the registration of such shares in the
Recipient s name, as follows: (i) the Company, in its sole discretion, may withhold a number of shares to be delivered upon vesting
of such Restricted Stock (or, if applicable, upon the Recipient s timely making the election described in Section 7 below), which
have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals or exceeds the required tax withholding obligations of the Company; (ii) by the delivery
of cash to the Company in an amount that equals or exceeds the required tax withholding obligations of the Company; or (iii) any combination
of (i) or (ii). The Company shall have no obligation to deliver a Common Stock certificate to the Recipient, or to have shares registered
in the Recipient s name, until receipt from the Recipient of the amount of funds in payment of such required withholding taxes,
and if unpaid by Recipient the Company may take all such other action as the Board deems necessary to satisfy such tax withholding payment
obligation. 

2 

7.
 Section 83(b) Election . The Recipient may make an election under Internal Revenue Code Section 83(b) regarding federal income
tax treatment of the Restricted Stock. Any such election must be made within 30 days after the date of grant, and the Recipient must
provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and satisfactory evidence of filing with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The
Recipient agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring that the election is actually and timely filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service and for all tax consequences resulting from the election. 

8.
 No Right to Continued Service or Future Awards . This Agreement shall not confer upon the Recipient any right to continued employment
or to any position with the Company, nor limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Recipient s employment at any time
for any reason. The grant of the Restricted Stock in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any
Restricted Share Awards or other award in the future. Future awards of compensation, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Board. 

9.
 Compliance with Laws . The issuance and transfer of shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the
Recipient with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange
on which the Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable
requirements of federal and state laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the Company s satisfaction. The
Company shall be under no obligation to register the shares of Common Stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state
securities commission or to list the shares on any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

10.
 Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD
TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES. ALL DISPUTES, CONTROVERSIES OR DIFFERENCES WHICH MAY ARISE OUT OF, IN RELATION TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BREACH THEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT AND ADJUDICATED IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS.
RECIPIENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS. 

11.
 Restricted Stock Subject to the Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan, the terms and provisions of which may be amended
from time to time. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the
applicable term or provision of the Plan will prevail. 

12.
 Interpretation . The interpretation of this Agreement and any dispute relating thereto shall be decided by the Board or a committee
designated by the Board and shall be final and binding on the Recipient and the Company. 

13.
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement, which will be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Company s successors and assigns. 

14.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision, and each provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

15.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, electronic
mail in portable document format pdf ), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and
pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; 

 Signature
Page Follows.] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on __________________ 

SANARA
 MEDTECH INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

RECIPIENT: 

4 

</EX-10.1_4>

<EX-10.15>
 5
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit
10.15 

TRANSACTION
ADVISORY SERVICES AGREEMENT 

THIS
TRANSACTION ADVISORY SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of March 1, 2023 (the Effective
Date ), by and between SANARA MEDTECH INC. , a Texas corporation (the Company ), and THE
CATALYST GROUP, INC. , a Texas corporation TCG ). 

WHEREAS ,
Catalyst Rochal, LLC CR is an affiliated entity of TCG, and CR owns shares of common stock in the Company; and 

WHEREAS ,
the Company desires to retain and avail itself of the Services (as defined below) to be provided by TCG, and TCG desires to perform such
Services for the Company on behalf of CR. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties do hereby agree as follows: 

1. Appointment .
The Company hereby retains TCG to provide the Services for the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

2. Services;
Disclaimer of Warranties . 

(a) TCG,
by and through its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that are not simultaneously serving as directors, officers or employees
of the Company (collectively, the Covered Persons ), agrees to perform, or cause to be performed, the services of
transaction advisory, business and organizational strategy, finance, marketing, operational and strategic planning, relationship access
and corporate development for the Company in connection with any merger, acquisition, recapitalization, divestiture, financing, refinancing,
or other similar transaction in which the Company may be, or may consider becoming, involved, and such additional services as mutually
agreed upon in writing by and between TCG and the Company. All services and assistance rendered by the Covered Persons pursuant to this
 Section 2 shall be collectively referred to as the Services . 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the following services are specifically excluded from the definition of Services : 

(i) accounting
services rendered to the Company or TCG by an independent accounting firm or accountant who is not a Covered Person; 

(ii) legal
services rendered to the Company or TCG by an independent law firm or attorney who is not a Covered Person; and 

(iii) actuarial
services rendered to the Company or TCG by an independent actuarial firm or actuary who is not a Covered Person. 

(c) TCG
warrants that the Services will be provided in a professional manner consistent with sound business practices. Except as expressly set
forth herein, the Covered Persons disclaim all warranties, conditions, or representations (express or implied, oral or written) with
respect to any Services rendered by the Covered Persons hereunder or under a separate agreement or understanding (or on such person s
behalf), and with respect to the quality of the performance of the foregoing. Each of the Covered Persons makes no warranty, condition
or representation concerning the likelihood of profitable business and/or of any business results using the Services rendered by it (or
on such Covered Person s behalf). TCG and the Company acknowledge the affiliations and interests of the owners and controlling
persons of TCG with and in the Company. 

1 

3. Fees
and Expenses . Within thirty (30) days of the Company s receipt of an undisputed written request by TCG, the Company shall reimburse
TCG for (i) compensation actually paid by TCG to any of the Covered Persons at a rate no more than a rate consistent with industry practice
for the performance of services similar to the Services, as documented in reasonably sufficient detail, and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses payable to unaffiliated third parties, as documented in customary expense reports, as each of (i) and (ii) is incurred
in connection with the Services rendered hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, TCG shall not be entitled to reimbursement for overhead.
The Parties understand and agree that all payments and reimbursements made pursuant to this Agreement shall be expressly contingent upon
prior approval by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors in accordance with the Company s Related Party
Transactions Policy. 

4. Independent
Contractor . TCG and the Company agree that the Covered Persons shall perform all Services as independent contractors, and that TCG
retains control over and responsibility for its own operations and employees. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute
the parties hereto as joint venturers, partners or participants in an unincorporated business or other separate entity, nor in any manner
create any employer-employee or principal-agent relationship between the Company and TCG or any of its directors, officers or employees,
on the other hand (notwithstanding the fact that the Company and TCG may have in common any officers, equityholders, directors, employees
or other personnel). TCG shall be solely responsible for the compensation of, and tax withholding obligations in respect of, the Covered
Persons. 

5. Directors
and Officers . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the directors or officers of the Company from the performance
of their respective duties or limit the exercise of their powers in accordance with the Company s certificate of formation, bylaws,
other constituent documents, applicable law or otherwise. The activities of the Company shall at all times be subject to the control
and direction of its directors, equityholders and officers, as the case may be. The Company reserves the right to make all decisions
with regard to any matter upon which TCG has rendered its advice and consultation. The Company and TCG expressly acknowledge and agree
that TCG is being engaged by the Company to provide the Services to the Company, for which TCG will be compensated pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement. By virtue of this Agreement, TCG shall not, and shall have no authority to, control the Company or the Company s
day-to-day operations by virtue of this Agreement. The Company s directors, officers and employees shall retain all responsibility
for the Company and its operations as and to the extent required by the Company s certificate of formation, bylaws, other constituent
documents, and applicable law. 

6. Term;
Termination . The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue until the earliest to occur of the following:
(i) the Company s receipt of written notice from TCG of TCG s election to terminate this Agreement, which termination date
shall be at least ninety (90) days from the date of such notice, or (ii) TCG s receipt of written notice from the Company of the
Company s election to terminate this Agreement, which termination date shall be at least ninety (90) days from the date of such
notice. In addition, the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any one or more
of the following events: (v) the consummation of one or more transactions that result in a change of control of the Company, including
through a merger, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company or similar
transaction; (w) the sale, in one or more transactions, of TGC s and its affiliates combined equity position in the Company;
(x) the Company reasonably believes that any Covered Person (as defined below) has engaged in fraud, misappropriation of funds, or embezzlement
related to the Company; (y) any Covered Person is convicted of a felony; or (z) any material failure by TCG to perform its obligations
under this Agreement, which such material failure continues for a period of ten (10) days after the delivery of written notice to TCG
of such failure. 

2 

7. Several
Liability; Indemnification . 

(a) Several
Liability . Each party shall be severally (and not jointly) liable for any and all third-party demands, claims, causes of action,
fines, penalties, damages (including without limitation consequential, incidental, punitive and other special damages), liabilities,
judgments, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with or arising from any
Services (collectively, Damages ). Specifically, (i) TCG shall be solely responsible for any Damages resulting solely
from the actions or omissions of TCG, the Covered Persons, and TCG s agents, contractors and consultants; (ii) the Company shall
be solely responsible for any Damages resulting solely from the actions or omissions of itself and its directors, officers, employees,
agents, contractors and consultants; (iii) each party shall be responsible for its proportionate liability of all Damages caused in part
by such party; and (iv) the parties shall each be responsible for their proportionate liability of all Damages which are not caused by
the actions or omissions of any of the parties. 

(b) Indemnification .
Each party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and such other party s directors, managers, members, shareholders,
officers, employees, consultants, agents, representatives, contractors and subcontractors (collectively, the Indemnitees 
and each, individually, an Indemnitee ), from any and all Damages incurred by an Indemnitee by reason of or in any
way arising out of or related to actions or omissions of the indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement. 

8. Representations
and Warranties . 

(a) The
Company represents and warrants to TCG that: (i) the Company has taken all action necessary to permit it to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to carry out the terms hereof, (ii) this Agreement, when duly executed and delivered by the Company, will constitute a
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms and (iii) the Company is not
required to obtain any order, consent, approval or authorization of, or to make any declaration or filing with, any third party or governmental
authority in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
except for such order, consent, approval, authorization, declaration or filing as which has been obtained or made. 

(b) TCG
represents and warrants to the Company that: (i) TCG has taken all action necessary to permit it to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to carry out the terms hereof, (ii) this Agreement, when duly executed and delivered by TCG, will constitute a valid and binding
obligation of TCG, enforceable against TCG in accordance with its terms and (iii) TCG is not required to obtain any order, consent, approval
or authorization of, or to make any declaration or filing with, any third party or governmental authority in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for such order, consent, approval,
authorization, declaration or filing as which has been obtained or made. 

3 

9. Confidentiality;
Material Non-Public Information . 

(a) Confidentiality .
The Company may provide, and TCG may receive and have access to, new and developing Confidential Information (as defined below) during
the term of this Agreement. TCG shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, disclose directly or indirectly, to any person
or entity, any Confidential Information acquired by TCG during the course of or as an incident to the Services. For purposes hereof,
 Confidential Information is non-public, confidential or proprietary information about the Company s business
affairs, financial condition or performance (including any forecasts), operations, goods and services, intellectual property, legal proceedings,
third party information, and other sensitive information, including the existence and terms of this Agreement, whether orally or in written,
electronic or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated or otherwise identified as confidential. Confidential
Information does not include information that at the time of disclosure and as established by documentary evidence is (i) in the
public domain, (ii) known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure, (iii) rightfully obtained on a non-confidential basis from
a third party, or (iv) independently developed without reference to or use of, in whole or in party, any of the Confidential Information.
If TCG is required by law or requested by a governmental authority to disclose any Confidential Information, TCG shall give the Company
prompt written notice of such request and the documents requested thereby so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order.
If in the absence of a protective order, TCG is nonetheless compelled to disclose Confidential Information, TCG may disclose such information
pursuant to such law or governmental authority, provided that TCG must give the Company prior written notice of the information to be
disclosed (including copies of the relevant portions of the relevant documents) as far in advance of its disclosure as is practicable,
use all reasonable efforts to limit any such disclosure to the precise terms of such requirement and use all reasonable efforts to obtain
an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such information. All Confidential Information shall
be the exclusive property of the Company, and TCG shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to prevent any publication or disclosure
thereof. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement or upon the request of the Company, all documents, records, reports, writings
and other similar documents containing Confidential Information, including written or electronic copies thereof, then in TCG s
possession or control shall be immediately returned to the Company. 

(b) Material
Non-Public Information . TCG hereby acknowledges it is aware that the U.S. securities laws prohibit any person in possession of material
non-public information MNPI from purchasing or selling securities of any issuer or company that is the subject
of such MNPI. TCG understands and agrees that if and to the extent any Confidential Information constitutes or may constitute (or otherwise
may be deemed to be) MNPI, TCG may not purchase or sell or otherwise transact in, or advise, recommend or influence any other party to
purchase or sell or transact in, the securities of any issuer or company (including without limitation the Company) if and for as long
as such Confidential Information is or may be deemed to be MNPI. With respect to any Confidential Information disclosed or made available
to TCG in connection with the Services, TCG shall not trade or transact in any securities of any issuer or company (including without
limitation the Company) on the basis of such Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company. 

4 

10. Notices .
All notices, requests, consents and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
(a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by e-mail (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business
hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third (3 rd day after the date mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent
to the respective parties at the addresses indicated below (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given
in accordance with this Section 10 ). 

If
to the Company: 

1200
Summit Ave, Suite 414 

 Fort
Worth, Texas 76102 

 Attention:
Michael D. McNeil 

 Telephone:
(817) 529-2300 

 E-mail:
mmcneil@sanaramedtech.com 

If
to TCG: 

7500
Rialto Blvd 

 Building
2, Suite 220 

 Austin,
TX 77035 

 Attention:
Brad Gurasich 

 Telephone:
(512) 320-8600 

 E-mail:
bradgurasich@tcgfunds.com 

11. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Survival .
All obligations with respect to indemnification, liability, representations and warranties, confidentiality and MNPI, governing law and
venue, and waiver of jury trial contained herein or made in writing by any party in connection herewith shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) Amendments .
This Agreement may be modified or amended only with the prior written consent of each of the parties hereto. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement (i) contains the complete and entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and (ii) supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, conditions and agreements, oral or written,
express or implied, respecting the engagement of TCG in connection with the subject matter hereof. 

(d) Successors
and Assigns . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf
of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto whether
so expressed or not. 

(e) Governing
Law and Venue . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF TEXAS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD
CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THOSE OF THE STATE OF TEXAS. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF FORT WORTH AND COUNTY OF TARRANT, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING. SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE, OR
OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR
OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF
ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH
SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

5 

(f) Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION; (ii) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (iii)
SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY; AND (iv) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11(f) . 

(g) Severability .
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. 

(h) Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than
one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

(i) Descriptive
Headings; Interpretation . The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive
part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

COMPANY : 

SANARA
 MEDTECH INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael McNeil 

Name: 
 Michael
 D. McNeil 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

TCG : 

THE
 CATALYST GROUP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Brad Gurasich 

Name: 
 Brad
 Gurasich 

Title: 
 Vice
 President and Principal 

7 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Sanara MedTech Inc. 

The
following is a list of subsidiaries of Sanara MedTech Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company ), as of December 31, 2022,
the states in which they are organized and the Company s percentage ownership of the issued and outstanding stock or other equity
interests for each entity. The names of particular subsidiaries may be omitted if the unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate
as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by the annual report on Form
10-K of which this Exhibit 21.1 forms a part. (See the definition of significant subsidiary in Rule 1-02(w) (17 CFR 210.1-02(w))
of Regulation S-X.) 

Name of Subsidiary 
 State of Incorporation 
 Direct or Indirect Ownership Percentage 
 
 Cellerate, LLC 
 Texas 
 100 
 
 Wound Care Innovations, LLC 
 Nevada 
 100 
 
 Sanara Biologics, LLC 
 Texas 
 100 
 
 Rochal Technologies, LLC 
 Texas 
 100 
 
 WounDerm, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 (1) 
 
 United Wound and Skin Solutions, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 Precision Healing, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 (1) 
 
 Scendia Biologics, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

(1)
Ownership of WounDerm, LLC and Precision Healing, LLC is held indirectly through United Wound and Skin Solutions, LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251652) and Form S-8 (File
Nos. 333-236558 and 333-267103) of our report dated March 20, 2023 relating to the
consolidated financial statements of Sanara MedTech Inc. and its subsidiaries, which appear in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. 

Austin,
Texas 

 March
20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 IN
ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Zachary B. Fleming, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanara MedTech Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 20, 2023 

/s/
 Zachary B. Fleming 

Zachary
 B. Fleming, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 IN
ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael D. McNeil, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanara MedTech Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31,2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 20, 2023 

/s/
 Michael D. McNeil 

Michael
 D. McNeil, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 IN
ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanara MedTech Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zachary B. Fleming, in my capacity as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and not in my individual capacity, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

March
20, 2023 

/s/
 Zachary B. Fleming 

Zachary
 B. Fleming, Chief Executive Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and,
accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any
general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 IN
ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sanara MedTech Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. McNeil, in my
capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and not in my individual capacity, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

March
20, 2023 

/s/
 Michael D. McNeil 

Michael
 D. McNeil, Chief Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 smti-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 smti-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 smti-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 smti-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

