<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_824416_0001213900-23-025520.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5945573</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>367768</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1124928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1394468</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1525491</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1374510</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025520.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025520
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		IRS NUMBER:				112873662
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-18099-NY
		FILM NUMBER:		23788301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8887437577

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEST PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHASE OUT OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025520.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_questpatent.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: ,

OR 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission File Number 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

., , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

Note - Checking the box above
will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under
those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

State the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter: as of June 30, 2022. 

As of March 30 ,
2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 44 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 60 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 64 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 

As used in this annual report, the terms we, 
 us, our, and words of like import, and the Company refers to Quest Patent Research Corporation
and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking
statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as expects, plans, will, 
 forecasts, projects, intends, estimates, and other words of similar meaning. One
can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to address
our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs. One must carefully consider any such statement and should
understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate
assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking
statement can be guaranteed, and actual future results may vary materially. 

These risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control,
include, and are not limited to: 

Our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property
rights, including our ability to license our intellectual property rights and our ability to be successful in any litigation which we
may commence in order to seek to monetize our intellectual property rights; 

Our ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing
for operations and for the monetization of our intellectual property rights; 

Our ability to remain current with respect to our obligations
under patent purchase agreements, the failure of which could result in a default under our agreement with QPRC Finance LLC QFL and/or QPRC Finance III LLC QF3 or, even if the failure does not result in a default, it may affect the willingness of
QF3 to make advances to us under the funding agreement; 

Our ability to generate sufficient proceeds from our intellectual
property rights to enable us to realize any cash flow after payments to our funding sources, including QFL and QF3 under our financing
agreements with QFL and QF3, our restructured agreement with Intelligent Partners, LLC Intelligent Partners ), and payments
due to counsel, as well as payment obligations to sellers of intellectual property rights that we acquire; 

Our ability to identify intellectual property for innovative
technologies for which there is a significant potential market which QFL or QF3 is willing to fund and to find other funding sources
if QFL and QF3 are not willing to fund the acquisition of the intellectual property and our ability to negotiate terms for the acquisition
such intellectual property on terms which QFL or QF3 is willing to fund; 

Our ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing
for operations; 

The effect of any adverse decision in any action which one
of our subsidiaries may commence, including the award of legal fees in favor of a defendant, which may result in the bankruptcy of the
subsidiary; 

The effects on our business, financial conditions and ownership
of proprietary rights in the event of any default under our agreements with QFL, QF3 or Intelligent Partners; 

The effect of legislation and court decisions on the ability
to generate revenue from patent and other intellectual property rights as well as the market s perception of the effects of such
legislation or court decisions on our business; 

Our ability to reduce the cost of litigation through contingent
fees with counsel; 

The results or anticipated results of litigation by or against
us, including any actions or motions by defendants seeking legal fees or any other recovery from us in the event that a court decision
is against us or otherwise does not uphold our intellectual property rights; 

The effects on us in the event that any party against which
we commence litigation obtains a judgement against one of our subsidiaries and seeks to foreclose on the intellectual property owned
by the subsidiary which may result in a default under our agreements with QFL and QF3. 

ii 

The anticipated or actual results of our operations; 

Events or conditions relating to the enforcement of intellectual
property rights generally; 

The development of a market for our common stock; 

Our ability to retain our key executive officers and identify,
hire and retain additional key employees; 

Any discrepancy between anticipated or projected results
and actual results of our operations; 

The market s perception or our ability to continue
to make our filings with the SEC in a timely manner and for our stock to continue to be traded on the OTCQB; 

Actions by third parties to either sell or purchase stock
in quantities which would have a significant effect on our stock price; and 

The sale or the market s perception of the possible
sale by QFL or Intelligent Partners of the shares of common stock which we have registered pursuant to the Securities Act; 

Any damages we may be required to pay in the event that we
do not keep the registration statement covering shares to be sold by owned by Intelligent Partners or issuable upon warrants held by
QFL current and effective without their ability to sell pursuant to Rule 144 or our ability to continue to have our stock traded on the
OTCQB; 

The effect of pandemics or other major outbreaks of disease
or civil disruptions or other events which have the effect of reducing court schedules which results in courts giving a lower priority
to legal action such as those we file and the ability or willingness of defendants to reach a settlement on our claims, and impairment
in the financial condition or bankruptcy of defendants and potential defendants in action which we commenced or may commence; 

The effect of Russian invasion of Ukraine or any other international
conflicts and the sanctions which have been imposed and which may be imposed, and the resulting economic conditions may affect our ability
to acquire and monetize intellectual property; and 

Other matters not within our control. 

In addition, factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks
discussed under the caption Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, as well as those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise
or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and
uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Information regarding market and industry statistics
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally
based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. We have not
reviewed or included data from all sources. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to
the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance
of products and services. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result, you should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an intellectual property asset management
company. Our principal operations include the acquisition, licensing and enforcement of intellectual property rights that are either owned
or controlled by us or one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We currently own, control or manage fifteen intellectual property portfolios,
which principally consist of patent rights. As part of our intellectual property asset management activities and in the ordinary course
of our business, it has been necessary for us or the intellectual property owner who we represent to initiate, and it is likely to continue
to be necessary to initiate, patent infringement lawsuits and engage in patent infringement litigation. We anticipate that our primary
source of revenue will come from the grant of licenses to use our intellectual property, including primarily licenses granted as part
of the settlement of patent infringement lawsuits. 

Intellectual property monetization includes the
generation of revenue and proceeds from the licensing of patents, patented technologies and other intellectual property rights. Patent
litigation is often, and for us has been, a necessary element of intellectual property monetization where a patent owner, or a representative
of the patent owner, seeks to protect its patent rights against the unlicensed manufacture, sale, and use of the owner s patent
rights or products which incorporate the owner s patent rights. In general, we seek to monetize the bundle of rights granted by
the patents through structured licensing and when necessary, enforcement of those rights through litigation, although to date all of our
patent license revenues have resulted from litigation. To date all of our revenue from the licensing of our patents has resulted from
litigation commenced by us. 

We intend to develop our business by acquiring
intellectual property rights, either in the form of ownership of or an exclusive license to the underlying intellectual property. Our
goal is to enter into agreements with inventors of innovative technologies for which there may be a significant market for products which
use or incorporate the intellectual property. We seek to purchase all of, or interests in, intellectual property in exchange for cash,
securities of our company, the formation or a joint venture or separate subsidiary in which the owner has an equity interest, and/or interests
in the monetization of those assets. Our revenue from this aspect of our business can be generated through licensing and, when necessary,
which is typically the case, litigation. We engage in due diligence and a principled risk underwriting process to evaluate the merits
and potential value of any acquisition, partnership or joint venture. We seek to structure the terms of our acquisitions in a manner that
will achieve the highest risk-adjusted returns possible, in the context of our financial condition. In connection with the acquisition
of intellectual property portfolios, we have granted the party providing the financing an interest in any recovery we have with respect
to the intellectual property purchased with the financing, and we expect that we will have to continue to grant such interests until and
unless we have generated sufficient cash from licensing our intellectual property to enable us to acquire additional intellectual property
portfolios without outside financing. However, we cannot assure you that we will ever generate sufficient revenues to enable us to purchase
additional intellectual property without third-party financing. 

We employ a due diligence process before completing
the acquisition of an intellectual property interest. We begin with an investment thesis supporting the potential transaction and then
proceed to test the thesis through an examination of the critical drivers of the value of the underlying intellectual property asset.
Such an examination focuses on areas such as title and inventorship issues, the quality of the drafting and prosecution of the intellectual
property assets, legal risks inherent in licensing programs generally, the applicability of the invention to the relevant marketplace
and other issues such as the effects of venue and other procedural issues. If we require financing to acquire intellectual property, we
will have to satisfy our financing sources, which may be QFL or QF3, that we have the ability to monetize the intellectual property. However,
our financial position may affect our ability to conduct adequate due diligence with respect to intellectual property rights or to acquire
valuable intellectual property. This due diligence effort is conducted by our chief executive officer, who is our only full-time employee. 

1 

It has been necessary to commence litigation in
order to obtain a recovery for past infringement of, or to license the use of, our intellectual property rights. Intellectual property
litigation is very expensive, with no certainty of any recovery. To the extent possible we seek to engage counsel on a contingent fee
or partial contingent fee basis, which significantly reduces our litigation cost, but which also reduces the value of the recovery to
us. We do not have the resources to enable us to fund the cost of litigation. To the extent that we cannot secure counsel on a contingent
basis and cannot fund litigation ourselves, which, considering our financial position, is likely to be the case, we may enter into an
agreement with a third-party, which may be an independent third-party, such as QFL or QF3, to finance the cost of litigation. In view
of our limited cash and our working capital deficiency, we are not able to institute any monetization program that may require litigation
unless we engage counsel on a fully contingent basis, or we obtain funding from third-party funding sources. In these cases, counsel may
be afforded a greater participation in the recovery and the third-party that funds the litigation would be entitled to participate in
any recovery. 

Reverse Split, Change in Authorized Common
Stock 

On July 27, 2022, we amended our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to (i) decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock from 10,000,000,000 shares to 30,000,000
shares and (ii) effect a one-for-100 reverse split whereby each share of common stock became and was converted into 0.01 share of such
common stock, with fractional shares being rounded up to the next higher whole number of shares. All share and per share information in
this Form 10-K has been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse split and change in authorized common stock. 

Recent Development 

Agreements with QPRC Finance III LLC QF3 

On March 12, 2023, we and our newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary, Harbor Island Dynamic LLC Harbor ), entered into a series of agreements, all dated March 12, 2023, with QF3,
a non-affiliated party, including a prepaid forward purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), a security agreement (the
 Security Agreement ), a patent security agreement (the Patent Security Agreement together with the Security
Agreement, the Patent Security Agreement, and the Purchase Agreement, the Investment Documents ). The descriptions below
and elsewhere in this Form 10-K relating to our agreements with QF3 are summaries only and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to those agreements which are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K. 

(i) Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QF3 agreed to make available
to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 4,000,000 for operating expenses; (b) 3,300,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the purchase
of a patent portfolio from Tower Semiconductor Ltd.; and (c) up to an additional 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent
rights that we intend to monetize. In return we transferred to QF3 a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization
of those patents. The terms of the Purchase Agreement are described under QF3 Purchase Agreement. 

(ii) On March 17, 2023, we used 3,300,000 of proceeds from the
QF3 financing as the cash payment portion of the purchase of a ten-patent portfolio (the HID Portfolio from Tower Semiconductor
Ltd. Tower ). 

(iii) Pursuant to the Security Agreement, our obligations under
the Purchase Agreement with QF3 are secured by: (a) the value of anything received from the monetization of the intellectual property
rights covered by the Security Agreement; (b) the patents (as defined in the Security Agreement); (c) all general intangibles now or
hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing (a) and (b); and (d) proceeds (including, without limitation, cash proceeds and insurance
proceeds) and products of the foregoing (a)-(c). 

(iv) Pursuant to the Patent Security Agreement, we and Harbor
granted QF3 a first priority continuing security interest in and lien upon Collateral covered by the Security Agreement. The Patent Security
Agreement is the instrument that is filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and other government agencies to perfect
QF3 s security interest in the Collateral. 

2 

QF3 Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QF3 agreed
to make available to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 4,000,000 for operating expenses; (b) 3,300,000 to fund the cash payment
portion of the purchase of a patent portfolio from Tower and (c) up to an additional 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed
patent rights that we would intend to monetize. In return we transferred to QF3 the right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated
from the monetization of those patents. After QF3 has a negotiated rate of return, we and QF3 shall share net proceeds equally until QF3
shall have achieved its Investment Return (as defined therein). Thereafter, we shall retain 100 of all net proceeds. Except in an Event
of Default, as defined therein, all payments by us to QF3 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement are non-recourse and shall be paid only if
and after net proceeds from monetization of the patent rights owned or acquire by us are received or are to be received. 

Events of Default include any breach of the Investment
Documents, including non-payment, material misrepresentation, security interest compromise, criminal indictment or felony conviction of
one or our officers or directors, our current chief executive no longer serving as our chief executive or as a director, the occurrence
of any Event of Default under the Restructure Agreement with Intelligent Partners, as defined therein, and our insolvency. In addition
to all rights and remedies available under law and the Investment Documents, upon and Event of Default, QF3 may: (i) declare the Investment
Return immediately due and payable, (ii) except in the event of our insolvency, declare an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the
capital provided pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, plus a late charge, immediately due and payable, or (iii) cease making capital available
to us. 

Under the agreement, QF3 may terminate capital
advances other than in an Event of Default by giving written notice to us in which case QF3 s interest in Net Proceeds shall be
an amount equal to the greater of (i) the capital advanced to us plus interest at the prime rate, on the one hand, and (ii) Net Proceeds
received by QF3 prior to the date of such termination. 

Grant of Security Interests 

Pursuant to the Security Agreement and Patent
Security Agreement, payment of our obligations under the Purchase Agreement with QF3 are secured by (a) the value of anything received
from the monetization of the intellectual property rights covered by the Security Agreement; (b) the patents (as defined in the Security
Agreement); (c) all general intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing (a) and (b); and (d) proceeds (including,
without limitation, cash proceeds and insurance proceeds) and products of the foregoing (a)-(c). 

Intercreditor Agreement 

In connection with the agreements with QF3, we,
Harbor, Quest Licensing Corporation QLC ), Quest NetTech Corporation NetTech ), Mariner IC Inc. Mariner ),
Semcon IP Inc. Semcon ), IC Kinetics Inc. IC ), CXT Systems Inc. CXT ), M-Red Inc. MRED ),
and Audio Messaging Inc. AMI ), collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into an intercreditor agreement
with QF3 and Intelligent Partners which provides for the priority of QF3 in the collateral under the Investment Documents. 

Agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners 

Set forth below is a discussion of agreements
which we entered into in February 2021with QFL to provide us with a financing facility, funds to make a payment due to Intelligent Partners
and for working capital and an agreement with Intelligent Partners to restructure our loan agreement and related agreements. The agreement
with Intelligent Partners restated our agreements with United Wireless Holdings, Inc. United Wireless which had been assigned
to Intelligent Partners, an affiliate of United Wireless. QF3 and QFK are related to each other. The descriptions below and elsewhere
in this Form 10-K relating to our agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners are summaries only and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to those agreements which were filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K. 

3 

Agreements with QFL 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into a series
of agreements which we entered into in February 2021 with QFL, including a prepaid forward purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ),
a security agreement (the Security Agreement ), a subsidiary security agreement (the Subsidiary Security Agreement ),
a subsidiary guaranty (the Subsidiary Guarantee ), a warrant issue agreement (the Warrant Issue Agreement ),
a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement and a board observation rights agreement (the Board
Observation Rights Agreement together with the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Subsidiary Security Agreement,
Warrant Issuance Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, the Investment Documents pursuant
to which, at the closing held contemporaneously with the execution of the agreements: 

(i) Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QFL agreed to make available
to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that we intend to monetize;
(b) up to 2,000,000 for operating expenses; and (iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations
to Intelligent Partners. In return we transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization
of those patents. During 2021 we requested and received 1,000,000 for working capital. The terms of the Purchase Agreement are described
under Purchase Agreement. 

(ii) We used 1,750,000 of proceeds from the QFL financing as
the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners as transferee of United Wireless pursuant to a
restructure agreement (the Restructure Agreement between us and Intelligent Partners executed contemporaneously with the
closing of the Investment Documents with QFL. The payment was made directly from QFL to Intelligent Partners. The terms of the Restructure
Agreement are described under Restructure Agreement. 

(iii) Pursuant to the Security Agreement, our obligations under
the Purchase Agreement with QFL are secured by: (a) the proceeds (as defined in the Purchase Agreement); (b) the patents (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement; (c) all general intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing (a) and (b); and (d)
proceeds (including, without limitation, cash proceeds and insurance proceeds) and products of the foregoing (a)-(c). 

(iv) Pursuant to the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Subsidiary Guarantors guaranteed
our obligations to QFL under the Purchase Agreement. 

(v) Pursuant to the Subsidiary Security Agreement, the Subsidiary
Guarantors grant QFL a security interest in the proceeds from the future monetization of their respective patent portfolios. 

(vi) Pursuant to the Warrant Issue Agreement, we granted QFL ten-year
warrants to purchase a total of up to 962,463 shares of our common stock, with an exercise price of 0.54 per share which may be exercised
from February 19, 2021 through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis. Exercisability of the Warrant is limited if, upon exercise,
the holder would beneficially own more than 4.99 (the Maximum Percentage of our common stock, except that by written
notice to us, the holder may change the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 provided any such change will
not be effective until the 61 st day following notice to us. The Warrant also contains certain minimum ownership percentage
antidilution rights pursuant to which the aggregate number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the initial exercise of the Warrant
shall not be less than 10 of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted
basis). A portion of any gain from sale of the shares, net of taxes and costs of exercise, realized prior to the completion of all monetization
activities shall be credited against the total return due to QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

4 

(vii) We agreed to take all commercially reasonable steps necessary
to regain compliance with the OTCQB eligibility standards as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 12 months from the closing
date. We regained such compliance on May 7, 2021, at which time the common stock recommenced trading on the OTCQB. 

(viii) We granted QFL certain registration rights with respect to
the 962,463 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant. 

(ix) Commencing six months from the closing date, if the shares
owned by QFL cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the Company being in
compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not in compliance with the current public
information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to QFL. 

(x) Pursuant to the Board Observation Rights Agreement, until
the later of the date on which QFL or its affiliates (i) have received the entirety of their Investment Return (as defined in Purchase
Agreement), and (ii) no longer hold any Securities (the Observation Period ), we granted QFL the right, exercisable at any
time during the Observation Period, to appoint a representative to attend meetings (including, without limitation, telephonic or other
electronic meetings) of the Board or any committee thereof, including executive sessions, in an observer capacity. 

Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QFL agreed
to make available to us a financing facility of: (i) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that we intend
to monetize; (ii) up to 2,000,000 for operating expenses from which we may, at our discretion, draw up to 200,000 per calendar quarter;
and (iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return we transferred
to QFL the right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. After QFL has a negotiated rate
of return, we and QFL shall share net proceeds equally until QFL shall have achieved its Investment Return (as defined therein). Thereafter,
we shall retain 100 of all net proceeds. Except in an Event of Default, as defined therein, all payments by the Company to QFL pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement are non-recourse and shall be paid only if and after net proceeds from monetization of the patent rights owned
or acquire by the Company are received, or to be received. 

Events of Default include any breach of the Investment
Documents, including non-payment, material misrepresentation, security interest compromise, criminal indictment or felony conviction of
one or our officers or directors, our current chief executive no longer serving as our chief executive or as a director, the occurrence
of any Event of Default under the Restructure Agreement with Intelligent Partners, as defined therein, and our insolvency. In addition
to all rights and remedies available under law and the Investment Documents, upon and Event of Default, QFL may: (i) declare the Investment
Return immediately due and payable, (ii) except in the event of our insolvency, declare an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the
capital provided pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, plus a late charge, immediately due and payable, or (iii) cease making capital available
to us. 

Under the agreement, QFL may terminate capital
advances other than in an Event of Default by giving written notice to us in which case QFL s interest in Net Proceeds shall be
an amount equal to the greater of (i) the capital advanced to the Company plus interest at the prime rate, on the one hand, and (ii) Net
Proceeds received by the QFL prior to the date of such termination. 

5 

Grant of Security Interests 

Pursuant to the Security Agreement and Subsidiary
Security Agreement, payment of the obligations of the Company under the Purchase Agreement with QFL are secured by (i) the Proceeds (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement); (ii) the Patents; (iii) all General Intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing;
(iv) Proceeds (including, without limitation, Cash Proceeds and insurance proceeds) and products of the foregoing and (v) the proceeds
realized by the relative patent portfolios of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The security interest in proceeds from the CXT and M-RED patents
granted to QFL is junior to the security interest held by the affiliates of Intellectual Ventures Management, LLC (collectively Intellectual
Ventures granted to secure the obligations of CXT and MRED pursuant to their patent purchase agreements relating to the purchase
of intellectual property from Intellectual Ventures. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
we filed a registration statement with the SEC covering 500,000 of the 962,463 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.
We are also required to file additional Registration Statements (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) on the date 60 days
after the date that we receive written notice from any Investor (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) that 60 of the Registrable
Securities held by all Investors registered under the immediately preceding registration statement have been sold. The Registration Rights
Agreement provides for us to pay damages in the event that we do not meet the required deadlines. 

Intercreditor Agreement 

In connection with the agreements with QFL and
the agreements with Intelligent Partners described below, we and our Subsidiaries entered into an intercreditor agreement with QFL and
Intelligent Partners which sets forth the priority of QFL in the collateral under the Investment Documents. 

Agreements with Intelligent Partners 

Securities Purchase Agreement and Related Agreements
with United Wireless 

We, together with certain of our subsidiaries,
and United Wireless, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 22, 2015 (the SPA and related Transaction
Documents, as defined therein, pursuant to which the Company sold 500,000 shares (the Shares of our common stock, par value
 0.00003 per share (the Common Stock at 5.00 per share, or an aggregate of 250,000; we issued our 10 secured convertible
promissory notes due September 30, 2020 to United, and granted United an option (the 2015 Purchase Option to purchase up
to an additional 500,000 shares of Common Stock in three tranches at the prices as set forth therein. The 2015 Purchase Option expired
unexercised on September 30, 2020. The Shares are currently owned by Andrew C. Fitton Fitton and Michael Carper Carper and United Wireless subsequently transferred its note and assigned all of its remaining rights under the agreements to Intelligent Partners,
which is an affiliate of United Wireless and is owned by Fitton and Carper. Our agreements with United Wireless, also included various
monetization proceeds agreements, which we refer to as MPAs, pursuant to which we granted to Intelligent Partners, as the assignee of
United Wireless, rights to the monetization proceeds from revenue generated from certain of our intellectual property, a security agreement
and a registration rights agreement. 

6 

At September 30, 2020, promissory notes in the
aggregate principal amount of 4,672,810 were outstanding. The notes became due by their terms on September 30, 2020, and we did not make
any payment on account of principal of and interest on the notes. As a result, Intelligent Partners had the right to declare a default
under the Notes, and, if Intelligent Partners had taken such action, it would have been necessary for us to seek protection under the
Bankruptcy Act. Subsequent to September 30, 2020, we engaged in negotiations with Intelligent Partners in parallel with our negotiations
with QFL, with a view to restructuring our obligations under the United Wireless agreements, including the Notes, so that we no longer
had any obligations under the Notes or the SPA. These negotiations resulted in the Restructure Agreement, described below, which provided
for the payment to Intelligent Partners of 1,750,000 from the proceeds from our agreements with QFL. We also made interest payments totaling
 117,780 between September 30, 2020 and February 22, 2021, the date we signed the Restructure Agreement with Intelligent Partners. One
of QFL s requirements to provide us with a funding facility was the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners so that
we no longer had any debt obligations to Intelligent Partners. Neither QFL nor any other financing source, would provide us with funding
while Intelligent Partners had a right to call a default under our notes to Intelligent Partners. As part of the restructure of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners, we amended the existing MPAs and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from
any new intellectual property we acquire, as describe below. Under these MPAs, Intelligent Partners participates in the monetization proceeds
we receive with respect to new patents after QFL has received its negotiated rate of return. 

On or prior to the date of the Restructure Agreement,
Intelligent Partners transferred to Fitton and Carper 250,000 of the Notes (the Transferred Note ), thereby reducing the
principal amount of the Notes held by Intelligent Partners to 4,422,810. 

On February 22, 2021, we and Intelligent Partners
agreed to extinguish the Note and Transferred Note, and terminate or amend and restate the SPA and Transaction Documents, pursuant to
a series of agreements including: a Restructure Agreement (the Restructure Agreement ), a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock
Purchase Agreement ), an Option Grant (the Option Grant ), an Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement (the Pledge
Agreement ), an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), a Board Observation
Agreement (the Board Observation Agreement ), a MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement (the MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement ),
an Amended and Restated Patent Proceeds Security Agreement (the Patent Proceeds Security Agreement , an Amended and Restated
MPA-CP (the MPA-CP ), an Amended and Restated MPA-CXT (the MPA-CXT ), a MPA-MR (the MPA-MR ), a
MPA-AMI (the MPA-AMI, and together with the MPA-CP, MPA-CXT and MPA-MR, each a Restructure MPA and together the Restructure
MPAs) and a MPA-NA (the MPA-NA ). 

(i) Pursuant to the Restructure Agreement, we paid Intelligent
Partners 1,750,000 at closing, which we received from QFL and which QFL paid directly to Intelligent Partners, and recognized a further
non-interest bearing total monetization proceeds obligation (the TMPO of 2,805,000, which shall, from and after the Restructure
Date, be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis by (a) payments to Intelligent Partners pursuant to the restructure agreement, the Restructure
MPAs and the MPA-NA and (b) any election by the Intelligent Partners to pay the Exercise Price of the Restructure Option, in whole or
part, by means of a reduction in the then outstanding TMPO. Further details regarding the TMPO are provided under TMPO 

(ii) Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, we issued to Fitton
and Carper, as holders of the Transferred Note, a total of 462,963 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.54 per share, which
purchase price was paid by the conversion and in full satisfaction of the Transferred Note (the Conversion Shares ). 

(iii) Pursuant to the Option Grant, we granted Intelligent Partners
an option to purchase a total of 500,000 shares of common stock, with an exercise price of 0.54 per share which vests immediately and
may be exercised through February 9, 2026. 

(iv) Pursuant to the restructured monetization proceeds agreement,
Intelligent Partners has a right to receive 60 of the net monetization proceeds from the patents currently owned by the Subsidiary Guarantors.
The agreement has no termination provisions, so Intelligent Partners will be entitled to its percentage interest as long as revenue is
generated from the intellectual property covered by the agreement. 

7 

(v) Pursuant to the Subsidiary Security Agreement, our obligations
under our agreements with Intelligent Partners, including its obligations under the Restructure Agreement and the Restructure MPAs are
secured by a security interest in the net proceeds realized from the future monetization of the patents currently owned by the eight
subsidiaries named above. 

(vi) Pursuant to the MPA-NA-Security Interest Agreement, our obligations
under the MPA-NA are secured by a security interest in net proceeds realized from the future monetization of new patents acquired until
the TMPO is satisfied, provided Intelligent Partners secured interest shall be limited to its entitlement in Net Proceeds under
the MPA-NA. After satisfaction of the TMPO the security interest in proceeds from new assets shall terminate. 

(vii) We granted Intelligent Partners, Andrew Fitton and Michael
Carper certain registration rights with respect to (i) the 500,000 Shares currently owned by Fitton and Carper, which shares are included
in the registration statement that we filed; (ii) the 462,963 Conversion Shares being issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the 500,000
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Restructure Option; 

(viii) Commencing six months from the closing date, if the shares
owned by Intelligent Partners cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the
Company being in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not in compliance with the
current public information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to Intelligent Partners. 

(ix) Pursuant to the Board Observation Rights Agreement, until
the TMPO has been satisfied (the Observation Period ), we granted Intelligent Partners the option and right, exercisable
at any time during the Observation Period, to appoint a representative to attend meetings of the Board or any committee thereof, including
executive sessions, in an observer capacity. 

Events of Default include (i) a Change of Control
of the Company (ii) any uncured default on payment due to Intelligent Partners in an amount totaling in excess of 275,000, which is not
the subject of a Dispute or other formal dispute resolution proceeding initiated in good faith pursuant to this Agreement or other Restructure
Documents (iii) the filing of a voluntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code by Company or any of its material
subsidiaries, (iv) the filing of an involuntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code against the Company, which
is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of such filing, except for an involuntary petition for relief filed solely by Intelligent
Partners, or any Affiliate or member of Intelligent Partners, or (v) acceleration of an obligation in excess of 1 million dollars to
another provider of financing following a final determination by arbitration or other judicial proceeding that such obligation is due
and owing. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, we
granted Intelligent Partners, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper certain registration rights with respect to (i) the 500,000 Shares currently
owned by Fitton and Carper; (ii) the 462,963 Conversion Shares issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the 500,000 shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Restructure Option. We filed the registration statement with the SEC covering the 500,000 Shares owned by
Fitton and Carper, and the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

8 

Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business 

Although we do not manufacture or sell products,
the COVID-19 pandemic and the work shutdown imposed in the United States and other countries to limit the spread of the virus had a negative
impact on our business. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated from litigation seeking damages for infringement
of our intellectual property rights. The work shutdown affected the court system, and during much of 2020 and part of 2021 courts operated
on a reduced schedule, and some courts may still have a backlog as a result of the pandemic. As a result, deadlines are likely to be postponed
which may give defendants an incentive to delay negotiations or offer a lower amount than they might otherwise accept. In addition, the
effect of the COVID-19 and the public response may have adversely affected the financial condition and prospects of defendants and potential
defendants, which made it less likely that they would be willing to settle our claim. 

Purchase of Intellectual Property from Intellectual
Ventures Entities 

On October 22, 2015, pursuant to an agreement
with an effective date of July 8, 2015, as amended, between us and Intellectual Ventures Assets 16, LLC IV16 ), we purchased
three groups of patents from IV16 for a purchase price of 3,000,000, which was paid in three annual installments of 1,000,000 from the
proceeds of our loans from United Wireless. The patent portfolios which we acquired from IV16 are the anchor structure portfolio, the
power management/bus control portfolio and the diode on chip portfolio, which are described under Business Our Intellectual
Property Portfolios. 

On January 26, 2018, Photonic Imaging Solutions
Inc. PIS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 64 LLC IV 64 pursuant to which PIS advanced 10,000 to IV 64 at closing and IV 64 assigned to PIS all right, title, and interest in a portfolio of
eleven United States patents and sixteen foreign patents (the CMOS Portfolio ). Under the agreement, PIS will distribute
70 of the first 1,500,000 of revenue, as defined in the agreement, 30 of the next 1,500,000 of revenue and 50 of revenue over 3,000,000
to IV 64; with the 10,000 advance being treated as an advance against the first distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 64. PIS 
obligations under the monetization proceeds agreement are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise)
from the portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 64 is the CMOS portfolio which is described under Business 
Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. 

On July 28, 2017, CXT, a wholly-owned subsidiary,
entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 34 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 37 LLC IV 34/37 pursuant
to which CTX paid IV 34/37 25,000 and IV34/37 transferred to CXT all right, title and interest in a portfolio of thirteen United States
patents (the CXT Portfolio ). Under the agreement, CXT will distribute 50 of net proceeds, as defined, to IV 34/37, as long
as we generate revenue from the CXT Portfolio. The 25,000 payment to IV 34/37 was made from a loan from United Wireless and was paid
by United Wireless directly to IV 34/37. The agreement with IV 34/37, as amended on January 26, 2018, provides that if, on December 31,
2018, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 total less than 100,000, 375,000 and 975,000, respectively,
CXT shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 34/37 within ten days after the applicable date.
The 25,000 advance is treated as an advance against distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 34/37. The useful lives of the patents,
at the date of acquisition, was 5-6 years. Neither we nor any affiliate of CXT has guaranteed the minimum payments. On December 31, 2021
the parties amended the agreement to provide that CXT will distribute 65 of net proceeds, as defined, to IV 34/37, as long as we generate
revenue from the CXT Portfolio and that if, on December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 total less
than 100,000 and 375,000, respectively, CXT shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 34/37
within ten days after the applicable date. As of December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 totaled 375,000. CXT s
obligations under the agreement with IV 34/37 are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise) from the
CXT Portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 34/37 is the CXT portfolio which is described under Business 
Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. 

9 

On January 26, 2018, CXT entered into an agreement
with Intellectual Ventures Assets 62 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 71 LLC (IV 62/71 pursuant to which CXT advanced
IV 62/71 10,000 at closing and IV 62/71 assigned to CXT all right, title, and interest in a portfolio of sixteen United States patents
and three pending applications. Under the agreement, as amended on December 31, 2021, CXT will distribute 65 of net proceeds, as defined,
to IV 62/71, as long as we generate net proceeds from this portfolio. The initial 10,000 advance is treated as an advance toward our
future distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 62/71. CXT s obligations under the agreement are secured by a security interest
in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise) from the CXT Portfolio. In March 2021, we made a payment to IV 62/71 in the amount of 64,238.
We agreed to modify the monetization proceeds agreement between CXT and United Wireless to include the patents acquired from IV 62/71.
The monetization proceeds amendment was further amended by the MPA-CXT Agreement in connection with the restructure of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners. 

On March 15, 2019, M-RED Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 113 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 108 LLC IV 113/108 pursuant to which M-RED paid IV 113/108 75,000 and IV 113/108 transferred to M-RED all right, title and interest in a portfolio of sixty
United States patents and eight foreign patents (the M-RED Portfolio ). Under the agreement, M-RED will distribute 50 of
net proceeds, as defined, to IV 113/108, as long as we generate revenue from the M-RED Portfolio. The agreement with IV 113/108 provides
that if, on September 30, 2020, September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2022, cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 total less than 450,000,
 975,000 and 1,575,000, respectively, M-RED shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 113/108
within ten days after the applicable date. The 75,000 advance is treated as an advance against the first distributions of net proceeds
payable to IV 113/108. On September 30, 2020 cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 totaled less than 450,000 and M-RED did not pay the
difference to IV 113/108 within ten days. On December 31, 2021 the parties amended the agreement to provide that M-RED will distribute
100 of undistributed net proceeds, as defined, resulting from agreements signed prior to December 31, 2021 and 65 of net proceeds thereafter
to IV 113/108, as long as we generate revenue from the M-RED Portfolio and that if, on December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV
113/108 total less than 302,114, M-RED shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 113/108 within
ten days after the applicable date. As of December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 totaled 302,114. The useful lives
of the patents, at the date of acquisition, was approximately nine years. Neither we nor any affiliate of M-RED has guaranteed the minimum
payments. M-RED s obligations under the agreement with IV 113/108 are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from litigation
or otherwise) from the M-RED Portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 113/108 is the M-RED portfolio which is described
under Business Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. Pursuant to the MPA-MR, Intelligent Partners is entitled to
receive 60 of the net proceeds as defined in the agreement. 

On January 27, 2022, we acquired, via assignment
from Intellectual Ventures Assets 181 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 174 LLC, all right title and interest to four patent portfolios
consisting of fifteen United States patents and three foreign patents for a purchase price of 1,060,000. The Company requested and received
a capital advance in the amount of the 1,060,000 purchase price from the facility with QFL. The patents were assigned to our wholly owned
subsidiaries Tyche Licensing LLC Tyche and Deepwell IP LLC DIP ). 

A default under the agreements with the Intellectual
Ventures affiliates could result in a default under our agreements with QFL and QF3, and, even if QFL or QF3 does not declare a default,
QFL or QF3 may be reluctant to finance our intellectual property acquisition if we are in default under any of our patent acquisition
agreements with Intellectual Venture affiliates. Further, it may be necessary for any defaulting subsidiary to seek protection under the
Bankruptcy Act if we are not able to enter into modification agreements with the Intellectual Ventures affiliates. 

Our Organization 

We were incorporated in Delaware on July 17, 1987
under the name Phase Out of America. On September 21, 1997, we changed our name to Quest Products Corporation, and, on June 6, 2007, we
changed our name to Quest Patent Research Corporation. We have been engaged in the intellectual property monetization business since 2008.
Our executive principal office is located at 411 Theodore Fremd Ave., Suite 206S, Rye, New York 10580-1411, telephone (888) 743-7577.
Our website is www.qprc.com. Information contained on or derived from our website, or any other website does not constitute a part of
this annual report. 

10 

Our Intellectual Property Portfolios 

Mobile Data 

The real-time mobile data portfolio relates to
the automatic update of information delivered to a mobile device without the need for a manual refreshing. The portfolio is comprised
of U.S. Patent No. 7,194,468 Apparatus and Method for Supplying Information and all related patents, patent applications,
and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, extensions, renewals, reissues and re-examinations relating to all inventions
thereof (the Mobile Data Portfolio ). 

Through December 31, 2022, we had not generated
any revenue from the Mobile Data Portfolio and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the Mobile Data Portfolio. 

Flexible Packaging Turtle PakTM 

In March 2008, we entered into an agreement with
Emerging Technologies Trust whereby our majority-owned subsidiary, Quest Packaging Solutions Corporation, acquired the exclusive license
to make, use, sell, offer for sale or sublicense the intellectual property of Emerging Technologies Trust (the Turtle Pak 
Portfolio ). The Turtle Pak portfolio relates to a cost effective, high-protection packaging system recommended for fragile items
weighing less than ten pounds. The intellectual property consists of two U.S. patents, U.S. Patent No. RE36,412 and U.S. Patent No. 6,490,844,
and the Turtle Pak trademark. Turtle Pak brand packaging is suited for such uses as electrical and electronic components, medical,
dental, and diagnostic equipment, instrumentation products, and control components. Turtle Pak brand packaging materials are 100 
curbside recyclable. 

As the exclusive licensee and manager of the manufacture
and sale of licensed product, we coordinate the manufacture and sale of licensed products to end users; we contract for the manufacture
and assembly of the product components, and we coordinate order receipt, fulfillment and invoicing. We did not generate revenues from
the TurtlePak product for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Universal Financial Data System 

The invention describes a universal financial
data system which allows its holder to use the device to access one or more accounts stored in the memory of the device as a cash payment
substitute as well as to keep track of financial and transaction records and data, such as transaction receipts, in a highly portable
package, such as a cellular device (the Financial Data Portfolio ). The inventive universal data system is capable of supporting
multiple accounts of various types, including but not limited to credit card accounts, checking/debit accounts, and loyalty accounts.
Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Wynn Technologies Inc., acquired US Patent No. 5,859,419, from the owner, Sol Wynn. In January 2001, we filed
a reissue application for the patent, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued patent RE38,137. This reissued patent,
which contains 35 separate claims, replaces the original patent, which had seven claims. In February 2011, we entered into a new agreement
with Sol Li (formerly Sol Wynn), pursuant to which we issued to Mr. Li a 35 interest in Wynn Technologies and warrants to purchase up
to 50,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.1 per share. These warrants expired unexercised. We also agreed that Mr.
Li would receive 40 of the net licensing revenues generated by Wynn Technologies with respect to this patent, which is the only patent
owned by Wynn Technologies. On December 17, 2018, Wynn Technologies, Inc. granted an exclusive license to the Financial Data Portfolio,
including the right to enforce, to our wholly owned subsidiary, Quest NetTech. Under the agreement, Quest NetTech receives 100 of the
net proceeds, as defined by the agreement. On April 11, 2019 Quest NetTech Corporation merged with Wynn Technologies, Inc. with Quest
NetTech Corporation being the surviving entity with Mr. Li having a 35 interest. On April 12, 2019, Quest NetTech brought a patent infringement
suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Apple, Inc. The case was dismissed in May 2020. 

We did not generate revenue from the Financial
Data Portfolio in 2022 and 2021, and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the Financial Data Portfolio. 

11 

Rich Media 

The rich media portfolio is directed to methods,
systems, and processes that permit typical Internet users to design rich-media production content (i.e., rich-media applications), such
as websites. The portfolio consists of U.S. Patent No. 7,000,180, Methods, Systems, and Processes for the Design and Creation of
Rich Media Applications via the Internet and all related patents, patent applications, corresponding foreign patents and foreign
patent applications and foreign counterparts, and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, extensions, renewals, reissues
and re-examinations relating to all inventions thereof (the Rich Media Portfolio ). In July 2008, we entered into a consulting
and licensing program management agreement with Balthaser Online, Inc., the patent owner, pursuant to which we performed services related
to the establishment and management of a licensing program to evaluate and analyze the relevant market and to obtain licenses for the
Rich Media Portfolio in exchange for management fees as well as an irrevocable entitlement to a distribution of 15 of all proceeds generated
by the Rich Media Portfolio for the remaining life of the portfolio regardless of whether those proceeds are derived from litigation,
settlement, licensing or otherwise. Our 15 distribution right is subject to reduction to 7.5 in the event that we refuse or are unable
to perform the services detailed in the agreement. 

Through December 31, 2022, we had not generated
any revenue from the rich media patents. 

Anchor Structure Portfolio 

This portfolio, which we acquired from IV16 in
October 2015 and transferred to our subsidiary, Mariner IC Inc., consists of two United States patents which relate to technology for
incorporating metal structures in the corners and edges of semiconductor dies to prevent cracking from stresses. 

In March 2016, we entered into a funding agreement
whereby a third-party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to implement a structured licensing program, including litigation, if
necessary, for the Anchor Structure Portfolio and engaged counsel on a partial contingency basis in connection with a proposed patent
infringement action relating to the Anchor Structure Portfolio. Under the funding agreement, the third-party received an interest in the
proceeds from the settlements relating to this portfolio in 2019. The funding agreement was terminated in 2021. 

We did not generate license fees from the Anchor
Structure Portfolio in 2022 or 2021, and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the Anchor Structure Portfolio. 

Power Management/Bus Control Portfolio 

This portfolio, which is the second portfolio
which we acquired from IV16 and transferred to a newly-formed subsidiary, Semcon IP Inc., consists of four United States patents that
cover fundamental technology for adjusting the processor clock and voltage to save power based on the operating characteristics of the
processor and one United States patent that relates to coordinating direct bus communications between subsystems in an assigned channel. 

We did not generate revenue from the Power Management/Bus
Control Portfolio in 2022 or 2021, and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to its monetization. 

Diode on Chip Portfolio 

This portfolio, which is the third portfolio which
we acquired from IV16 and transferred to a newly-formed subsidiary, IC Kinetics Inc., consists of three United States patents and one
pending continuation application which cover technology relating to on-chip temperature measurement for semiconductors. As of December
31, 2022, we had not generated any revenue from the Diode on Chip portfolio. 

12 

CXT Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of thirty United States
patents which cover technology relating to systems and methods of operating an accessible information database which provides for inventory
evaluation, filtering according to preferences, alternative product recommendations, and access to a database of consumer feedback/evaluation. 

In April 2018 CXT brought a patent infringement
suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Academy Ltd., In May 2018 CXT brought patent infringement
suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Conn s, Inc., Fossil Group, Inc., JC Penney
Company, Inc., and Tailored Brands, Inc. In May 2019, CXT brought patent infringement actions in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Texas against Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc., Hallmark.com, LLC, Retail Concepts, Inc. and CC Filson Co. In August
2019, CXT brought patent infringement suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Neiman Marcus
Group Ltd., General Nutrition Corporation and Steve Madden, Ltd. 

In March 2021 CXT brought patent infringement
suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Advanced Auto Parts, Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation,
The Sherwin-Williams Company, V.F. Corporation and IKEA North America Services, LLC. In July 2021, HCL Technologies Limited HCL ),
as the world supplier of WebSphere Commerce products and citing CXT s patent infringement suits against users of HCL s
WebSphere Commerce products, brought an action in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas seeking a declaratory
judgment that HCL s WebSphere Commerce products do not infringe CXT s patents and that CXT s patents are invalid. 

The actions against Conn s, Inc., Academy
Ltd., Fossil Group, Inc., JC Penney Company, Inc., Tailored Brands, Inc., Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc., Hallmark, Retail Concepts, CC
Filson, General Nutrition, Steve Madden, Ltd. and Neiman Marcus Group Ltd. were resolved in 2020. 

In 2021, the HCL matter was settled and dismissed
by mutual agreement pursuant to which HCL took a license to the CXT Portfolio and the actions against Advanced Auto Parts, Inc., Costco
Wholesale Corporation, The Sherwin-Williams Company, V.F. Corporation and IKEA North America Services, LLC were resolved. Revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2021 includes revenue from the resolution of these matters. We did not generate revenue from the CXT Portfolio
in 2022, and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the CXT Portfolio. 

CMOS Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of eleven United States
patents and sixteen foreign patents which cover technology relating to digital image sensor technology systems and methods which PIS acquired
on January 26, 2018. 

We did not generate revenue from the CMOS Portfolio in 2022 or 2021,
and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to its monetization. 

M-RED Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of sixty United States
patents and eight foreign patents which cover technology relating to processor and power management which M-RED acquired on March 15,
2019. 

On April 29, 2019, M-RED brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against MediaTek Inc. and Acer Inc. On July 16, 2019, M-Red Inc. brought
a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Panasonic Corporation. As of December 31, 2020,
all actions were settled and dismissed and revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 incudes revenue from settlements. 

In March 2021, M-RED brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Nintendo Co., Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corporation and Xiaomi Corporation
et. al. In April 2021, the case against Nintendo Co., Ltd. was dismissed without prejudice. In August 2021, M-Red Inc. brought a patent
infringement suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against OnePlus Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. In September
2021, M-RED Inc. brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ASRock Inc., Biostar
Microtech International Corp., Giga-Byte Technology Co., Ltd. and Micro-Star International Co. Ltd. 

The actions against Mitsubishi Electric Corporation,
ASRock Inc., and Micro-Star International Co. Ltd. were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes
revenue from any related settlements. The actions against Xiaomi Corporation et. al., OnePlus Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., Biostar
Microtech International Corp., and Giga-Byte Technology Co., Ltd. were resolved in 2022 and our revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022 includes revenue from any related settlements. We do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the M-RED Portfolio. 

13 

Audio Messaging Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of five issued United
States patents and one pending application which generally relate to systems and methods for associating an audio clip with an object
which our wholly-owned subsidiary, Audio Messaging Inc. AMI ), acquired in May of 2020. Pursuant to an unsecured non-recourse
funding agreement, a third-party agreed to provide acquisition funding in the amount of 95,000 for the acquisition. Under the funding
agreement, the third-party funder is entitled to a priority return of funds advanced from net proceeds, as defined, recovered until the
funder has received 190,000. The Company has no other obligation to the third-party and has no liability to the funder in the event that
the Company does not generate net proceeds. 

On October 8, 2021, AMI brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ZTE Corporation, Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp.,
Ltd. and Beijing Xiaomi Software Co., Ltd. Those actions were resolved in 2022, and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes
revenue from related settlements. 

Peregrin Portfolio 

Acquired in February 2021 by our wholly owned
subsidiary, Peregrin Licensing LLC PLL ), this portfolio consists of eight issued United States patents which generally
relate to systems and methods for processing inbound and outbound communications, such as, for example, determining the location of a
caller and routing the inbound communication to an entity in the caller s location (the Peregrin Portfolio ). PLL acquired
the portfolio pursuant to an agreement with Peter K. Trzyna PKT whereby PKT assigned us all right, title, and interest
in a portfolio of eight United States patents, we paid PKT 350,000 at closing and agreed that upon the realization of gross proceeds
from the Peregrin Portfolio we shall make subsequent installment payment or payments in the aggregate amount of 93,900. Thereafter, PKT
is entitled to a percentage of any gross proceeds realized. 

In July 2021, PLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Bank of America Corporation, Discover Financial Services, U.S. Bank
N.A. and Wells Fargo Co. All actions were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes revenue
from any related settlements. We did not generate revenue from the Peregrin Portfolio in 2022. 

Taasera Portfolio 

Acquired by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Taasera
Licensing LLC TLL ), this portfolio consists of 29 United States patents and 2 foreign patents which generally relate to
the field of network security (the Taasera Portfolio ). In June 2021 seven patents were acquired via assignment from Taasera,
Inc. for the purchase price of 250,000. In August 2021 acquired a portfolio of network security patents from Daedalus Blue LLC DBL consisting of 22 United States patents and 2 foreign patents. Original assignees of the patents acquired from DBL include International
Business Machines Corporation, Internet Security Systems, Inc. and Fiberlink Communications Corporation Fiberlink ). ISS
and Fiberlink were acquired by IBM in 2006 and 2013, respectively. In September 2019, IBM divested over 500 United States patent assets,
as well as a number of foreign counterparts in Asia, Europe, and elsewhere, to Daedalus Group, and affiliate of DBL. Pursuant to the acquisition
agreement, DBL is entitled to a portion of the net proceeds from monetization of the TLL portfolio. 

In November 2021, TLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Trend Micro Incorporated. In March 2022, Trend Micro, Inc. filed
a complaint against TLL in the U.S. District for the Western District of Texas seeking declaratory judgement of non-infringement of the
patents in suit. In February 2022, TLL brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against
Checkpoint Software Technologies Ltd. and Palo Alto Networks, Inc. In March 2022, TLL voluntarily dismissed, without prejudice, the action
against Palo Alto Networks, Inc. In March 2022, Palo Alto Networks, Inc. filed a complaint against TLL and the Company in the U.S. District
for the Southern District of New York seeking declaratory judgement of non-infringement of the patents in suit. In May 2022, Trend Micro
Inc. filed a motion with the Panel on Multidistrict Litigation seeking to have the pending actions consolidated into a centralized multidistrict
litigation for pretrial proceedings. In August 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated all actions in the U.S.
District for the Eastern District of Texas. In October 2022, TLL brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern
District of Texas against Fortinet, inc., Crowdstrike, Inc. et.al., and Musarubra US, LLC. 

14 

Soundstreak Portfolio 

Acquired through our acquisition of all of the
issued and outstanding equity interests of Soundstreak Texas LLC STX in August 2021 for a purchase price consisting of
50 of the net proceeds resulting from monetization of the patent portfolio, this patent portfolio consists of three United States patents
and one pending patent application which generally relate to streaming data (including audio or video) while also storing higher quality
versions of the same data locally. The patented technology has applications in the professional recording industry, digital audio/video
industries, the drone/remote capture industry, the teleconferencing industry, and more. 

In August 2021, STX brought a patent infringement
suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Yamaha Corporation and Steinberg Media Technologies GMBH. In September
2021, STX brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Sony Group Corporation, Panasonic
Corporation, Olympus Corporation and Nikon Corporation. In March 2022, STX brought a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District for
the Eastern District of Texas against Parrot SA, Delair SAS, Drone Volt, SA, EHang Holdings Limited and Flyability SA. 

The actions against Sony Group Corporation, Panasonic
Corporation, Olympus Corporation and Nikon Corporation were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes
revenue from any related settlements. The matters against Yamaha Corporation, Steinberg Media Technologies GMBH, Parrot SA, Drone Volt,
SA, Flyability SA and Delair SAS were resolved in 2022 and revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes revenue from any related
settlements. 

Multimodal Media Portfolio 

Acquired by our wholly owned subsidiary, Multimodal
Media LLC MML ), the Multimodal Media portfolio consists of fifteen United States patents and one pending application which
generally relate to systems and methods of recording and sending interactive messages and voice messages using mobile devices, as well
as completing a communication after an incomplete call (the Multimodal Media Portfolio ). MML advanced 642,000 at closing
pursuant to an agreement, as amended, with Aawaaz Inc. AI ). Under the agreement, MML retains an amount equal to the purchase
price plus any fees incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, after which AI is entitled to a percentage of further net
proceeds realized, if any. 

The Multimodal Media Portfolio was originally
developed by Kirusa, Inc., a communications software development company founded in 2001 by Inderpal Mumick together with other technocrats
with a dream of connecting people through the power of voice. Heralded by the invention of Voice SMS, Kirusa, Inc. was born with a vision
to revolutionize the experiences users derived from their mobile phones. 

In November 2021, MML brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ZTE Corporation and Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp.,
Ltd. In November 2022, MML brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Samsung Electronics
Co., Ltd. et al and TCL Technology Group Corporation et al. 

LS Cloud Storage Portfolio 

Acquired through our acquisition of all of the
issued and outstanding equity interests of LS Cloud Storage Technologies LLC LSC in November 2021, the LS Cloud Portfolio
consists of four United States patents which generally relate to data sharing using distributed cache. 

In March 2022, LSC brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Microsoft Corporation, Google LLC, Cisco Systems, Inc. and Amazon.com,
Inc. et.al. In November 2022, Google LLC filed a petition before the patent trial and appeal board for inter partes review of US Patent
No. 10,154,092. 

15 

Tyche Portfolio 

Acquired in January 2022, the Tyche portfolio
consists of two United States patents and related assets relating generally to symmetric inducting devices incorporated in integrated
circuits and in particular to an integrated circuit having symmetric inducting device with a ground shield. 

In May 2022, Tyche brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against MediaTek Inc., Realtek Semiconductor Corporation, Texas Instruments
Incorporated, Infineon Technologies AG and STMicroelectronics NV et. al. In May 2022, Tyche voluntarily dismissed, without prejudice,
the action against STMicroelectronics NV et .al. In May 2022, STMicroelectronics, Inc. filed an action for declaratory judgement of non-infringement
in the U.S. District for the Northern District of Texas, the action was dismissed without prejudice in July 2022. In September 2022, the
action against Texas Instruments Incorporated was dismissed with prejudice. As of December 31, 2022 the actions against MediaTek Inc.
and Infineon Technologies AG were stayed pending settlement. 

Deepwell Portfolio 

Acquired in January 2022, the Deepwell portfolio
consists of 12 United States patents and related assets Deepwell Portfolio ). Certain of the patents relate generally to
the manufacture and operation of integrated circuits. More particularly, embodiments of the present invention relate to: 1) selectively
coupling Voltage feeds to body bias Voltage in an integrated circuit device; 2) routing body-bias voltage to the MOSFETS (metal oxide
semiconductor field effect transistors). Certain other patents in the portfolio relate generally to method
and system for conservatively managing store capacity available to a processor issuing stores including but not limited to the utilization
of a counter mechanism, whereas the counter mechanism is incremented or decremented based on the occurrence of particular events 

EDI Portfolio 

In July 2022, EDI acquired, via assignment from
Edward D. Ioli Trust, all right title and interest to a portfolio of five United States patents and related applications relating to a
system and method for controlling vehicles and for providing assistance to operated vehicles EDI Portfolio for a purchase
price consisting of 50 of the net proceeds resulting from monetization of the EDI Portfolio. 

HPE Portfolio 

Acquired in July 2022 pursuant to an agreement
with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the HPE portfolio consists of eight United States
Patents across five patent families which relate generally to systems and methods around hardware, software and system security and capabilities HPE Portfolio ). We requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of 350,000, which was used to make
payment of the purchase price pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. 

Competition 

We encounter and expect to continue to encounter
competition in the areas of intellectual property acquisitions for the sake of licensure from both private and publicly traded companies
that engage in intellectual property monetization activities. Such competitors and potential competitors include companies seeking to
acquire the same intellectual property assets and intellectual property rights that we may seek to acquire. Entities such as Acacia Research
Corporation, Document Security Systems, Inc., Intellectual Ventures, Quarterhill Inc., MOSAID Technologies Inc., VirnetX Holding Corporation,
Network-1 Security Solutions, Interdigital, Inc., IPValue Management Inc., Pendrell Corporation, Inventergy Global, Inc., Netlist Inc.,
Parkervision Inc., Walker Innovation, Inc., Daedalus Group LLC, Netlist Inc. and others derive all or a substantial portion of their revenue
from intellectual property monetization activities, and we expect more entities to enter the market. Most of our competitors have longer
operating histories and significantly greater financial resources and personnel than we have. 

We also compete with venture capital firms, strategic
corporate buyers and various industry leaders for intellectual property and technology acquisitions and licensing opportunities. Many
of these competitors have more financial and human resources than our company. In seeking to obtain intellectual property assets or intellectual
property rights, we seek to both demonstrate our understanding of the intellectual property that we are seeking to acquire or license
and our ability to monetize their intellectual property rights. Our weak cash position and history of losses, together with our low stock
price, may impair our ability to negotiate successfully with the intellectual property owners. 

Other companies may develop competing technologies
that offer better or less expensive alternatives to intellectual property rights that we may acquire and/or license. Many potential competitors
may have significantly greater resources than we do. The development of technological advances or entirely different approaches could
render certain of the technologies owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries obsolete and/or uneconomical. 

16 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We have fifteen intellectual property portfolios:
financial data, mobile data, Turtle Pak, anchor structure, power management/bus control, diode on chip, rich media, CXT, CMOS, M-RED,
Audio Messaging, Peregrin, Taasera, Soundstreak, Multmodal Media, LS Cloud, Tyyche, Deepwell, EDI and HPE. The following table sets forth
information concerning our patents and other intellectual property. Each patent or other intellectual property right listed in the table
below that has been granted is publicly accessible on the Internet website of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office at www.uspto.gov. In
the table below, the anchor structure portfolio is referred to as Mariner, the power management/bus control portfolio is referred to as
Semcom, the diode on chip portfolio is referred to as IC, the Audio Messaging portfolio is referred to as AMI, the Peregrin portfolio
is referred to as PLL, the Taasera portfolio is referred to as TLL, the Soundstreak portfolio is referred to as STX, the Multimodal Media
portfolio is referred to as MML, the LS Cloud portfolio is referred to as LSC, the Tyche portfolio is referred to as Tyche, the Deepwell
portfolio is referred to as DIP, the EDI portfolio is referred to as EDI, and the HPE portfolio is referred to as HPE. 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Financial 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE38,137 
 
 Programmable multiple company credit card system 
 
 1/11/2001 
 
 6/10/2003 
 
 9/28/2015 
 
 Mobile 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,194,468 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 4/13/2000 
 
 3/20/2007 
 
 4/13/2020 
 
 Mobile 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,288,605 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 11/12/2009 
 
 3/15/2016 
 
 4/13/2020 
 
 Mobile Dat 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,913,068 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 3/15/2013 
 
 3/6/2018 
 
 7/20/2021 
 
 Mobile Data 
 
 US Application 
 
 15/877,820 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 43123 
 
 5/31/2018 
 
 N/A 
 
 Turtle Pak 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,490,844 
 
 Film wrap packaging apparatus and method 
 
 6/21/2001 
 
 12/10/2002 
 
 7/10/2021 
 
 Turtle Pak 
 
 US Trademark 
 
 74709827 
 
 Turtle pak - design plus words, letters, and/or numbers 
 
 8/1/1995 
 
 6/4/1996 
 
 N/A 
 
 Mariner 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,650,666 
 
 Method and apparatus for preventing cracks in semiconductor die 
 
 11/22/1995 
 
 7/22/1997 
 
 11/22/2015 
 
 Mariner 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,846,874 
 
 Method and apparatus for preventing cracks in semiconductor die 
 
 2/28/1997 
 
 12/8/1998 
 
 11/22/2015 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,100,061 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 1/18/2000 
 
 8/29/2006 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,596,708 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 4/25/2006 
 
 9/29/2009 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,566,627 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 7/14/2009 
 
 10/22/2013 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,806,247 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 12/21/2012 
 
 8/12/2014 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 PCT Application 
 
 PCT/US2001/001684 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 1/16/2001 
 
 7/26/2001 
 
 N/A 

17 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Semcon 
 
 Reexam Certificate 
 
 7,100,061C1 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 6/13/2007 
 
 8/04/2009 
 
 N/A 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,978,876 
 
 System and method for controlling communications between subsystems 
 
 4/14/1997 
 
 11/02/1999 
 
 4/14/2017 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,118,273 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 4/10/2003 
 
 10/10/2006 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,108,420 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 10/07/2004 
 
 9/19/2006 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,222,843 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 9/23/2011 
 
 12/29/2015 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Application 
 
 16/537,200 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 8/09/2019 
 
 11/28/2019 
 
 N/A 
 
 Rich Media 
 
 Patent Proceeds Interest 
 
 7,000,180 
 
 Methods, systems, and processes for the design and creation of rich media applications via the internet 
 
 2/09/2001 
 
 2/14/2006 
 
 10/16/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,103,568 
 
 Online product exchange system 
 
 2/23/2004 
 
 9/05/2006 
 
 8/08/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,933,806 
 
 Online product exchange system with price-sorted matching products 
 
 9/11/2006 
 
 4/26/2011 
 
 8/08/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,024,226 
 
 Product exchange system 
 
 11/06/2006 
 
 4/26/2011 
 
 8/08/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,983,220 
 
 Supporting intuitive decision in complex multi-attributive domains using fuzzy, hierarchial expert models 
 
 11/14/1996 
 
 11/09/1999 
 
 11/14/2016 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,463,431 
 
 Database evaluation system supporting their intuitive decision in complex multi-attributive domains using fuzzy, hierarchial expert models 
 
 6/25/1999 
 
 10/08/2002 
 
 11/14/2016 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,940,807 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 5/28/1997 
 
 8/17/1999 
 
 5/23/2017 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,081,789 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 1/08/1999 
 
 6/27/2000 
 
 5/23/2017 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,601,043 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 6/26/2000 
 
 7/29/2003 
 
 5/23/2017 

18 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,011,537 
 
 System for delivering and simultaneously displaying primary and secondary information, and for displaying only the secondary information during interstitial space 
 
 1/27/1998 
 
 1/04/2000 
 
 1/27/2018 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,133,835 
 
 Online exchange market system with a buyer auction and a seller auction 
 
 10/30/1995 
 
 11/07/2006 
 
 5/27/2018 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,412,012 
 
 System, method, and article of manufacture for making a compatibility aware recommendation to a user 
 
 12/23/1998 
 
 6/25/2002 
 
 12/23/2018 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,493,703 
 
 System and method for implementing intelligent online community message board 
 
 5/11/1999 
 
 12/10/2002 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,571,234 
 
 System and method for managing online message board 
 
 5/11/1999 
 
 5/27/2003 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,721,748 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 5/13/2002 
 
 4/13/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,778,982 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 2/20/2003 
 
 8/17/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,804,675 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 3/17/2003 
 
 10/12/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,159,011 
 
 System and method for managing an online messaging board 
 
 8/16/2004 
 
 1/02/2007 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,162,471 
 
 Content query system and method 
 
 8/16/2004 
 
 1/9/2007 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE43,835 
 
 Online content tabulating system and method 
 
 2/22/2007 
 
 11/27/2012 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE45,661 
 
 Online content tabulating system and method 
 
 11/20/2012 
 
 9/1/2015 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,065,494 
 
 Electronic customer service and rating system and method 
 
 6/25/1999 
 
 6/20/2006 
 
 6/25/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,340,411 
 
 System and method for generating, capturing, and managing customer lead information over a computer network 
 
 10/20/2003 
 
 3/4/2008 
 
 8/2/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,260,806 
 
 Storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 6/29/2007 
 
 9/4/2012 
 
 10/17/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,487,130 
 
 Consumer-controlled limited and constrained access to a centrally stored information account 
 
 1/6/2006 
 
 2/3/2009 
 
 11/7/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,016,877 
 
 Consumer-controlled limited and constrained access to a centrally stored information account 
 
 11/7/2001 
 
 3/21/2006 
 
 2/22/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,257,581 
 
 Storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 8/6/2001 
 
 8/14/2007 
 
 6/2/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,467,141 
 
 Branding and revenue sharing models for facilitating storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 8/20/2001 
 
 12/16/2008 
 
 7/28/2023 

19 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,016,875 
 
 Single sign-on for access to a central data repository 
 
 10/9/2001 
 
 3/21/2006 
 
 8/19/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,566,248 
 
 Initiation of an information transaction over a network via a wireless device 
 
 11/20/2001 
 
 10/22/2013 
 
 6/17/2026 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,928,508 
 
 Single sign-on for access to a central data repository 
 
 01/06/2006 
 
 03/27/2018 
 
 12/20/2022 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,624,404 
 
 CMOS image sensor having enhanced photosensitivity and method for fabricating the same 
 
 11/26/2001 
 
 9/23/2003 
 
 12/30/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0303774 
 
 Method for fabricating cmos image sensor 
 
 12/30/1998 
 
 7/13/2001 
 
 12/30/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,348,361 
 
 CMOS image sensor having enhanced photosensitivity and method for fabricating the same 
 
 12/30/1999 
 
 02/19/2002 
 
 12/30/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,184,055 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode and method for fabricating the same 
 
 02/26/1999 
 
 02/06/2001 
 
 02/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Chinese Patent 
 
 CNZL99105588.8 
 
 Complementary mos image sensor and making method thereof 
 
 02/28/1999 
 
 10/13/2004 
 
 02/27/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Chinese Patent 
 
 CNZL200310104488.4 
 
 Image sensing device and its manufacturing method 
 
 02/28/1999 
 
 03/26/2008 
 
 02/27/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 German Patent 
 
 DE19908457.2 
 
 Photodiode used in cmos image sensing device 
 
 02/26/1999 
 
 11/28/2013 
 
 02/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2775541 
 
 Photodiode for use in a cmos image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 03/01/1999 
 
 08/02/2002 
 
 03/01/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2779870 
 
 Photodiodes for image sensors 
 
 03/01/1999 
 
 05/13/2005 
 
 03/01/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 United Kingdom Patent 
 
 GB2334817 
 
 Photodiode for use in a cmos image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 03/01/1999 
 
 07/01/2003 
 
 03/01/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 United Kingdom Patent 
 
 GB2383900 
 
 CMOS image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 03/01/1999 
 
 08/20/2003 
 
 03/01/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4390896 
 
 CMOS image sensor and manufacture thereof 
 
 03/01/1999 
 
 10/16/2009 
 
 03/01/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0278285 
 
 CMOS image sensor and manufacturing method thereof 
 
 02/24/1999 
 
 10/18/2000 
 
 02/24/2019 

20 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Taiwanese Patent 
 
 TWI141677 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode 
 
 03/22/1999 
 
 10/01/2001 
 
 03/21/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,180,969 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode 
 
 02/26/1999 
 
 01/30/2001 
 
 02/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,563,187 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated together with memory device 
 
 06/29/1999 
 
 05/13/2003 
 
 06/29/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,949,388 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated together with memory device 
 
 05/12/2003 
 
 09/27/2005 
 
 11/09/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0464955 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated with memory device 
 
 06/29/1998 
 
 12/24/2004 
 
 06/29/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,627,929 
 
 Solid state ccd image sensor having a light shielding layer 
 
 06/13/2001 
 
 09/30/2003 
 
 10/13/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0263473 
 
 Solid state image device and fabrication method thereof 
 
 02/16/1998 
 
 05/17/2000 
 
 02/16/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,300,157 
 
 Solid state image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 10/13/1998 
 
 10/09/2001 
 
 10/13/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,113,203 
 
 Method and system for single-chip camera 
 
 05/07/2002 
 
 09/26/2006 
 
 05/13/2022 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,706,550 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 10/16/2002 
 
 3/16/2004 
 
 02/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4139931 
 
 Pinned photodiode of image sensor, and its manufacture 
 
 06/28/1999 
 
 6/20/2008 
 
 06/28/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0275123 
 
 Pinned photodiode of image sensor and manufacturing method thereof 
 
 06/29/1998 
 
 9/19/2000 
 
 06/29/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Taiwanese Patent 
 
 TWI133257 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 06/30/1999 
 
 5/28/2001 
 
 06/29/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,489,643 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 06/28/1999 
 
 12/03/2002 
 
 06/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,853,259 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 08/15/2001 
 
 2/08/2005 
 
 08/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,068,557 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 01/25/2005 
 
 6/27/2006 
 
 08/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,209,401 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 05/02/2006 
 
 4/24/2007 
 
 08/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,221,682 
 
 Method and apparatus for evaluating a known good die using both wire bond and flip-chip interconnects 
 
 05/28/1999 
 
 4/24/2001 
 
 05/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE43,607 
 
 Method and apparatus for evaluating a known good die using both wire bond and flip-chip interconnects 
 
 05/31/2007 
 
 8/28/2012 
 
 12/31/2019 

21 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,177,843 
 
 Oscillator circuit controlled by programmable logic 
 
 05/26/1999 
 
 1/23/2001 
 
 05/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,628,171 
 
 Method, architecture and circuit for controlling and/or operating an oscillator 
 
 01/23/2001 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 05/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,831,690 
 
 Electrical sensing apparatus and method utilizing an array of transducer elements 
 
 12/07/1999 
 
 12/14/2004 
 
 12/07/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,511,754 
 
 Electrical sensing apparatus and method utilizing an array of transducer elements 
 
 10/26/2004 
 
 3/31/2009 
 
 02/07/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,498,399 
 
 Low dielectric-constant dielectric for etchstop in dual damascene backend of integrated circuits 
 
 09/08/1999 
 
 12/24/2002 
 
 09/08/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,744,311 
 
 Switching amplifier with voltage-multiplying output stage 
 
 04/23/2002 
 
 6/01/2004 
 
 04/23/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,646,465 
 
 Programmable Logic Device Including Bi-Directional Shift Register 
 
 02/07/2002 
 
 11/11/2003 
 
 02/07/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,721,310 
 
 Multiport non-blocking high capacity atm and packet switch 
 
 11/02/2001 
 
 4/13/2004 
 
 11/02/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,456,183 
 
 Inductor for Integrated Circuit 
 
 02/24/2000 
 
 9/24/2002 
 
 02/24/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,838,970 
 
 Inductor for Integrated Circuit 
 
 07/26/2002 
 
 1/04/2005 
 
 09/30/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,459,135 
 
 Monolithic Integrated Circuit Incorporating An Inductive Component And Process For Fabricating Such An Integrated Circuit 
 
 03/15/2000 
 
 10/01/2002 
 
 03/15/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,388,322 
 
 Article comprising a mechanically compliant bump 
 
 01/17/2001 
 
 5/14/2002 
 
 01/17/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,458,411 
 
 Method of making a mechanically compliant bump 
 
 10/05/2001 
 
 10/01/2002 
 
 01/17/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,506,648 
 
 Method of fabricating a high-power RF field effect transistor with reduced hot electron injection and resulting structure 
 
 09/02/1998 
 
 1/14/2003 
 
 06/27/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,735,422 
 
 Calibrated DC compensation system for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 10/02/2000 
 
 5/11/2004 
 
 10/02/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,674,998 
 
 System and method for detecting and correcting phase error between differential signals 
 
 12/21/2000 
 
 1/06/2004 
 
 10/02/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,891,440 
 
 Quadrature oscillator with phase error correction 
 
 12/21/2000 
 
 1/06/2004 
 
 08/08/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,763,228 
 
 Precision automatic gain control circuit 
 
 12/21/2001 
 
 7/13/2004 
 
 10/03/2021 

22 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,748,200 
 
 Automatic gain control system and method for a ZIF architecture 
 
 04/04/2003 
 
 6/08/2004 
 
 10/02/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE42,799 
 
 Packet acquisition and channel tracking for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 06/27/2008 
 
 10/04/2011 
 
 01/22/2023 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,560,448 
 
 DC compensation system for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 10/02/2000 
 
 5/06/2003 
 
 08/29/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,448,910 
 
 Method and apparatus for convolution encoding and viterbi decoding of data that utilize a configurable processor to configure a plurality of re-configurable processing elements 
 
 03/26/2001 
 
 9/10/2002 
 
 03/26/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,127,588 
 
 Apparatus and method for an improved performance VLIW processor 
 
 12/05/2000 
 
 10/24/2006 
 
 03/17/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,757,752 
 
 Micro Controller Development System 
 
 01/14/2002 
 
 6/29/2004 
 
 01/14/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,509,646 
 
 Apparatus For Reducing An Electrical Noise Inside A Ball Grid Array Package 
 
 05/22/2000 
 
 1/21/2003 
 
 05/22/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,365,970 
 
 Bond Pad Structure And Its Method Of Fabricating 
 
 12/10/1999 
 
 4/02/2002 
 
 12/10/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,912,601 
 
 Method of programming PLDs using a wireless link 
 
 06/28/2000 
 
 6/28/2005 
 
 05/11/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,496,054 
 
 Control signal generator for an overvoltage-tolerant interface circuit on a low voltage process 
 
 05/09/2001 
 
 12/17/2002 
 
 05/09/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,194,279 
 
 Fabrication method for gate spacer 
 
 06/28/1999 
 
 2/27/2001 
 
 06/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,281,554 
 
 Electrostatic discharge protection circuit 
 
 03/20/2000 
 
 8/28/2001 
 
 03/20/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,657,263 
 
 MOS transistors having dual gates and self-aligned interconnect contact windows 
 
 06/28/2001 
 
 12/02/2003 
 
 03/24/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,461,908 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 04/10/2001 
 
 10/08/2002 
 
 04/10/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,737,995 
 
 Clock and data recovery with a feedback loop to adjust the slice level of an input sampling circuit 
 
 04/10/2002 
 
 5/18/2004 
 
 04/18/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,747,522 
 
 Digitally controlled crystal oscillator with integrated coarse and fine control 
 
 05/03/2002 
 
 6/08/2004 
 
 05/17/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,275,116 
 
 Method, circuit and/or architecture to improve the frequency range of a voltage-controlled oscillator 
 
 06/08/1999 
 
 8/14/2001 
 
 06/08/2019 

23 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,608,763 
 
 Stacking system and method 
 
 09/15/2000 
 
 8/19/2003 
 
 05/24/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,404,043 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 06/21/2000 
 
 6/11/2002 
 
 06/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,472,735 
 
 Three-dimensional memory stacking using anisotropic epoxy interconnections 
 
 04/05/2001 
 
 10/29/2002 
 
 06/27/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,544,815 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 08/06/2001 
 
 4/08/2003 
 
 06/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,566,746 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 12/14/2001 
 
 5/20/2003 
 
 06/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,878,571 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 12/11/2002 
 
 4/12/2005 
 
 04/30/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,627,984 
 
 Chip stack with differing chip package types 
 
 07/24/2001 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 07/24/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,908,792 
 
 Chip stack with differing chip package types 
 
 10/03/2002 
 
 6/21/2005 
 
 02/21/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,205,524 
 
 Multimedia arbiter and method using fixed round-robin slots for real-time agents and a timed priority slot for non-real-time agents 
 
 09/16/1998 
 
 3/20/2001 
 
 09/16/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,157,978 
 
 Multimedia round-robin arbitration with phantom slots for super-priority real-time agent 
 
 01/06/1999 
 
 12/05/2000 
 
 09/16/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,117,750 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single-crystal germanium or silicon on a substrate of single-crystal silicon or germanium, respectively 
 
 12/21/1998 
 
 9/12/2000 
 
 12/21/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,429,098 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single-crystal germanium or silicon on a substrate of single-crystal silicon or germanium, respectively, and multilayer products obtained 
 
 09/11/2000 
 
 8/06/2002 
 
 12/21/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,134,176 
 
 Disabling a defective element in an integrated circuit device having redundant elements 
 
 11/24/1998 
 
 10/17/2000 
 
 11/24/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,366,998 
 
 Reconfigurable functional units for implementing a hybrid vliw-simd programming model 
 
 10/14/1998 
 
 4/02/2002 
 
 10/14/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,401,217 
 
 Method For Error Recognition In A Processor System 
 
 07/22/1998 
 
 6/04/2002 
 
 07/22/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,169,028 
 
 Method for fabricating metal interconnected structure 
 
 01/26/1999 
 
 1/02/2001 
 
 01/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,190,981 
 
 Method for fabricating metal oxide semiconductor 
 
 02/03/1999 
 
 2/20/2001 
 
 02/03/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,130,823 
 
 Stackable ball grid array module and method 
 
 02/01/1999 
 
 10/10/2000 
 
 02/01/2019 

24 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,208,004 
 
 Semiconductor device with high-temperature-stable gate electrode for sub-micron applications and fabrication thereof 
 
 08/19/1998 
 
 3/27/2001 
 
 08/19/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,479,362 
 
 Semiconductor device with high-temperature-stable gate electrode for sub-micron applications and fabrication thereof 
 
 02/14/2001 
 
 11/12/2002 
 
 08/19/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0796825 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 04/03/2001 
 
 6/24/2009 
 
 04/03/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 British Patent 
 
 GB0930382 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single crystal germanium or silicon on single crystal silicon or germanium substrate respectively, and multilayer products thus obtained 
 
 12/09/1998 
 
 8/21/2002 
 
 12/09/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Italian Patent 
 
 IT0930382 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single crystal germanium or silicon on single crystal silicon or germanium substrate respectively, and multilayer products thus obtained 
 
 12/09/1998 
 
 8/21/2002 
 
 12/09/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0633947 
 
 Method of fabricating a high power rf field effect transistor with reduced hot electron injection and resulting structure 
 
 08/17/1999 
 
 10/04/2006 
 
 08/17/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2791470 
 
 Monolithic Integrated Circuit Comprising An Inductor And A Method Of Fabricating The Same 
 
 03/23/1999 
 
 6/01/2001 
 
 03/23/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2790328 
 
 Inductive Component, Integrated Transformer, In Particular For A Radio Frequency Circuit, And Associated Integrated Circuit With Such Inductive Component Or Integrated Transformer 
 
 02/26/1999 
 
 4/20/2001 
 
 02/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4846167 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 04/03/2001 
 
 10/21/2011 
 
 04/03/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP5051939 
 
 Electric sensor device, method for generating electric signal from array of converter element 
 
 12/05/2000 
 
 8/03/2012 
 
 12/05/2020 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,280,014 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 11/29/2006 
 
 10/02/2012 
 
 11/08/2030 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,088,667 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 09/06/2012 
 
 7/21/2015 
 
 06/30/2027 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,033,876 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 06/02/2015 
 
 7/24/2018 
 
 11/29/2026 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,348,909 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 06/18/2018 
 
 7/09/2019 
 
 11/29/2026 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,938,995 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 05/23/2019 
 
 3/02/2021 
 
 11/29/2026 

25 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent Application 
 
 17/162,354 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 01/29/2021 
 
 5/20/2021 
 
 N/A 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,761,371 
 
 Analyzing a credit counseling agency 
 
 07/19/2007 
 
 7/20/2010 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,827,097 
 
 System for transferring an inbound communication to one of a plurality of credit-counseling agencies 
 
 10/19/2000 
 
 11/02/2010 
 
 10/23/2024 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,860,785 
 
 Communication system to automatically refer an inbound communication 
 
 07/19/2007 
 
 12/28/2010 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,209,257 
 
 System for transferring an inbound communication to one of a plurality of credit-counseling agencies 
 
 11/01/2010 
 
 6/26/2012 
 
 11/27/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,725,630 
 
 Method of processing a phone call 
 
 06/25/2012 
 
 5/13/2014 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,948,771 
 
 Using an interactive voice response apparatus 
 
 05/12/2014 
 
 4/17/2018 
 
 12/23/2022 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,230,840 
 
 Method of using an apparatus processing phone call routing 
 
 05/12/2014 
 
 3/12/2019 
 
 01/05/2022 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,735,582 
 
 Apparatus processing phone calls 
 
 03/11/2019 
 
 8/04/2020 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,327,441 
 
 System and method for application attestation 
 
 02/17/2012 
 
 12/04/2012 
 
 02/17/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,776,180 
 
 Systems and methods for using reputation scores in network services and transactions to calculate security risks to computer systems and platforms 
 
 07/27/2012 
 
 7/08/2014 
 
 08/22/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,850,517 
 
 Runtime risk detection based on user, application, and system action sequence correlation 
 
 01/15/2013 
 
 9/30/2014 
 
 01/15/2033 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,850,588 
 
 Systems and methods for providing Mobile security based on dynamic Attestation 
 
 07/27/2012 
 
 9/30/2014 
 
 08/11/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,990,948 
 
 Systems and methods for orchestrating runtime operational integrity 
 
 07/27/2012 
 
 3/24/2015 
 
 01/12/2033 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,027,125 
 
 Systems and methods for network flow remediation based on risk correlation 
 
 07/27/2012 
 
 5/05/2015 
 
 09/02/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,092,616 
 
 Systems and methods for threat identification and remediation 
 
 07/27/2012 
 
 7/28/2015 
 
 01/25/2033 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,565,549 
 
 System and method for the managed security control of processes on a computer system 
 
 07/03/2007 
 
 7/21/2009 
 
 01/03/2023 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,673,137 
 
 System and method for the managed security control of processes on a computer system 
 
 01/03/2003 
 
 3/02/2010 
 
 06/12/2028 

26 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,150,958 
 
 Methods, systems and computer program products for disseminating status information to users of computer resources 
 
 05/05/2004 
 
 4/03/2012 
 
 09/06/2031 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,955,038 
 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 
 08/16/2012 
 
 2/10/2015 
 
 06/13/2026 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,608,997 
 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 
 02/10/2015 
 
 3/28/2017 
 
 06/13/2026 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,923,918 
 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 
 03/27/2017 
 
 3/20/2018 
 
 06/13/2026 
 
 TLL 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 20,090,075,861 
 
 On demand virus scan 
 
 12/04/2007 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,572,738 
 
 On demand virus scan 
 
 12/07/2006 
 
 10/29/2013 
 
 11/08/2030 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,842,796 
 
 Information extraction from documents with regular expression matching 
 
 07/03/2001 
 
 1/11/2005 
 
 05/28/2022 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,928,549 
 
 Dynamic intrusion detection for computer systems 
 
 07/09/2001 
 
 8/09/2005 
 
 08/29/2023 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,180,941 
 
 Mechanisms for priority control in resource allocation 
 
 12/04/2009 
 
 5/15/2012 
 
 10/27/2025 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,055,996 
 
 Lightweight form pattern validation 
 
 11/13/2003 
 
 11/08/2011 
 
 10/06/2027 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,086,835 
 
 Rootkit detection 
 
 06/04/2007 
 
 12/27/2011 
 
 06/19/2030 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,127,356 
 
 System, method and program product for detecting unknown computer attacks 
 
 08/27/2003 
 
 2/28/2012 
 
 12/11/2028 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,135,958 
 
 Method, system, and apparatus for dynamically validating a data encryption operation 
 
 11/22/2005 
 
 3/13/2012 
 
 09/05/2030 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,140,853 
 
 Mutually excluded security managers 
 
 07/01/2008 
 
 3/20/2012 
 
 12/31/2030 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,171,533 
 
 Managing web single sign-on applications 
 
 09/29/2008 
 
 5/01/2012 
 
 03/02/2031 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,819,419 
 
 Method and system for dynamic encryption of a URL 
 
 04/03/2003 
 
 8/26/2014 
 
 10/22/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,118,634 
 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 
 07/02/2014 
 
 8/25/2015 
 
 04/03/2023 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,628,453 
 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 
 06/10/2015 
 
 4/18/2017 
 
 04/03/2023 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,860,251 
 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 
 01/30/2017 
 
 1/02/2018 
 
 04/03/2023 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,769,126 
 
 Expanded membership access control in a collaborative environment 
 
 06/24/2004 
 
 7/01/2014 
 
 07/03/2028 

27 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 TLL 
 
 European Patent 
 
 EP2727042 
 
 Rules based actions for mobile device management 
 
 07/02/2012 
 
 4/06/2016 
 
 07/02/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,071,518 
 
 Rules based actions for mobile device management 
 
 07/02/2012 
 
 6/30/2015 
 
 07/02/2032 
 
 TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,631,354 
 
 System security agent authentication and alert distribution 
 
 12/30/2004 
 
 7/06/2006 
 
 07/18/2027 
 
 STX 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,592,532 
 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Voice-over or Music Production and Management 
 
 09/27/2005 
 
 9/22/2009 
 
 04/25/2026 
 
 STX 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,635,312 
 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Voice-over or Music Production and Management 
 
 12/11/2015 
 
 4/25/2017 
 
 09/27/2025 
 
 STX 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,726,822 
 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Digital Content Monitoring and Management 
 
 04/24/2017 
 
 7/28/2020 
 
 09/27/2025 
 
 STX 
 
 US Patent 
 
 11,372,913 
 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Digital Content Monitoring and Management 
 
 07/27/2020 
 
 6/28/2022 
 
 09/27/2025 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,725,116 
 
 Techniques for combining voice with wireless text short message services 
 
 11/25/2006 
 
 5/25/2010 
 
 09/17/2026 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,929,949 
 
 Interactive multimodal messaging 
 
 02/03/2009 
 
 4/19/2011 
 
 02/03/2029 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,107,978 
 
 Addressing voice SMS messages 
 
 03/27/2008 
 
 1/31/2012 
 
 03/27/2028 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,688,150 
 
 Methods for identifying messages and communicating with users of a multimodal message service 
 
 08/12/2005 
 
 4/01/2014 
 
 02/16/2029 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,185,227 
 
 Sender driven call completion system 
 
 12/12/2013 
 
 11/10/2015 
 
 12/12/2033 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,520,851 
 
 Predictive automatic gain control in a media processing system 
 
 03/12/2015 
 
 12/13/2016 
 
 06/09/2035 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,532,191 
 
 Multi-modal transmission of early media notifications 
 
 05/17/2013 
 
 12/27/2016 
 
 05/17/2033 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,686,324 
 
 System and method for establishing communication links between mobile devices 
 
 02/27/2014 
 
 6/20/2017 
 
 05/01/2034 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,552,030 
 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 
 10/11/2013 
 
 2/04/2020 
 
 07/05/2035 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,884,609 
 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 
 01/07/2020 
 
 1/05/2021 
 
 10/11/2033 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 11,294,562 
 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 
 12/10/2020 
 
 4/05/2022 
 
 10/11/2033 
 
 MML 
 
 US Application 
 
 17/700,506 
 
 Multi-gesture Media Recording System 
 
 03/22/2022 
 
 7/07/2022 
 
 N/A 

28 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,161,116 
 
 Method and system for communicating a data file over a network 
 
 05/24/2004 
 
 4/17/2012 
 
 08/28/2026 
 
 MML 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,504,633 
 
 Method and system for communicating a data file 
 
 04/12/2012 
 
 8/06/2013 
 
 05/24/2024 
 
 LSC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,549,988 
 
 Data storage system comprising a network of PCs and method using same 
 
 01/22/1999 
 
 4/15/2013 
 
 01/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,225,002 
 
 Data storage and data sharing in a network of heterogeneous computers 
 
 03/05/2003 
 
 7/17/2012 
 
 01/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,811,463 
 
 Apparatus Including an I/O Interface and a Network Interface and Related Method of Use 
 
 02/23/2017 
 
 11/07/2017 
 
 01/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,154,092 
 
 Data Sharing Using Distributed Cache in a Network of Heterogeneous Computers 
 
 01/15/2016 
 
 12/11/2018 
 
 01/15/2016 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,786,163 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 10/10/2017 
 
 10/10/2021 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,026,310 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 09/09/2016 
 
 7/17/2018 
 
 04/05/2036 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,297,146 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 07/16/2018 
 
 5/21/2019 
 
 04/05/2036 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,796,566 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 05/20/2019 
 
 10/06/2020 
 
 04/05/2036 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 11,200,796 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 10/05/2020 
 
 12/14/2021 
 
 04/05/2036 
 
 EDI 
 
 US Application 
 
 17/548,798 
 
 Automated highway system 
 
 12/13/2021 
 
 10/27/2022 
 
 N/A 
 
 Tyche 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,900,087 
 
 Symmetric inducting device for an integrated circuit having a ground shield 
 
 08/21/2003 
 
 5/31/2005 
 
 10/14/2022 
 
 Tyche 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,084,481 
 
 Symmetric inducting device for an integrated circuit having a ground shield 
 
 05/28/2004 
 
 8/01/2006 
 
 07/13/2022 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,936,898 
 
 Diagonal deep well region for routing body-bias voltage for MOSFETS in surface well regions 
 
 12/31/2002 
 
 8/30/2005 
 
 03/03/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,098,512 
 
 Layout patterns for deep well region to facilitate routing body-bias voltage 
 
 10/10/2003 
 
 8/29/2006 
 
 03/14/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,332,763 
 
 Selective coupling of voltage feeds for body bias voltage in an integrated circuit device 
 
 01/26/2004 
 
 2/19/2008 
 
 07/05/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,211,478 
 
 Diagonal deep well region for routing body-bias voltage for MOSFETS in surface well regions 
 
 08/08/2005 
 
 5/01/2007 
 
 12/31/2022 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,645,664 
 
 Layout pattern for deep well region to facilitate routing body-bias voltage 
 
 06/08/2006 
 
 1/12/2010 
 
 12/21/2023 

29 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,323,367 
 
 Diagonal deep well region for routing body-bias voltage for MOSFETS in surface well regions 
 
 05/01/2007 
 
 1/29/2008 
 
 12/31/2022 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,608,897 
 
 Sub-surface region with diagonal gap regions 
 
 01/28/2008 
 
 10/27/2009 
 
 12/31/2022 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,251,865 
 
 Selective coupling of voltage feeds for body bias voltage in an integrated circuit device 
 
 02/11/2008 
 
 2/02/2016 
 
 07/05/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,415,730 
 
 Selective coupling of voltage feeds for body bias voltage in an integrated circuit device 
 
 02/19/2008 
 
 4/09/2013 
 
 07/05/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,149,851 
 
 Method and system for conservatively managing store capacity available to a processor issuing stores 
 
 08/21/2003 
 
 12/12/2006 
 
 10/17/2024 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,606,979 
 
 Method and system for conservatively managing store capacity available to a processor issuing stores 
 
 12/12/2006 
 
 10/20/2009 
 
 08/21/2023 
 
 DIP 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE44,025 
 
 Apparatus and method for integrated circuit power management 
 
 07/18/2008 
 
 2/19/2013 
 
 09/09/2024 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,962,948 
 
 VIDEO-ENABLED COMMUNITY BUILDING 
 
 04/06/2001 
 
 6/14/2011 
 
 02/17/2026 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,230,497 
 
 Method Of Identifying Software Vulnerabilities On A Computer System 
 
 11/04/2002 
 
 7/24/2012 
 
 09/24/2031 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,353,539 
 
 SIGNAL LEVEL PROPAGATION MECHANISM FOR DISTRIBUTION OF A PAYLOAD TO VULNERABLE SYSTEMS 
 
 01/16/2003 
 
 4/01/2008 
 
 06/02/2025 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,647,327 
 
 Method And System For Implementing Storage Strategies Of A File Autonomously Of A User 
 
 09/24/2003 
 
 1/12/2010 
 
 02/04/2025 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,404,204 
 
 System And Method For Authentication Via A Single Sign-on Server 
 
 02/06/2004 
 
 7/22/2008 
 
 03/02/2026 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,426,633 
 
 System And Method For Reflashing Disk Drive Firmware 
 
 05/12/2005 
 
 9/16/2008 
 
 09/15/2026 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,027,333 
 
 Ip-based Enhanced Emergency Services Using Intelligent Client Devices 
 
 09/05/2008 
 
 9/27/2011 
 
 08/15/2024 
 
 HPE 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,440,442 
 
 Ip-based Enhanced Emergency Services Using Intelligent Client Devices 
 
 10/21/2003 
 
 10/21/2008 
 
 11/24/2026 

Subject to any terminal disclaimer 

30 

Research and Development 

We did not incur research and development expenses
during 2022 or 2021, since research and development are not part of our business. 

Consulting Contracts 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into advisory
service agreement with three consultants pursuant to which they will provide services to us in connection with the development of our
business. The agreements have a term of ten years and may be terminated by us for cause or upon the death or disability of the consultants. 

Pursuant to the agreements with two of the consultants,
the compensation payable to each of them consists of a restricted stock grant of 100,000 shares of Common Stock which vested in full immediately
upon issuance and a ten-year option to purchase a total of 300,000 shares of Common Stock, which become exercisable cumulatively as follows: 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 1.00 per share becoming
exercisable upon the commencement of trading of our common stock on the OTCQB which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 3.00 per share, becoming
exercisable on the first day on which we file with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000,
and 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share becoming
exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Pursuant to the agreement with the third consultant,
the compensation payable to him consists of a restricted stock grant of 100,000 shares of Common Stock which immediately vests in full
and a ten-year option to purchase 300,000 shares of Common Stock, which becomes exercisable cumulatively as follows: 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 1.00 per share which
became exercisable on February 22, 2022, which was the first anniversary of the date of the agreement; 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 3.00 per share which
became exercisable on February 22, 2023, which was the second anniversary of the date of the agreement; and 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share upon
the third anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we have no employees other
than our chief executive officer, Mr. Jon Scahill. Our employee is not represented by a labor union, and we consider our employee relations
to be good. 

31 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in
this annual report before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in this annual report
include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. The risks set forth below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks
and uncertainties may exist that could also adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. If any of the following risks actually
occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock
could decline, and you may lose all or a significant part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Financial Conditions and Operations 

We have a history of losses and are continuing
to incur losses . During the period from 2008, when we changed our business to become an intellectual property management company,
through December 31, 2022, we generated a cumulative loss of approximately 26.2 million on cumulative revenues of approximately 23.8
million, and our losses are continuing. Our total assets were approximately 1,227,000 at December 31, 2022, of which approximately 1,131,000
represented the book value of patents we acquired from AI in October of 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficiency
of approximately 9,490,000. During 2021 and 2022 our business was impacted by our default under our loans to Intelligent Partners (as
successor to United Wireless), with Intelligent Partners having the ability to declare a default on our notes in the principal amount
of 4,672,810, with the possibility of our seeking protection under the Bankruptcy Act. As a result, we ceased our monetization activities,
since no counsel would represent us on a contingent basis in view of the default and possible bankruptcy, and we devoted our efforts to
negotiating the agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners. We resumed our monetization activities following in February 2021 after
we entered into our agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners. However, the intellectual property monetization cycle is lengthy and
may be unsuccessful. Monetization activities initiated may take several quarters, if not years, to generate revenues if ever. Most of
the revenue for 2021 was generated pursuant to litigation which was commenced prior to 2021. 

Our independent auditors have included a substantial
doubt going concern explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Because
of our history of losses, deficiency in stockholders equity, working capital deficiency and the uncertainty of generating revenues
in the future, our independent auditors have included a substantial doubt going concern explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We require significant funding in order to
develop our business . Our business requires substantial funding to evaluate and acquire intellectual property rights and to develop
and implement programs to monetize our intellectual property rights, including the prosecution of any litigation necessary to enable us
to monetize our intellectual property rights. Our failure to develop and implement these programs could both jeopardize our relationships
under our existing agreements and could inhibit our ability to generate new business, either through the acquisition of intellectual property
rights or through exclusive management agreements. We cannot be profitable unless we are able to obtain the funding necessary to develop
our business, including litigation to monetize our intellectual property. Although we have agreements with QFL and QF3 which provide a
funding to acquire intellectual property rights, QFL or QF3 must approve any intellectual property we acquire and, if QFL or QF3 does
not fund an intellectual property acquisition, we may not be able to acquire and monetize the intellectual property. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain necessary funding or to develop our business. 

32 

The terms of our agreements with QF3, QFL and
Intelligent Partners may make it difficult for us to generate cash flow from our operations . We have an agreement with QFL pursuant
to which QFL agreed to make available to us a financing facility of (i) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent
rights that the Company intends to monetize, of which we have received 2,653,000 as of March 15, 2023; (ii) up to 2,000,000 for operating
expenses from which the Company may, at its discretion, draw up to 200,000 per calendar quarter, of which we have drawn down 2,000,000
as of March 15, 2023, and (iii) 1,750,000 which was used to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent
Partners. We also have an agreement with QF3 pursuant to which QF3 agreed to make available to us a financing facility of (i) up to 25,000,000
for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that the Company intends to monetize: (ii) up to 4,000,000 for operating expenses
from which the Company may, at its discretion, draw up to 500,000 per calendar quarter, of which we have drawn down 500,000 as of March
15, 2023, and (iii) 3,300,000 which was used to fund purchase of a patent portfolio from Tower Semiconductor Ltd. Pursuant to the QFL
and QF3 agreements, QFL and QF3 receive all proceeds payable to us from the monetization of those patents which have been financed by
QFL and QF3, respectively, until QFL and QF3 has received its negotiated rate of return, respectively, then we and QFL and QF3, respectively,
share equally in the proceeds from monetization until QFL and QF3, respectively has received its investment return and thereafter we receive
all of the net proceeds. Pursuant to our restructure agreement with Intelligent Partners, we have an obligation to pay TMPO totaling 2,805,000.
Under our amended monetization proceeds agreements with Intelligent Partners, we pay Intelligent Partners 60 of the net monetization
proceeds from associated intellectual property portfolios. Further, until we have paid Intelligent Partners a total of 2,805,000 under
all of the monetization proceeds agreements, for net proceeds between 0 and 1,000,000 we are to pay Intelligent Partners 10 of the
net proceeds realized from new assets acquired by us, provided, that, if, in any calendar quarter, our net proceeds realized exceed 1,000,000,
Intelligent Partner s entitlement for that quarter shall increase to 30 on the portion of net proceeds in excess of 1,000,000
but less than 3,000,000, and if in the same calendar quarter, net proceeds exceed 3,000,000, Intelligent Partners entitlement
for that quarter shall increase to 50 on the portion of net proceeds in excess of 3,000,000. These payments come from our share of the
proceeds after QFL and QF3 have recovered their negotiated rate of return, respectively. In these agreements, the monetization proceeds
is determined after payment of contingent legal fees and certain other expenses, including payments due by us to as part of the purchase
price for intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that, as a result of these provisions, that we will generate any meaningful
cash flow from the intellectual property we acquire. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from our monetization activities, we may
not be able to fund our operations or continue in business. 

Our business may be impaired by the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the response to the pandemic . Although we do not manufacture or sell products, the COVID-19
pandemic and the work shutdown imposed in the United States and other countries to limit the spread of the virus had a negative impact
on our business. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated from litigation seeking damages for infringement
of our intellectual property rights. The work shutdown affected the court system and the courts operated on a reduced schedule and some
courts may still have a backlog as a result of the pandemic. As a result, deadlines may be postponed which may give defendants an incentive
to delay negotiations or offer a lower amount than they might otherwise accept. In addition, the effect of the COVID-19 and new variants
and subvariants the public response may adversely affect the financial condition and prospects of defendants and potential defendants,
which would make it less likely that they would be willing to settle our claim. 

We are dependent upon our chief executive officer .
We are dependent upon Jon Scahill, our chief executive officer and president and sole full-time employee, for all aspects of our business
including locating, evaluating and negotiating and performing due diligence with respect to intellectual property rights from the owners,
managing our intellectual property portfolios, engaging in licensing activities and monetizing the rights through licensing and managing
and monitoring any litigation with respect to our intellectual property as well as defending any actions by potential licensees seeking
a declaratory judgment that they do not infringe. The loss of Mr. Scahill would materially impair our ability to conduct our business.
Although we have an employment agreement with Mr. Scahill, the employment agreement does not ensure that Mr. Scahill will remain with
us. 

Any equity funding we obtain may
result in significant dilution to our stockholders . Because of our financial position, our continuing losses and our negative working
capital from operations, we do not expect that we will be able to obtain any debt financing for our operations. Our stock price has generally
been trading at a price which is less than 1.00 per share for more than the past two years. As a result, it will be very difficult for
us to raise funds in the equity markets. However, in the event that we are able to raise funds in the equity market, the sale of shares
would result in significant dilution to the present stockholders, and even a modest equity investment could result in the issuance of
a very significant number of shares. 

33 

Risks Relating to Monetizing our Intellectual
Property Rights 

We may not be able to monetize our intellectual
property portfolios . Although our business plan is to generate revenue from our intellectual property portfolios, we have not been
successful in generating any significant positive cash flow from our portfolios, we have not generated any revenues from several of our
intellectual property portfolios and we have ceased allocating resources toward the monetization of several of our portfolios. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to generate any significant revenue from our existing portfolios or that we will be able to acquire new
intellectual property rights that will generate significant revenue. 

If we are not successful in monetizing
our portfolios, we may not be able to continue in business . Although we have ownership of some of our intellectual property, we also
license the rights pursuant to agreements with the owners of the intellectual property. If we are not successful in generating revenue
for those parties who have an interest in the results of our efforts, those parties may seek to renegotiate the terms of our agreements
with them, which could both impair our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property and make it more difficult for us to
obtain rights to new intellectual property rights. If we continue to be unable to generate revenue from our existing intellectual property
portfolios and any new portfolios we may acquire, we may be unable to continue in business. 

If we are not successful in patent litigation,
the defendants may seek to have the court award attorneys fees to them against us which could result in the bankruptcy of the plaintiff
subsidiary and may result in a default under our agreements with QFL and QF3 . The United States patent laws provide that the
court in exceptional cases may award reasonable attorney fees to the prevailing party. Although the patents are owned by our subsidiaries
and any judgment would be awarded against the subsidiaries, the subsidiaries have no assets other than the patent rights. Our funding
sources for our patent litigation do not provide for the funding source to pay any judgment against us. Thus, if any defendants obtain
a judgment against one of our subsidiaries, they may seek to enforce their judgment against the patents owned by the subsidiary or seek
to put the subsidiary into bankruptcy and acquire the patents in the bankruptcy proceeding. As a result, it is possible that an adverse
verdict in a petition for legal fees could result in the loss of the patents owned by the subsidiary and a default under our agreements
with QFL and QF3. 

Our inability to acquire intellectual property
portfolios will impair our ability to generate revenue and develop our business . We do not have the personnel to develop patentable
technology by ourselves. Thus, we need to depend on acquiring rights to intellectual property and intellectual property portfolios from
third parties on an ongoing basis. In acquiring intellectual property rights, there are delays in (i) identifying the intellectual property
which we may want to acquire, (ii) negotiating an agreement with the owner or holder of the intellectual property rights, and (iii) generating
revenue from those intellectual property rights which we acquire. During these periods, we will continue to incur expenses with no assurance
that we will generate revenue. We currently hold intellectual property portfolios from which we have not generated any revenue to date,
and we cannot assure you that we will generate revenue from our existing intellectual property portfolios or any additional intellectual
properties which we may acquire. 

We may be unable to enforce our intellectual
property rights unless we obtain third-party funding . Because of the expense of litigation and our lack of working capital, we may
be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights unless we obtain the agreement of a third-party to provide funding in support of
our litigation. We cannot assure you that QFL, QF3 or any other funding source provide us the any necessary funding, and the failure to
obtain such funding may impair our ability to monetize our intellectual property portfolio or continue in business. 

Because we need to rely on third-party funding
sources to provide us with funds to enforce our intellectual property rights we are dependent upon the perception by potential funding
sources of the value of our intellectual property . Because we do not have funds to pursue litigation to enforce our intellectual property
rights, we are dependent upon the valuation which potential funding sources, which currently is QFL and QF3, give to our intellectual
property or any intellectual property we may acquire. In determining whether to provide funding for intellectual property litigation,
the funding sources need to make an evaluation of the strength of our patents, the likelihood of success, the nature of the potential
defendants and a determination as to whether there is a sufficient potential recovery to justify a significant investment in intellectual
property litigation. Typically, such funding sources receive a percentage of the recovery after litigation expenses, and seek to generate
a sufficient return on investment to justify the investment. Under our agreements with QFL and QF3, QFL and QF3 are allocated all of the
net proceeds (after allowable expenses), respectively, until it has received a negotiated return. Unless QFL, QF3 or any other funding
source believes that it will generate a sufficient return on investment, it will not fund litigation. If QFL or QF3 does not fund our
acquisition or monetization of intellectual property we propose to acquire, we cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate funding
agreements with third-party funding sources on terms reasonably acceptable to us, if at all. Because of our financial condition, we may
only be able to obtain funding on terms which are less favorable to us than we would otherwise be able to obtain. 

34 

Although we have funding agreements with QFL
and QF3, there is no assurance that QFL or QF3 will provide funding for portfolios we are looking to acquire or that we will generate
revenue from any funded litigation . Although the funding sources makes their evaluation as to the likelihood of success, patent litigation
is very uncertain, and we cannot assure you that we will obtain litigation funding or that, if we obtain litigation funding, we will be
successful or that any recovery we may obtain will generate any significant positive cash flow from operations for us. 

Because QFL, QF3 and Intelligent Partners hold
a security interest in almost all of our intellectual property and the proceeds from our intellectual property, we may not be able to
raise funds through a debt financing . Pursuant to our agreements with QFL, QF3 and Intelligent Partners, we granted them a security
interest in the stock of our subsidiaries that hold the intellectual property acquired from Intellectual Ventures and in the proceeds
from the monetization of intellectual property acquired from Intellectual Ventures and our mobile data and financial data portfolios.
The inability to grant a security interest in these assets to a new lender is likely to materially impair our ability to obtain debt financing
for our operations, and may also impair our ability to obtain financing to acquire additional intellectual property rights. 

Because of our financial condition and our
having generated a loss from operations in 2022 and 2021 from our existing portfolios, we may not be able to obtain intellectual property
rights to the most advanced technologies . In order to generate meaningful revenues from intellectual property rights, we need to be
able to identify, negotiate rights to and offer technologies for which there is a developing market. Because of our financial condition
and the terms under which we obtain financing for our litigation, we may be unable to negotiate rights to technology for which there which
will be a strong developing market, or, if we are able to negotiate agreements for such intellectual property, the terms of our purchase
or license may not be favorable to us. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire intellectual property rights
to the technology for which there is a strong market demand. 

Potential acquisitions may present risks, and
we may be unable to achieve the financial or other goals intended at the time of any potential acquisition . Our ability to grow depends,
in large part, on our ability to acquire interests in intellectual property, including patented technologies, patent portfolios, or companies
holding such patented technologies and patent portfolios. Accordingly, we intend to engage in acquisitions to expand our intellectual
property portfolios and we intend to continue to explore such acquisitions. Such acquisitions are subject to numerous risks, including
the following: 

our failure to have sufficient funding to enable us to make
the acquisition, together with the terms on which such funding is available, if at all; 

our failure to have sufficient personal to satisfy the seller
that we have the personnel to monetize the assets we propose to acquire; 

dilution to our stockholders to the extent that we use equity
in connection with any acquisition; 

our inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect
to any potential acquisition, or if we are able to enter into such agreement, our inability to consummate the potential acquisition; 

difficulty integrating the operations, technology and personnel
of the acquired entity; 

35 

our inability to achieve the anticipated financial and other
benefits of the specific acquisition; 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies
during the transition and monetization process; 

diversion of our management s attention from other
business concerns, especially considering that we have only one full-time employee/officer who is responsible for performing due diligence,
negotiating agreements, negotiating funding and implementing a monetization program; and 

our failure, in our due diligence process, to identify significant
issues, including issues with respect to patented technologies and intellectual property portfolios, and other legal and financial contingencies. 

If we are unable to manage these risks and other
risks effectively as part of any acquisition, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our acquisition of intellectual property rights
may be time consuming, complex and costly, which could adversely affect our operating results . Acquisitions of patent or other intellectual
property assets, which are and will be critical to the development of our business, are often time consuming, complex and costly to consummate.
We may utilize many different transaction structures in our acquisitions and the terms of such acquisition agreements tend to be heavily
negotiated. As a result, we expect to incur significant operating expenses and may be required to raise capital during the negotiations
even if the acquisition is ultimately not consummated. Even if we are able to acquire particular intellectual property assets, there is
no guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenue related to those intellectual property assets to offset the acquisition costs. We
may also identify intellectual property assets that cost more than we are prepared to spend with our own capital resources. We may incur
significant costs to organize and negotiate a structured acquisition that does not ultimately result in an acquisition of any intellectual
property assets or, if consummated, proves to be unprofitable for us. These higher costs could adversely affect our operating results. 

If we acquire technologies that are in the
early stages of market development, we may be unable to monetize the rights we acquire . We may acquire patents, technologies and other
intellectual property rights that are in the early stages of adoption in the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. Demand for some
of these technologies will likely be untested and may be subject to fluctuation based upon the rate at which companies may adopt our intellectual
property in their products and services. As a result, there can be no assurance as to whether technologies we acquire or develop will
have value that we can monetize. It may also be necessary for us to develop additional intellectual property and file new patent applications
as the underlying commercial market evolves, as a result of which we may incur substantial costs with no assurance that we will ever be
able to monetize our intellectual property. 

Our intellectual property monetization cycle
is lengthy and costly and may be unsuccessful . We expect to incur significant marketing, legal and sales expenses prior to entering
into monetization events that generate revenue and cash flow from operations for us. We will also spend considerable resources educating
potential licensees on the benefits of entering into an agreement with us that may include a non-exclusive license for future use of our
intellectual property rights. Thus, we may incur significant losses in any particular period before any associated revenue stream begins.
If our efforts to convince potential licensees of the benefits of a settlement arrangement are unsuccessful, we may need to continue with
the litigation process or other enforcement action to protect our intellectual property rights and to realize revenue from those rights.
We may also need to litigate to enforce the terms of existing agreements, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others. Enforcement proceedings are typically protracted and complex. The costs are typically substantial,
and the outcomes are unpredictable. Enforcement actions will divert our managerial, technical, legal and financial resources from business
operations. 

36 

We may not be successful in obtaining judgments
in our favor . We have commenced litigation seeking to monetize our intellectual property portfolios and it will be necessary for us
to commence ligation in the future. All litigation is uncertain, and a number of the actions we commenced have been dismissed by the trial
court. We cannot assure you that any litigation will be decided in our favor or that, if damages are awarded or a license is negotiated,
that we will generate any significant revenue from the litigation or that any recovery may be allocated to counsel and third-party funding
source which may result in little if any revenue to us. 

Our financial condition may cause both intellectual
property rights owners and potential licensees to believe that we do not have the financial resources to commence and prosecute litigation
for infringement . Because of our financial condition, both intellectual property rights owners and potential licensees may believe
that we do not have the ability to commence and prosecute sustained and expensive litigation to protect our intellection rights with the
effect that (i) intellectual property rights owners may be reluctant to grant us rights to their intellectual property and (ii) potential
licensees may be less inclined to pay for license rights from us or settle any litigation we may commence on terms which generate any
meaningful monetization. 

Any patents which may be issued to us pursuant
to patent applications which we filed or may file may fail to give us necessary protection . We cannot be certain that patents will
be issued as a result of any pending or future patent applications, or that any of our patents, once issued, will provide us with adequate
protection from competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared invalid or unenforceable,
or narrowed in scope. In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries,
we cannot be certain that we will be the first to make additional new inventions or to file patent applications covering those inventions.
It is also possible that others may have or may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our products or require
us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. As to those
patents that we may acquire, our continued rights will depend on meeting any obligations to the seller and we may be unable to do so.
Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our inventions would lead to the loss of our investments in such activities,
which would have a material adverse effect on us. 

The provisions of Federal Declaratory Judgment
Act may affect our ability to monetize our intellectual property . Under the Federal Declaratory Judgment Act, it is possible for a
party who we consider to be infringing upon our intellectual property to commence an action against us seeking a declaratory judgment
that such party is not infringing upon our intellectual property rights. In such a case, the plaintiff could choose the court in which
to bring the action and we would be the defendant in the action. Common claims for declaratory judgment in patent cases are claims of
non-infringement, patent invalidity and unenforceability. Although the commencement of an action requires a claim or controversy, a court
may find a letter from us to the alleged infringer seeking a royalty for the use of our intellectual property rights to form the basis
of a controversy. In such a case, the plaintiff, rather than we, would choose the court in which to bring the action and the timing of
the action. In addition, when we commence an action as plaintiff, we may be able to enter into a contingent fee arrangement with counsel,
it is possible that counsel may be less willing to accept such an arrangement if we are the defendant. Further, we would not have the
opportunity of choosing against which party to bring the action. An adverse decision in a declaratory judgment action could significantly
impair our ability to monetize the intellectual property rights which are the subject of the litigation. We have been a defendant in one
declaratory judgment action, which resulted in a settlement. We cannot assure you that potential infringers will not be able to use the
Declaratory Judgment Act to reduce our ability to monetize the patents that are the subject of the action. 

A 2014 Supreme Court decision could significantly
impair business method and software patents . In June 2014, the United States Supreme Court, in Alice v. CLS Bank, struck down patents
covering a computer-implemented scheme for mitigating settlement risk by using a third-party intermediary, holding the patent
claims to be ineligible as being drawn to a patent-ineligible abstract idea. The courts have been dealing for many years over what business
methods are patentable. We cannot predict the extent to which the decision in Alice as well as prior Supreme Court decisions dealing with
patents, will be interpreted by courts. To the extent that the Supreme Court decision in Alice gives businesses reason to believe that
business model and software patents are not enforceable, it may become more difficult for us to monetize patents which are held to be
within the ambit of the patents before the Supreme Court in Alice and for us to obtain counsel willing to represent us on a contingency
basis. As a result, the decision in Alice could materially impair our ability to obtain patent rights and monetize those which we do obtain. 

37 

Legislation, regulations or rules related to
obtaining patents or enforcing patents could significantly increase our operating costs and decrease our revenue . We may apply for
patents and may spend a significant amount of resources to enforce those patents. If legislation, regulations or rules are implemented
either by Congress, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the courts that impact the patent application process, the patent
enforcement process or the rights of patent holders, these changes could negatively affect our expenses and revenue. For example, new
rules regarding the burden of proof in patent enforcement actions could significantly both increase the cost of our enforcement actions
and make it more difficult to sign licenses without litigation, changes in standards or limitations on liability for patent infringement
could negatively impact our revenue derived from such enforcement actions, and any rules requiring that the losing party pay legal fees
of the prevailing party could also significantly increase the cost of our enforcement actions. United States patent laws were amended
with the enactment of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, which took effect on March 16, 2013. The America
Invents Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. In general, the legislation attempts to address issues surrounding
the enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation by, among other things, establishing new procedures for patent litigation.
For example, the America Invents Act changes the way that parties may be joined in patent infringement actions, increasing the likelihood
that such actions will need to be brought against individual parties allegedly infringing by their respective individual actions or activities.
The America Invents Act and its implementation increases the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of our patented technologies,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice has conducted
reviews of the patent system to evaluate the impact of patent assertion entities on industries in which those patents relate. It is possible
that the findings and recommendations of the Department of Justice could impact the ability to effectively license and enforce standards-essential
patents and could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of any such patented technologies. 

Proposed legislation may affect our ability
to conduct our business . There are presently pending or proposed a number of laws which, if enacted, may affect the ability of companies
such as us to generate revenue from our intellectual property rights. Typically, these proposed laws cover legal actions brought by companies
which do not manufacture products or supply services but seek to collect licensing fees based on their intellectual property rights and,
if they are not able to enter into a license, to commence litigation. Although a number of such bills have been proposed in Congress,
we do not know which, if any, bills will be enacted into law or what the provisions will be and, therefore, we cannot predict the effect,
if any, that such laws, if passed by Congress and signed by the president, would provide. However, we cannot assure you that legislation
will not be enacted which would impair our ability to operate by making it more difficult for us to commence litigation against a potential
licensee or infringer. To the extent that an alleged infringer believes that we will not prevail in litigation, it would be more difficult
to negotiate a license agreement without litigation. 

The unpredictability of our revenues may harm
our financial condition . Our revenues from licensing have typically been lump sum payments entered into at the time of the license,
which is typically in connection with the settlement of litigation, and not from licenses that pay an ongoing royalty. Due to the nature
of the licensing business and uncertainties regarding the amount and timing of the receipt of license and other fees from potential infringers,
stemming primarily from uncertainties regarding the outcome of enforcement actions, rates of adoption of our patented technologies, the
growth rates of potential licensees and certain other factors, our revenues, if any, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which
could make our business difficult to manage, adversely affect our business and operating results, cause our quarterly results to fall
below market expectations and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our success depends in part upon our ability
to retain the qualified legal counsel to represent us in patent enforcement litigation . The success of our licensing business may
depend upon our ability to retain the qualified legal counsel to prosecute patent infringement litigation. As our patent enforcement actions
increase, it will become more difficult to find the preferred choice for legal counsel to handle all of our cases because many of these
firms may have a conflict of interest that prevents their representation of us or because they are not willing to represent us on a contingent
or partial contingent fee basis. 

38 

Our reliance on representations, warranties
and opinions of third parties may expose us to certain material liabilities . From time to time, we rely upon the representations and
warranties of third parties, including persons claiming ownership of intellectual property rights, and opinions of purported experts.
In certain instances, we may not have the opportunity to independently investigate and verify the facts upon which such representations,
warranties and opinions are made. By relying on these representation, warranties and opinions, we may be exposed to liability in connection
with the licensing and enforcement of intellectual property and intellectual property rights which could have a material adverse effect
on our operating results and financial condition. 

In connection with patent enforcement actions,
counterclaims may be brought against us, and a court may rule against us in counterclaims which may expose us and our operating subsidiaries
to material liabilities . In connection with patent enforcement actions, it is possible that a defendant may file counterclaims against
us, or a court may rule that we have violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing
standards relating to the substantive or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions
against us or our operating subsidiaries or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to the counterclaiming defendant, which could
be material, and if we or our operating subsidiaries are required to pay such monetary sanctions, attorneys fees and/or expenses,
such payment could materially harm our operating results, our financial position and our ability to continue in business. 

Trial judges and juries may find it difficult
to understand complex patent enforcement litigation, and as a result, we may need to appeal adverse decisions by lower courts in order
to successfully enforce our patents . It is difficult to predict the outcome of patent enforcement litigation at the trial level. It
is often difficult for juries and trial judges to understand complex, patented technologies, and, as a result, there is a higher rate
of successful appeals in patent enforcement litigation than more standard business litigation. Regardless of whether we prevail in the
trial court, appeals are expensive and time consuming, resulting in increased costs and delayed revenue, and attorneys may be less likely
to represent us in an appeal on a contingency basis especially if we are seeking to appeal an adverse decision. Although we may diligently
pursue enforcement litigation, we cannot predict the decisions made by juries and trial courts. 

More patent applications are filed each year
resulting in longer delays in getting patents issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office . We hold a number of pending
patents and may file or acquire rights to additional patent applications. We have identified a trend of increasing patent applications
each year, which we believe is resulting in longer delays in obtaining approval of pending patent applications. The application delays
could cause delays in recognizing revenue, if any, from these patents and could cause us to miss opportunities to license patents before
other competing technologies are developed or introduced into the market. 

U.S. Federal courts are becoming more crowded,
and, as a result, patent enforcement litigation is taking longer . Patent enforcement actions are almost exclusively prosecuted in
federal district courts. In May 2017, the United States Supreme Court, in TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods Groups Brands, held that a corporate
defendant may be sued either in its state of incorporation, or where it has committed acts of infringement and has a regular and established
place of business. To the extent that the Supreme Court decision in TC Heartland concentrates patent litigation in districts within states
popular for business incorporation, such as the Federal District Court for the District of Delaware, such courts may become increasingly
crowded. Federal trial courts that hear patent enforcement actions also hear criminal and other civil cases. Criminal cases always take
priority over patent enforcement actions. As a result, it is difficult to predict the length of time it will take to complete any enforcement
action. Moreover, we believe there is a trend in increasing numbers of civil lawsuits and criminal proceedings, and, as a result, we believe
that the risk of delays in patent enforcement actions will have a significant effect on our business in the future unless this trend changes. 

Any reductions in the funding of the United
States Patent and Trademark Office could have an adverse impact on the cost of processing pending patent applications and the value of
those pending patent applications . Our primary assets are our patent portfolios, including pending patent applications before the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. The value of our patent portfolios is dependent upon the issuance of patents in a timely manner,
and any reductions in the funding of the United States Patent and Trademark Office could negatively impact the value of our assets. Further,
reductions in funding from Congress could result in higher patent application filing and maintenance fees charged by the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, causing an unexpected increase in our expenses. 

39 

The rapid development of technology may impair
our ability to monetize intellectual property that we own . In order for us to generate revenue from our intellectual property, we
need to offer intellectual property that is used in the manufacture or development of products. Rapid technological developments have
reduced the market for products using less advanced technology. To the extent that technology develops in a manner in which our intellectual
property is not a necessary element or to the extent that others design around our intellectual property, our ability to license our intellectual
property portfolios or successfully prosecute litigation will be impaired. We cannot assure you that we will have rights to intellectual
property for most advanced technology or that there will be a market for products which require our technology. 

The intellectual property management business
is highly competitive . A large number of other companies seek to obtain rights to new intellectual property and to market existing
intellectual property. Most of these companies have significantly both greater resources that we have and industry contacts which place
them in a better position to generate new business. Further, our financial position, our lack of executive personnel and our inability
to generate revenue from our portfolio can be used against us by our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining
intellectual property rights to new developing technologies. 

As intellectual property enforcement litigation
becomes more prevalent, it may become more difficult for us to voluntarily license our intellectual property . We believe that the
more prevalent intellectual property enforcement actions become, the more difficult it will be for us to voluntarily license our intellectual
property rights, and we generally have not been successful in negotiating licenses without litigation. As a result, we may need to increase
the number of our intellectual property enforcement actions to cause infringing companies to license the intellectual property or pay
damages for lost royalties. 

Weak global economic conditions may cause potential
licensees to delay entering into licensing agreements, which could prolong our litigation and adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results . Our business depends significantly on strong economic conditions that would encourage potential licensees to
enter into license agreements for our intellectual property rights. The United States and world economies have recently experienced weak
economic conditions and the recent Russian invasion in Ukraine has exacerbated these conditions, including those resulting from inflation
and supply chain line issues. Uncertainty about global economic conditions poses a risk as businesses may postpone spending in response
to tighter credit, negative financial news and declines in income or asset values. This response could have a material adverse effect
on the willingness of parties infringing on our assets to enter into settlements or other revenue generating agreements voluntarily. 

If we are unable to adequately protect our
intellectual property, we may not be able to monetize our intellectual property effectively . Our ability to monetize our intellectual
property depends in part upon the strength of the intellectual property and intellectual property rights that we own or may hereafter
acquire in our technologies, brands and content and our ability to protect such intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination
of patent and intellectual property laws and agreements to establish and protect our patent, intellectual property and other proprietary
rights. The efforts we take to protect our patents, intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective
at stopping unauthorized use of our patents, intellectual property and other proprietary rights. In addition, effective trademark, patent,
copyright and trade secret protection may not be available or cost-effective in every country in which we have rights. There may be instances
where we are not able to protect or utilize our patent and other intellectual property in a manner that maximizes competitive advantage.
If we are unable to protect our patent assets and intellectual property and other proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value
of those assets may be reduced, which could negatively impact our business. Our inability to obtain appropriate protections for our intellectual
property may also allow competitors to enter our markets and produce or sell the same or similar products as those covered by our intellectual
property rights. In addition, protecting our intellectual property and intellectual property rights is expensive and diverts our critical
and limited managerial resources. If any of the foregoing were to occur, or if we are otherwise unable to protect our intellectual property
and proprietary rights, our business and financial results could be impaired. Commencing legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual
property rights is burdensome and expensive. In addition, our intellectual property rights could be at risk if we are unsuccessful in,
or cannot afford to pursue, those proceedings. We also rely on trade secrets and contract law to protect some of our intellectual property
rights. We will enter into confidentiality and invention agreements with our employees and consultants. Nevertheless, these agreements
may not be honored and they may not effectively protect our right to our un-patented trade secrets and know-how. Moreover, others may
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets and
know-how. 

40 

Risks Concerning our Common Stock 

If our stock price falls below 0.01 per share,
our common stock may be delisted from OTCQB . On May 23, 2022, we received notice from OTC Markets Group, that, because the bid price
for our common stock had closed below 0.01 per share for more than 30 consecutive days, we no longer met the Standards for Continued
Eligibility under the OTC listing standards and, if this deficiency is not met by August 21, 2022, our stock would be removed from the
OTCQB marketplace, in which event our common stock will be traded on the OTC Pink market. Our registration rights agreement with QFL provides
that, in the event of a failure to comply with certain covenants, which includes the failure of our common stock to be traded on the OTCQB,
in addition to any other remedies available to QFL, we are to pay to QFL an amount in cash equal to 2.0 of the aggregate value of QFL s
Registrable Securities, as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, whether or not included in such registration statement, on each
of the following dates: (i) the initial day of a maintenance failure; (ii) on the 30th day after the date of such a failure and (iii)
every 30th day thereafter (prorated for periods totaling less than 30 days) until such failure is cured. In July 2022, we amended our
certificate of incorporation to effect a one-for-100 reverse split of our common stock. We subsequently received advice from OTC Markets
Group that the deficiency had been cured. We had previously received a similar notice, and our common stock was taken off the OTCQB effective
August 31, 2020, and it traded on the OTC Pink Market until May 7, 2021 when trading resumed on the OTCQB. We cannot assure you that we
will continue to meet the requirements for continued listing on the OTCQB, including the maintenance of a bid price of at least 0.01
per share. 

There is a limited market for our common stock,
which may make it difficult for you to sell your stock . Our common stock trades on the OTCQB market under the symbol QPRC. 
The OTCQB market is not a national securities exchange and does not provide the benefits to stockholders which a national exchange provides.
Furthermore, according to the OTC Markets website, the OTCQB is for early-stage and developing U.S. and international companies.
To be eligible, companies must be current in their reporting and undergo an annual verification and management certification process.
Companies must meet 0.01 bid test and may not be in bankruptcy. There is a limited trading market for our common stock and our
common stock has frequently traded for less than 0.02. From August 28, 2020 to May 7, 2021 our common stock was delisted from the OTCQB
and traded on the OTC Pink because our stock price fell below 0.01 per share for more than 30 consecutive trading days and on May 23,
2022, we received notice from the OTC Markets Group that our bid price was less than 0.01 for more than 30 consecutive trading days.
As a result of the one-for-100 reverse split, which enabled our common stock to remain listed on the OTCQB, the number of shares in our
public float declined by approximately 99 . Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop
for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell our common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able
to sell our common stock. Further, because of the thin float, the reported bid and asked prices may have little relationship to the price
you would pay if you wanted to buy shares or the price you would receive if you wanted to sell shares. 

Because our common stock is a penny stock,
you may have difficulty selling our common stock in the secondary trading market . Our common stock fits the definition of a penny
stock and therefore is subject to the rules adopted by the SEC regulating broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. The SEC rules may have the effect of reducing trading activity in our common stock making it more difficult for investors to purchase
and sell their shares. The SEC s rules require a broker or dealer proposing to effect a transaction in a penny stock to deliver
the customer a risk disclosure document that provides certain information prescribed by the SEC, including, but not limited to, the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker or dealer must also disclose the aggregate amount of any compensation received
or receivable by him in connection with such transaction prior to consummating the transaction. In addition, the SEC s rules also
require a broker or dealer to make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction before completion of the transaction. The existence of the SEC s
rules may result in a lower trading volume of our common stock and lower trading prices. Further, some broker-dealers will not process
transactions in penny stocks. Many brokers do not trade in penny stocks and stocks that are not listed on a stock exchange. 

Our lack of internal controls over financial
reporting may affect the market for and price of our common stock . Our disclosure controls and our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective because of material weaknesses. Since we became engaged in the intellectual property management business in
2008, we have not had the financial resources or personnel to develop or implement systems that would provide us with the necessary information
on a timely basis so as to be able to implement financial controls. Our continued poor financial condition together with the fact that
we have one full time employee, who is both our chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer, makes it difficult for us
to implement a system of internal controls over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop and implement
the necessary controls. The absence of internal controls over financial reporting may inhibit investors from purchasing our shares and
may make it more difficult for us to raise debt or equity financing. 

41 

Our lack of a full-time chief financial officer
could affect our ability to develop financial controls, which could affect the market price for our common stock . We do not have a
full-time chief financial officer. At present, our chief executive officer, who does not have an accounting background, is also acting
as our chief financial officer. We do not anticipate that we will be able to hire a qualified chief financial officer unless our financial
condition improves significantly. The lack of an experienced chief financial officer, together with our lack of internal controls, may
impair our ability to raise money through a debt or equity financing, the market for our common stock and our ability to enter into agreements
with owners of intellectual property rights. 

Our stock price may be volatile and your investment
in our common stock could suffer a decline in value . As of the date of this annual report, there has only been limited trading activity
in our common stock. There can be no assurance that any significant market will ever develop in our common stock. Because of the low public
float and the absence of any significant trading volume, the reported prices may not reflect the price at which you would be able to sell
shares if you want to sell any shares you own or buy shares if you wish to buy share. Further, stocks with a low public float may be more
subject to manipulation than a stock that has a significant public float. The price may fluctuate significantly in response to a number
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following, in addition to the risks
described above and general market and economic conditions: 

our low stock price, which may result in a modest dollar
purchase or sale of our common stock having a disproportionately large effect on the stock price; 

the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the response to the
pandemic on the market both generally and on penny stocks; 

the market s perception as to our ability to generate
positive cash flow or earnings from our intellectual property portfolios; 

changes in our or securities analysts estimate of
our financial performance; 

our ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing
for operations and for the monetization of our intellectual property rights; 

the market s perception of the effects of legislation
or court decisions on our business; 

the market s perception that a defendant may obtain
a judgement against a subsidiary and foreclose on the intellectual property of the subsidiary, which may result in a default under our
agreements with QFL and QF3 and, even if a default is not claimed, QFL or QF3 may not provide financing for us; 

the effects or perceived effects of the potential convertibility
of convertible notes issued by us; 

the results or anticipated results of litigation by or against
us; 

the anticipated or actual results of our operations; 

events or conditions relating to the enforcement of intellectual
property rights generally; 

43 

changes in market valuations of other intellectual property
marketing companies; 

any discrepancy between anticipated or projected results
and actual results of our operations; 

the market s perception or our ability to continue
to make our filings with the SEC in a timely manner; 

actions by third parties to either sell or purchase stock
in quantities which would have a significant effect on our stock price; and 

other matters not within our control. 

Raising funds by issuing equity or convertible
debt securities could dilute the value of the common stock and impose restrictions on our working capital . If we were to raise additional
capital by issuing equity securities, either alone or in connection with a non-equity financing, the value of the then outstanding common
stock could decline. If the additional equity securities were issued at a per share price less than the per share value of the outstanding
shares, which is customary in the private placement of equity securities, the holders of the outstanding shares would suffer a dilution
in value with the issuance of such additional shares. Because of the low price of our stock and our working capital deficiency, the dilution
to our stockholders could be significant. We may have difficulty in raising funds through the sale of debt securities because of both
our financial position, the lack of any collateral on which a lender may place a value, and the absence of any history of significant
monetizing of our intellectual property rights. If we are able to raise funds from the sale of debt securities, the lenders may impose
restrictions on our operations and may impair our working capital as we service any such debt obligations. 

Because we have a classified board of directors,
it may be more difficult for a third-party to obtain control of us . As a result of the approval by our stockholders of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is a classified board, which means that at each annual meeting, the
stockholder will vote for only one-third of the board. A classified board of directors may make it more difficult for a third-party to
gain control of us which may affect the opportunity of our stockholders to receive any potential benefit which could be available from
a third-party seeking to obtain control over us. 

We do not intend to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future . We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own or lease any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable 

44 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades on the OTCQB market under
the symbol QPRC. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders of Record 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 417 record holders
of our common stock. 

Transfer Agent 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
One State Street, 30th floor, New York, New York 10004-1561 is the transfer agent for our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends to date and
do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all
available funds for the development of our business. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Agreements 

The following table gives information concerning
common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options granted to certain officers, directors and consultants under their respective
individual compensation agreements with us as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Agreements Information 
 
 Plan category 
 Number
of securities to 
be issued upon exercise 
of outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 (#) 
 Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants, and rights ) 
 Number
of securities 
remaining available for 
future issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected in 
column a) (#) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 900,000 
 
 1,760,000 
 
 Total 
 900,000 
 
 1,760,000 

A summary of the status of our equity grants and
changes is set forth below: 

(1) On November 10, 2017, the board of directors adopted the
2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant to which we can issue up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to
non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives. On February 19, 2021, the board of directors
amended the Plan increasing the shares we can issue under the plan to 5,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to non-qualified stock
options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives, and the amendment to the Plan became effective upon the closing of
the agreements with QFL, which was February 22, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 1,760,000 shares are available under the plan. 

45 

In connection with the increase in the shares
of common stock issuable pursuant to the plan, the board in 2021; 

granted restricted stock grants for 100,000 shares, which
vested immediately, to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants; 

granted restricted stock grants for a total of 690,000 shares
to our directors, Jon C. Scahill (490,000 shares), Timothy J. Scahill (100,000 shares) and Dr. William R. Carroll (100,000 shares) as
compensation for services rendered; 

granted a restricted stock grant to Ryan T. Logue for 50,000
shares upon his acceptance of his appointment as a director; 

granted ten-year non-qualified stock options to purchase
300,000 shares to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants, the options to vest as provided in their agreements; 

granted a ten-year non-qualified stock option to purchase
600,000 shares to Jon C. Scahill, which vest in installments as described under Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We did not sell any unregistered securities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 other than issuances that were reported in our SEC filings. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and related notes
included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
See Forward-Looking Statements and "Risk Factors." Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

Our principal operations include the development,
acquisition, licensing and enforcement of intellectual property rights that are either owned or controlled by us or one of our wholly
owned subsidiaries. We currently own, control or manage eighteen intellectual property portfolios, which principally consist of patent
rights. As part of our intellectual property asset management activities and in the ordinary course of our business, it has been necessary
for either us or the intellectual property owner who we represent to initiate, and it is likely to continue to be necessary to initiate
patent infringement lawsuits and engage in patent infringement litigation. We anticipate that our primary source of revenue will come
from the grant of licenses to use our intellectual property, including licenses granted as part of the settlement of patent infringement
lawsuits. 

Our business, like all businesses at the present
time, are affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken by states to seek to reduce the spread of the virus. Although we do not
manufacture or sell products, the COVID-19 pandemic and the work shutdown imposed in the United States and other countries to limit the
spread of the virus can have a negative impact on our business. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated
from litigation seeking damages for infringement of our intellectual property rights. The work shutdown has affected the court system,
with courts operating on a reduced schedule. As a result, patent infringement actions are likely to be lower priority items in allocation
of court resources, with the effect that deadlines are likely to be postponed which delays may give defendants an incentive to delay negotiations
or offer a lower amount than they might otherwise accept. These delays continue to have an effect on the court system as a result of the
backlog that developed as a result of court closures. In addition, the effect of the COVID-19 and the public response may adversely affect
the financial condition and prospects of defendants and potential defendants, which would make it less likely that they would be willing
to settle our claim. A number of defendants and potential defendants have filed to take advantage of the Bankruptcy Act or have announced
that they may consider such action. If any defendant filed for protection under the Bankruptcy Act, the action would be stayed and we
may not be able to obtain a judgment or recover on any judgment. 

46 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the response to limit
the spread of the infection may affect the financial condition of financing sources and the willingness of potential financing sources
to provide funding for our litigation. In addition, these factors may affect a law firms ability and willingness to provide us
with legal services on a contingent or partial contingent. The possibility that a defendant may seek protection under the Bankruptcy Act
may make it less likely that a financing source would finance the litigation or that a law firm would work on a contingency or modified
contingency basis. Further, as the population of the United States becomes vaccinated and restrictions that had been imposed to address
the pandemic are lifted, we cannot assure you that our revenue will increase as a result of the reduction of such restrictions, including
courts being open for longer hours and for in person hearings. 

Further, to the extent that holders of intellectual
property rights see these factors impacting our ability to generate revenue from their intellectual property, they may be reluctant to
sell intellectual property to us on terms which are acceptable to us, if at all. 

We seek to generate revenue from patent licensing
fees relating to our intellectual property portfolio, which includes fees from the licensing of our intellectual property, primarily from
litigation relating to enforcement of our intellectual property rights. All of the revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
were from patent licensing fees pursuant to the settlement of patent infringement lawsuits, of which approximately 100 was paid to the
patent seller, funding sources and legal counsel pursuant to our agreements with patent sellers, funding sources and legal counsel. 

Because of the nature of our business transactions
to date, we recognize revenues from licensing upon execution of a license agreement following settlement of litigation and not over the
life of the patent. Thus, we would recognize revenue when we receive the license fee or settlement payment. Although we intend to seek
to develop portfolios of intellectual property rights that provide us for a continuing stream of revenue, to date we have not been successful
in doing so, and we do not anticipate that we will be able to generate any significant revenue from licenses that provide a continuing
stream of revenue. Thus, to the extent that we continue to generate cash from single payment licenses, our revenue can, and is likely
to, vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Our gross profit from license fees reflects any royalties which we pay
in connection with our license. 

It is generally necessary to commence litigation
in order to obtain a recovery for past infringement of, or to license the use of, our intellectual property rights. Intellectual property
litigation is very expensive, with no certainty of any recovery. To the extent possible we seek to engage counsel on a contingent fee
or partial contingent fee basis, which significantly reduces our litigation cost, but which also reduces the value of the recovery to
us. We do not have the resources to enable us to fund the cost of litigation. To the extent that we cannot fund litigation ourselves,
we may enter into an agreement with a third-party funding source. Our agreements with the funding sources typically provide that the funding
source pays the litigation costs and that the funding source receives a percentage of the recovery, thus reducing our recovery in connection
with any settlement of the litigation. In view of our limited cash and our working capital deficiency, we are not able to institute any
monetization program that may require litigation unless we engage counsel on a fully contingent basis, or we obtain funding from third-party
funding sources. In these cases, counsel may be afforded a greater participation in the recovery and the third-party that funds the litigation
would be entitled to participate in any recovery. To the extent that we have agreements with counsel and/or litigation funding sources
pursuant to which payments made to them represent a portion of the gross recovery, and such payment is contingent upon a recovery, our
revenue from litigation reflects the gross recovery from litigation as licensing fees, and payments to counsel and/or litigation funding
sources are reflected as cost of revenue. 

Because we were in default under our loans to
Intelligent Partners (as successor to United Wireless), with Intelligent Partners having the ability to declare a default on our notes
in the principal amount of 4,672,810, and with the possibility of our seeking protection under the Bankruptcy Act, we ceased our monetization
activities, since no counsel would represent us on a contingent basis and no potential funding source would provide us with funding in
view of the default and possible bankruptcy, and we devoted our efforts in negotiating the agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners.
We resumed our monetization activities in February 2021 after we entered into our agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners. However,
the intellectual property monetization cycle is lengthy and may ultimately be unsuccessful. 

47 

Agreements with QF3, QFL and Intelligent Partners 

On March 12, 2023, we entered into a funding agreement
with QF3. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with QF3, QF3
agreed to make available to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that
we intend to monetize; (b) up to 4,000,000 for operating expenses, of which the we have requested and received 500,000 as of March 31,
2023; and (iii) 3,300,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the purchase price of a patent portfolio acquired from Tower. In return
we transferred to QF3 a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. We used 3,300,000
proceeds from the QF3 financing as the cash payment portion of the purchase price of a portfolio acquired from Tower. Our obligations
to QF3 are secured by the proceeds from the patents acquired with their funding, the patents and all general intangibles now or hereafter
arising from or related to the foregoing and the proceeds and products of the foregoing. See Item 1. Business Agreements with
QPRC Finance III LLC QF3 for a description of the agreements with QF3. 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into a funding
agreement with QFL and a restructure agreement with Intelligent Partners. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with QFL, QFL
agreed to make available to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that
we intend to monetize, of which 2,653,000 has been advanced as of March 31, 2023; (b) up to 2,000,000 for operating expenses, of which
the we have requested and received 2,000,000 as of March 31, 2023; and (iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure
of our obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return we transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from
the monetization of those patents. We used 1,750,000 of proceeds from the QFL financing as the cash payment portion of the restructure
of our obligations to Intelligent Partners. Our obligations to QFL are secured by the proceeds from the patents acquired with their funding,
the patents and all general intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing and the proceeds and products of the
foregoing. We also granted QFL a ten-year warrant to purchase a total of up to 962,463 shares of our common stock, with an exercise price
of 0.54 per share which may be exercised through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis, subject to certain limitations on exercisability.
See Item 1. Business Agreements with QFL for a description of the agreements with QFL 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the agreement
with QFL, we entered into a restructure agreement with Intelligent Partners to eliminate any obligations we had with respect to the outstanding
notes and the securities purchase agreement. As part of the restructure of our agreements with Intelligent Partners, we amended the existing
MPAs and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from any new intellectual property we acquire. Under
these MPAs, Intelligent Partners receives a 60 interest in the proceeds from our intellectual property owned by the eight Subsidiary
Guarantors. Intelligent Partners also participates in the monetization proceeds from new intellectual property that we acquire until the
total payments under all the monetization participation agreements equal 2,805,000, as follows: for net proceeds between 0 and 1,000,000,
Intelligent Partners receives 10 of the net proceeds realized from new patents, except that if, in any calendar quarter, net proceeds
realized by us exceed 1,000,000, Intelligent Partners entitlement for that quarter only shall increase to 30 on the portion of
net proceeds in excess of 1,000,000 but less than 3,000,000. If in the same calendar quarter, net proceeds exceed 3,000,000, Intelligent
Partners entitlement for that quarter only shall increase to 50 on the portion of net proceeds in excess of 3,000,000. The payments
with respect to the new patents terminate once total payments to Intelligent Partners under all monetization participation agreements
reach 2,805,000. The payments to Intellectual Partners with respect new patents are payable from the proceeds which are allocated to
us under the QFL agreements, which start after QFL has received a negotiated rate of return. See Item 1 Business Agreements for
Intelligent Partners for a description of the agreements with Intellectual Partners. 

Inventor Royalties, Contingent Litigation Funding
Fees and Contingent Legal Expenses 

In connection with the investment in certain patents
and patent rights, certain of our operating subsidiaries executed agreements which grant to the former owners of the respective patents
or patent rights, the right to receive inventor royalties based on future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements) generated
as a result of licensing and otherwise enforcing the respective patents or patent portfolios. 

Our operating subsidiaries may engage third-party
funding sources to provide funding for patent licensing and enforcement. The agreements with the third-party funding sources may provide
that the funding source receives a portion of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments. In certain instances, these third-party funding
sources are entitled to receive a significant percentage of any proceeds realized until the third-party funder has recouped agreed upon
amounts based on formulas set forth in the underlying funding agreement, which may reduce or delay and proceeds due to us. 

Our operating subsidiaries may retain the services
of law firms in connection with their licensing and enforcement activities. These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis
whereby the law firms are paid by the funding source on a scaled percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded based
on how and when the fees, settlements or judgments are obtained. Depending on the amount of any recovery, it is possible that all the
proceeds from a specific settlement may be paid to the funding source and legal counsel. 

48 

The economic terms of the inventor agreements,
funding agreements and contingent legal fee arrangements associated with the patent portfolios owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries,
if any, including royalty rates, proceeds sharing rates, contingent fee rates and other terms, vary across the patent portfolios owned
or controlled by the operating subsidiaries. Inventor royalties, payments to non-controlling interests, payments to third-party funding
providers and contingent legal fees expenses fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms
and conditions of revenue agreements executed each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations
generating revenues each period. Inventor royalties, payments to third-party funding sources and contingent legal fees expenses will continue
to fluctuate and may continue to vary significantly period to period, based primarily on these factors. 

In December 2018, we entered into a funding agreement
whereby a third-party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to support our structured licensing programs for the CMOS and M-RED portfolios.
Under the funding agreement, the third-party receives an interest in the proceeds from the programs, and we have no other obligation to
the third-party. As of December 31, 2021, the third-party funding source advanced 150,000 for costs and expenses, and has no further
obligation to provide additional funds. Under the terms of the funding agreement, the third-party funder is entitled to a priority return
of funds advanced from net proceeds recovered. There are no pending actions. 

In connection with any litigation seeking to enforce
our intellectual property rights, it is possible that a defendant may request and/or a court may rule that an operating subsidiary has
violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing standards relating to the substantive
or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions against us or its operating subsidiaries
or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to a defendant(s), which could be material, and if required to be paid by us or its operating
subsidiaries, could materially harm our operating results and financial position. Since the operating subsidiaries do not have any assets
other than the patents, and the Company does not have any available financial resources to pay any judgment which a defendant may obtain
against a subsidiary, such a judgement may result in the bankruptcy of the subsidiary and/or the loss of the patents, which are the subsidiaries 
only assets. 

At present, we are pursuing litigation with respect
to several of our intellectual property portfolios. The actions are described in Item 1. Business. We cannot estimate when or whether
we will receive any revenue from these litigations, or whether, in the event we do not prevail, the defendant will not obtain an award
of legal fees against our plaintiff subsidiary which could result in the bankruptcy of the subsidiary and a default under our agreements
with QFL and Intelligent Partners. 

Restricted Stock Grants and Options 

In February 2021, we issued restricted stock grants
to consultants (300,000 shares) and to our officers and directors (740,000 shares) all of which vested immediately. The value of the shares
is be reflected as non-cash compensation in 2021. Also in February 2021, we granted restricted stock options to consultants (900,000 shares)
and to our chief executive officer (600,000 shares). With respect to two of the consultants and the chief executive officer the options
become cumulatively exercisable as follows: 1/3rd at an exercise price of 1.00 per share, becoming exercisable upon the commencement
of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB; 1/3rd at an exercise price of 3.00 per share becoming exercisable on the first day on which
we file with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q with stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000; and 1/3rd at an exercise price of
 5.00 per share on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange.
We will incur non-cash compensation with respect to the value of the options, based of Black-Scholes valuation, as the options become
exercisable. 

Effects of Possible Delisting of Common Stock
on OTCQB 

On May 23, 2022, we received notice from OTC Markets
Group, that, because the bid price for our common stock had closed below 0.01 per share for more than 30 consecutive days, we no longer
met the Standards for Continued Eligibility under the OTC listing standards and, if this deficiency is not met by August 21, 2022, our
stock would be removed from the OTCQB marketplace, in which event our common stock will be traded on the OTC Pink market. Our registration
rights agreement with QFL provides that, in the event of a failure to comply with certain covenants, which includes the failure of our
common stock to be traded on the OTCQB, in addition to any other remedies available to QFL, we are to pay to QFL an amount in cash equal
to 2.0 of the aggregate value of QFL s Registrable Securities, as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, whether or not
included in such registration statement, on each of the following dates: (i) the initial day of a maintenance failure; (ii) on the 30th
day after the date of such a failure and (iii) every 30th day thereafter (prorated for periods totaling less than thirty (30) days) until
such failure is cured. In July 2022, we amended our certificate of incorporation to effect a one-for-100 reverse split of our common stock.
We subsequently received advice from OTC Markets Group that the deficiency had been cured. We had previously received a similar notice,
and our common stock was taken off the OTCQB effective August 31, 2020, and it traded on the OTC Pink Market until May 7, 2021 when trading
resumed on the OTCQB. We cannot assure you that we will continue to meet the requirements for continued listing on the OTCQB, including
the maintenance of a bid price of at least 0.01 per share. 

49 

Portfolios 

In August 2021, STX brought a patent infringement
suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Yamaha Corporation and Steinberg Media Technologies GMBH. In March
2022, STX brought a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Parrot SA, Delair SAS, Drone
Volt, SA, EHang Holdings Limited and Flyability SA. In July 2022, STX brought a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District for the
Eastern District of Texas against FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation et al As of December 31, 2022 the matter against FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation
et al has been stayed pending settlement. The matters against Yamaha Corporation, Steinberg Media Technologies GMBH, Parrot SA, Drone
Volt, SA, Delair SAS and Flyability SA have been resolved, and revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes revenue from
any related settlement. 

In September 2021, M-RED Inc. brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Biostar Microtech International Corp. and Giga-Byte Technology Co.,
Ltd. As of December 31, 2022, those matters have been resolved, and revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes revenue
from any related settlements. 

In November 2021, TLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Trend Micro Incorporated. In March 2022, Trend Micro, Inc. filed
a complaint against TLL in the U.S. District for the Western District of Texas seeking declaratory judgement of non-infringement of the
patents in suit. In February 2022, TLL brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against
Checkpoint Software Technologies Ltd. and Palo Alto Networks, Inc. In March 2022, TLL voluntarily dismissed, without prejudice, the action
against Palo Alto Networks, Inc. In March 2022, Palo Alto Networks, Inc. filed a complaint against TLL and the Company in the U.S. District
for the Southern District of New York seeking declaratory judgement of non-infringement of the patents in suit. In May 2022, Trend Micro
Inc. filed a motion with the Panel on Multidistrict Litigation seeking to have the pending actions consolidated into a centralized multidistrict
litigation for pretrial proceedings. In August 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated all actions in the U.S.
District for the Eastern District of Texas. In October 2022, TLL brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern
District of Texas against Fortinet, inc., Crowdstrike, Inc. et.al., and Musarubra US, LLC. 

In March 2022, LSC brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Microsoft Corporation, Google LLC, Cisco Systems, Inc. and Amazon.com,
Inc. et.al. In November 2022, Google LLC filed a petition before the patent trial and appeal board for inter partes review of US Patent
No. 10,154,092. 

On January 27, 2022, the Company acquired, via
assignment from Intellectual Ventures Assets 181 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 174 LLC, all right title and interest to four patent
portfolios consisting of fifteen United States patents and three foreign patents for a purchase price of 1,060,000. The Company requested
and received a capital advance in the amount of the 1,060,000 purchase price from the facility with QFL. The patents were assigned to
our wholly owned subsidiaries Tyche Licensing LLC and Deepwell IP LLC. In May 2022, Tyche brought patent infringement suits in the U.S.
District for the Eastern District of Texas against MediaTek Inc., Realtek Semiconductor Corporation, Texas Instruments Incorporated, Infineon
Technologies AG and STMicroelectronics NV et. al. In May 2022, Tyche voluntarily dismissed, without prejudice, the action against STMicroelectronics
NV et .al. In May 2022, STMicroelectronics, Inc. filed an action for declaratory judgement of non-infringement in the U.S. District for
the Northern District of Texas, the action was dismissed without prejudice in July 2022. In September 2022, the action against Texas Instruments
Incorporated was dismissed with prejudice. As of December 31, 2022 the actions against MediaTek Inc. and Infineon Technologies AG
have been stayed pending settlement discussions, which are pending. 

In June 2022, MML and AI agreed to amend the Purchase
Agreement to add two additional patent families for an additional 92,000. We requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the
amount of 92,000, which we used to make payment to AI in August 2022 pursuant to the amendment to the Purchase Agreement. 

In July 2022, EDI acquired, via assignment from
Edward D. Ioli Trust, all right title and interest to a portfolio of five United States patents relating to a system and method for controlling
vehicles and for providing assistance to operated vehicles EDI Portfolio for a purchase price consisting of 50 of the
net proceeds resulting from monetization of the EDI Portfolio. 

In July 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement
with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company for the purchase of eight United States Patents
for a purchase price of 350,000. We paid 35,000 upon execution of the agreement with the balance payable within 30 days. We requested
and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of 350,000, which was used to make payment of the balance in August 2022 pursuant
to the terms of the purchase agreement. 

50 

Results of Operations 

The years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues (patent licensing fees) 
 451,194 
 2,050,000 
 
 Cost of revenue (litigation and licensing expenses) 
 303,671 
 1,314,928 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 1,979,718 
 3,848,611 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,832,195 
 (3,113,539 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 1,850,018 
 
 Gain on settlement of accounts payable 
 
 1,725,965 
 
 Warrant expense 
 
 (1,154,905 
 
 Change in fair market value of warrant liability 
 1,490,759 
 (481,282 
 
 Loss on conversion of debt 
 
 (305,556 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 (730,378 
 
 Loss on impairment of assets 
 
 (1,651,614 
 
 Interest expense 
 (413,333 
 (291,702 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 1,077,426 
 (1,039,454 

Loss before income tax 
 (754,769 
 (4,152,993 

Income tax benefit (expense) 
 1,253 
 (1,806 

Net loss 
 (753,516 
 (4,154,799 

We generated revenues of approximately 451,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,050,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022 was generated from licenses pursuant to the settlement of patent infringement lawsuits in the M-RED, AMI and STX portfolios. Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the licenses granted pursuant to the settlement of patent infringement lawsuits in
the CXT Portfolio, the M-RED Portfolio, the Peregrin Portfolio and the Soundstreak Portfolio litigations. Cost of revenue for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 304,000 and 1,315,000, respectively. The timing and amount of our revenue is dependent
upon the results of litigation seeking to enforce our intellectual property rights, and we cannot predict when or whether we will have
a recovery and how much of the recovery will be received by us after payments to legal counsel, to our funding sources, to inventors/former
patent owners and to Intelligent Partners who have an interest in our share of the recovery from certain patent portfolios after deducting
payments due to counsel and the litigation funding source. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by approximately 1,869,000, or approximately 49 , compared to the year ended December,
2021. Our principal expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was amortization of intangible assets of approximately 910,000 and
professional fees of 513,000. Our compensation expense includes stock-based compensation of approximately 117,000 and 1,916,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other income and expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 included a gain on change in fair value of warrant liability of approximately 1,491,000. We realized a loss on change in fair
value of warrant liability of approximately 481,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The fair value of the warrant liability is
affected by the price of our common stock, so the liability increases as the stock price goes up, resulting in an expense, and decreases
as the stock price goes down resulting in income from change in warrant liability. Other expense also reflects interest expense of approximately
 413,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and approximately 292,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest
expense reflects the accrued interest payable on the principal amount of QFL facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we realized
a gain on settlement of accounts payable of approximately 1,726,000 and a gain on forgiveness of debt of approximately 1,850,000. Other
expense during year ended December 31, 2021 also included an approximately 730,000 loss on extinguishment of debt, an approximately 306,000
loss on conversion of debt, an approximately 1,652,000 loss on impairment of assets, and warrant expense of approximately 1,155,000. 

51 

We incurred income tax benefit (expense) of approximately
 1,000 and (2,000) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As a result of the foregoing, we realized a net
loss of approximately 754,000, or 0.14 per share (basic and diluted), for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net loss of
approximately 4,155,000, or 0.81 per share (basic and diluted), for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had current assets
of approximately 96,000, and current liabilities of approximately 9,586,000. Our current liabilities include funding liabilities of
approximately 5,453,000 payable to QFL, a non-interest bearing total monetization proceeds obligation (the TMPO to Intelligent
Partners in the amount of approximately 2,797,000 under the Restructure Agreement, both of which are only payable from money generated
from the monetization of intellectual property, loans payable of approximately 138,000, accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately
 149,000, warrant liability of approximately 145,000, and accrued interest of approximately 905,000. As of December 31, 2022, we have
an accumulated deficit of approximately 26,189,000 and a negative working capital of approximately 9,490,000. Other than salary and
pension benefits to our chief executive officer, we do not contemplate any other material operating expense requiring cash in the near
future other than normal general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our status as a public company filing reports
with the SEC. 

The following table shows the summary cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 (914,178 
 (49,673 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 (1,502,000 
 (1,150,000 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 2,241,939 
 1,216,651 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (174,239 
 16,978 
 
 Cash at beginning of year 
 264,840 
 247,862 
 
 Cash at end of year 
 90,601 
 264,840 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful
in generating future revenues, in obtaining additional debt or equity financing or that such additional debt or equity financing will
be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or that we will be able to obtain any third-party funding the
value of anything received from the monetization of the intellectual property rights covered by the Security Agreement; in connection
with any of our intellectual property portfolios or that we will receive any of the proceeds of any litigation settlements after making
all required payments to counsel and funding sources and payments to Intelligent Partners. We have no credit facilities. Although our
agreements provide for QFL or QF3 to provide us with funding to acquire intellectual property rights, subject to QFL s or QF3 s
approval, it does not provide for financing the litigation necessary for the monetization of the intellectual property rights. We do not
have any credit facilities or any arrangements for us to finance the litigation necessary to monetize our intellectual property rights
other than contingent fee arrangements with counsel with respect to our pending litigation. If we do not secure contingent representation
or obtain litigation financing, we may be unable to monetize our intellectual property. 

We cannot predict the success of any pending or
future litigation. Typically, our agreements with the funding sources provide that the funding sources will participate in any recovery
which is generated. We believe that our financial condition, our history of losses and negative cash flow from operations, and our low
stock price make it difficult for us to raise funds in the debt or equity markets. 

As noted below, there is a substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

52 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates including the allowance for doubtful
accounts, income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Management believes the following critical accounting
policies affect the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with US GAAP and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X of the SEC, and present the financial statements of the Company and our wholly-owned
and majority-owned subsidiaries. In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, intercompany transactions and balances are
eliminated. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets consist of patents which are
amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives or statutory lives whichever is shorter and are reviewed for
impairment upon any triggering event that may impact the assets' ultimate recoverability as prescribed under the guidance related to impairment
of long-lived assets. Costs incurred to acquire patents, including legal costs, are also capitalized as long-lived assets and amortized
on a straight-line basis with the associated patent. 

Patents include the cost of patents or patent
rights (collectively patents acquired from third-parties or acquired in connection with business combinations. Patent acquisition
costs are amortized utilizing the straight-line method over their remaining economic useful lives, ranging from one to ten years. Certain
patent application and prosecution costs incurred to secure additional patent claims, that based on management s estimates are deemed
to be recoverable, are capitalized and amortized over the remaining estimated economic useful life of the related patent portfolio. 

Warrant Liability 

We reflect a warrant liability with respect to
warrants for which the number of shares underlying the warrants is not fixed until the date of the initial exercise. The amount of the
liability is determined at the end of each fiscal period and the period-to-period change in the amount of warrant liability is reflected
as a gain or loss in warrant liability and is included under other income (expense). 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis. ASC 820 establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to existing US GAAP that require the use of
fair value measurements which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs
or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for
which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

In addition, FASB ASC 825-10-25 Fair Value
Option was effective for January 1, 2008. ASC 825-10-25 expands opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting
and permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. 

53 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation pursuant
to ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based
payment transactions in which employee and non-employee services, are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing
or offering to issue shares, options and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.
Stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial
statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services
in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 

Long-Lived Assets 

We review for impairment whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable, pursuant to guidance established in ASC 360-10-35-15, Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . We recognize an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less
than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s estimated fair
value and its book value. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred
to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or
services. Under Topic 606, revenue is recognized when there is a contract which has commercial substance which is approved by both parties
and identifies the rights of the parties and the payment terms. We adopted Topic 606 as of January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective
transition method, with no impact on the consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Patent Licensing Fees 

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control
of promised bundled intellectual property rights and other contractual performance obligations to licensees in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those intellectual property rights. Revenue contracts that provide promises to
grant the right to use intellectual property rights as they exist at the point in time at which the intellectual property
rights are granted, are accounted for as performance obligations satisfied at a point in time and revenue is recognized at the point in
time that the applicable performance obligations are satisfied and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

For the periods presented, revenue contracts executed
by us primarily provided for the payment of contractually determined, one-time, paid-up license fees in consideration for the grant of
certain intellectual property rights for patented technologies owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries. Intellectual property
rights granted included the following, as applicable: (i) the grant of a non-exclusive, retroactive and future license to manufacture
and/or sell products covered by patented technologies, (ii) a covenant-not-to-sue, (iii) the release of the licensee from certain claims,
and (iv) the dismissal of any pending litigation. The intellectual property rights granted were perpetual in nature, extending until the
legal expiration date of the related patents. The individual intellectual property rights are not accounted for as separate performance
obligations, as (a) the nature of the promise, within the context of the contract, is to transfer combined items to which the promised
intellectual property rights are inputs and (b) our promise to transfer each individual intellectual property right described above to
the customer is not separately identifiable from other promises to transfer intellectual property rights in the contract. 

54 

Since the promised intellectual property rights
are not individually distinct, we combined each individual IP right in the contract into a bundle of IP rights that is distinct, and accounted
for all of the intellectual property rights promised in the contract as a single performance obligation. The intellectual property rights
granted were functional IP rights that have significant standalone functionality. Our subsequent activities do not substantively
change that functionality and do not significantly affect the utility of the IP to which the licensee has rights. Our subsidiaries have
no further obligation with respect to the grant of intellectual property rights, including no express or implied obligation to maintain
or upgrade the technology, or provide future support or services. The contracts provide for the grant (i.e. transfer of control) of the
licenses, covenants-not-to-sue, releases, and other significant deliverables upon execution of the contract. Licensees legally obtain
control of the intellectual property rights upon execution of the contract. As such, the earnings process is complete and revenue is recognized
upon the execution of the contract, when collectability is probable and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue
contracts generally provide for payment of contractual amounts within 30-90 days of execution of the contract. Contractual payments made
by licensees are generally non-refundable. We do not have any significant payment terms, as payment is received shortly after goods are
delivered or services are provided, therefore there is no significant financing component or consideration payable to the customer in
these transactions. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenues mainly includes expenses incurred
in connection with our patent enforcement activities, such as legal fees, consulting costs, patent maintenance, royalty fees for acquired
patents and other related expenses. Cost of revenue does not include expenses related to patent amortization, integration or support,
as these are included in general and administrative expenses. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

In connection with the investment in certain patents
and patent rights, certain of our operating subsidiaries may execute related agreements which grant to the inventors and/or former owners
of the respective patents or patent rights, the right to receive a percentage of future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements)
generated as a result of licensing and otherwise enforcing the respective patents or patent portfolios. 

Our operating subsidiaries may retain the services
of law firms that specialize in patent licensing and enforcement and patent law in connection with their licensing and enforcement activities.
These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis whereby such law firms are paid a percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements
or judgments awarded. 

Our operating subsidiaries may engage with funding
sources that specialize in providing financing for patent licensing and enforcement. These litigation finance firms may be engaged on
a non-recourse basis whereby such litigation finance firms are paid a percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded
in exchange for providing funding for legal fees and out of pocket expenses incurred as a result of the licensing and enforcement activities. 

The economic terms of the inventor agreements,
operating agreements, contingent legal fee arrangements and litigation financing agreements associated with the patent portfolios owned
or controlled by our operating subsidiaries, if any, including royalty rates, contingent fee rates and other terms, vary across the patent
portfolios owned or controlled by such operating subsidiaries and are included in cost of revenues as litigation and licensing expenses.
Inventor/former owner royalties, payments to non-controlling interests, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses
fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms and conditions of revenue agreements executed
each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations generating revenues each period. Inventor/former
owner royalties, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses will continue to fluctuate and may continue to vary significantly
period to period, based primarily on these factors. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that there are any
recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards which, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

55 

Going Concern 

We have an accumulated deficit of approximately
 26,189,000 and negative working capital of approximately 9,490,000 as of December 31, 2022. Because of our continuing losses, our
working capital deficiency, the uncertainty of future revenue, our obligations to QF3, QFL, Intelligent Partners, our low stock price
and the absence of a trading market in our common stock, our ability to raise funds in the equity market or from lenders is severely impaired.
These conditions, together with the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken by the states to slow the spread of the virus
and its effect on our business as well as any adverse consequences which would result from our failure to remain listed on the OTCQB,
raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees
generated from litigation seeking damages for infringement of our intellectual property rights. Although we may seek to raise funds and
to obtain third-party funding for litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights, the availability of such funds is uncertain.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any other financial guarantees
or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that
are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit,
liquidity or market risk support to such entity. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements start on Page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On June 7, 2021, MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey advised us that it was resigning, effective June 7, 2021, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. During
our two most recent fiscal years and any subsequent interim period through the date of such resignation, there were no disagreements with
MaloneBailey on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of MaloneBailey would have caused them to make reference thereto in connection with
their report on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Further, during such period, there were no reportable
events of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except for the material weaknesses described in Item 9A of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management,
including our chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer, who is the same person and our sole full-time employee. There
are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our chief
executive officer and acting chief financial officer concluded that, due to our limited internal audit function and our very limited staff,
our disclosure controls were not effective as of December 31, 2022, such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

56 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. During our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses related to (i) our internal
audit functions (ii) inadequate levels of review of the financial statements and (iii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting
functions. Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has determined that our internal controls
contain material weaknesses due to the absence of segregation of duties, as well as lack of qualified accounting personnel and excessive
reliance on third-party consultants for accounting, financial reporting and related activities. The lack of any separation of duties,
with the same person, who is our only full time employee, serving as both chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer,
and who does not have an accounting background, makes it unlikely that we will be able to implement effective internal controls over financial
reporting in the near future. 

Due to our size and nature, segregation of all
conflicting duties is not possible. However, to the extent possible, we plan to implement procedures to assure that the initiation of
transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals if and when we have sufficient
income to enable us to hire such individuals, and we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to hire such personnel. Since we became
engaged in the intellectual property management business in 2008, we have not had the financial resources to develop or implement systems
that would provide us with the necessary information on a timely basis so as to be able to implement financial controls. Our financial
condition makes it difficult for us to implement a system of internal controls over financial reporting. 

Until we generate significantly greater revenues
and employ accounting personnel, it is doubtful that we will be able implement any system which provides us with any degree of internal
controls over financial reporting. Due to the nature of this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, there
is more than a remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to our annual or interim financial statements could not be
prevented or detected. 

A material weakness (within the meaning of PCAOB
Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our financial
reporting. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the period ended December 31, 2022, there
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table presents information with
respect to our officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 
 
 46 
 
 Chief executive officer, president, acting chief financial officer, secretary and director 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 
 
 55 
 
 Chief technology officer and director 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 
 
 42 
 
 Director 

Prior to January 2016, our directors were elected
to serve for a term of one year until our next annual meeting of the stockholders or unless he resigns earlier. On January 22, 2016, following
approval by the stockholders, we amended and restated our certificate of incorporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides for a classified board of directors. Our classified board of directors has three classes of directors Class I directors,
Class II directors and Class III directors. On July 27, 2022, the Company held its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. At the meeting,
the stockholders voted on the election of two Class I directors, one Class II director and one Class III director. 

Jon C. Scahill, a Class I director, has been president
and chief executive officer since January 2014 and a director since 2007. He was appointed secretary in April 2014. He also served as
president and chief operating officer from May 2007 to December 2013. From December 2006 to May 2007, Mr. Scahill was founder and managing
director of the Urban-Rigney Group, LLC, a private consultancy specializing in new business/new venture development, operations optimization,
and strategic analysis. Prior to launching his consultancy business, Mr. Scahill held numerous positions in sales and marketing, technical
management, and product development in the consumer products/flexible packaging arena. Mr. Scahill holds a B.S. in chemical engineering
from the University of Rochester, an MBA in finance, strategy and operations from Rochester s Simon Graduate School of Business
and a JD from Pace Law School. Mr. Scahill is admitted to practice in New York, Florida and the District of Columbia, and he is a registered
patent attorney admitted to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

Timothy J. Scahill, a Class II director, has a
director since October 2014 and our chief technology officer since 2007. Mr. Scahill is also currently a managing partner of Managed Services
Team LLC, an IT services provider. Prior to Managed Services Team, he was president of Layer 8 Group, Inc. from August 2005 to December
2012, at which time Layer 8 merged with Structured Technologies Inc. to form Managed Services Team LLC. In his roles he has taken the
responsibility for business strategy, acquisition, execution, as well as financial management. His entrepreneurial acumen and proven record
of successful management with sole discretionary responsibility, demonstrate the scope of his capability and his value to delivering results.
He serves on the boards of the Upstate New York Technology Council, is an investor in Greater Rochester Enterprise, Pariemus Rochester
and also serves on the Corporate Advisory Board for Habitat for Humanity. He is a member of Greater Rochester Enterprise and CEO Roundtable
Chair. 

Dr. William Ryall Carroll, a Class III director,
has been a director since October 2014. Dr. Carroll has been associate professor and chairman of the marketing department at St. John s
University College of Business since July 2014. From September 2008 until June 2014, Dr. Carroll was an assistant professor in the marketing
department of St. John s University College of Business. Dr. Carroll is founder, chief executive officer and owner of Raiserve Inc.,
a web-based platform for monetizing non-profit programmatic work in the area of service formed in October 2014. Dr. Carroll s research
focuses on consumer behavior and behavioral decision theory. Dr. Carroll s work has been published in top academic journals including
the Journal of Advertising, Marketing Letters, as well in books such as Psycholinguistic Phenomena in Marketing Communications. In addition
to his research Dr. Carroll has taught Marketing at the executive, graduate and undergraduate level across in the United States, Europe
and Asia. Prior to pursuing his academic career, Dr. Carroll held various marketing positions at NOP Worldwide Marketing Research Company
and Ralston Purina Company. Dr. Carroll earned his BA in Economics from the University of Rochester, his MS in Marketing Research from
the University of Texas in Arlington, and his PhD from City University of New York Baruch College. 

58 

Ryan T. Logue, a Class I director, is an investment
advisory representative Lincoln Investment, a position he has held since 2019. Prior to joining Lincoln Investment, he spent 16 years
with Morgan Stanley in the private wealth management department. Mr. Logue has spent the majority of his career focused on investing in
both public and private opportunities department. Mr. Logue graduated with a BA from Colgate University and an MBA from Columbia University
and has previously served on the board of the Columbia Alumni Association of Fairfield County. 

Timothy J. Scahill and Jon C. Scahill are first
cousins. 

Director Independence 

Dr. Carroll and Mr. Logue are independent 
directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards of the NYSE. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that
applies to our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions, since we have been focusing our efforts on developing our business. We expect to adopt a code as we develop our business. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We do not have any committees of our board of
directors. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires executive officers and directors of issuers whose securities are registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial
ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of the our common stock and other equity securities,
on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Because our common stock is not registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, our officers, directors
and 10 stockholders are not required to make such filings. 

59 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, earned
by or paid to our executive officers. 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 Options/ 
Warrant Awards 
 Non-Equity Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (3) 
 Total 
 
 Jon Scahill, 
 2022 
 300,000 

61,000 
 361,000 
 
 CEO and President 
 2021 
 300,000 
 
 588,000 (1) 
 240,000 (2) 

58,000 
 1,186,000 

(1) Represents the value of 490,000 shares granted Mr. Scahill
in 2021 

(2) Represents the value of an option to purchase 200,000 shares
of common stock 

(3) Represents the payments made by the Company under the SEP
IRA adopted in March 2020 

Employment Agreements 

Pursuant to the restated employment agreement,
dated November 30, 2014, we agreed to employ Jon C. Scahill as president and chief executive officer for a term of three years, commencing
January 1, 2014, and continuing on a year-to-year basis unless terminated by either party on not less than 90 days notice prior
to the expiration of the initial term or any one-year extension. The agreement provides for an annual salary of 252,000, which may be
increased, but not decreased, by the board or the compensation committee. In March 2023, the board of directors increased Mr. Scahill s
annual salary to 600,000, effective January 1, 2016. Mr. Scahill is entitled to a bonus if we meet or exceed performance criteria established
by the compensation committee. In August 2016, the board of directors approved annual bonus compensation to Mr. Scahill equal to 30 of
the amount by which our consolidated income before income taxes exceeds 500,000, but, if we are subject to the limitation on deductibility
of executive compensation pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the bonus cannot exceed the amount which would be deductible
pursuant to Section 162(m). Mr. Scahill is also eligible to participate in any executive incentive plans which we may adopt. Pursuant
to the agreement, we issued to Mr. Scahill warrants to purchase 600,000 shares, representing the warrants that had been previously covered
in his prior employment agreement, but which had never been issued, and we issued to Mr. Scahill a restricted stock grant for 300,000
shares which vested on January 15, 2015. In the event that we terminate Mr. Scahill s employment other than for cause or as a result
of his death or disability, we will pay him severance equal to his salary for the balance of the term and, if he received a bonus for
the previous year, an amount equal to that bonus, as well as continuation of his insurance benefits. Mr. Scahill also waived accrued compensation
of 1,167,705, representing his accrued salary for periods prior to January 1, 2014. The restated employment agreement also includes mutual
general releases between Mr. Scahill and us. In March 2020, the Company adopted a SEP IRA plan for its employees. Mr. Scahill is our only
employee covered by the plan. 

60 

Pension Benefits 

In March 2020, we adopted a SEP IRA plan for our
employees pursuant to which we deposit into a SEP IRA account of each of our participating employees a percentage of the employee s
compensation, subject to statutory limitations on the amount of the contribution all as set forth in the IRS Form 5305-SEP presented to
and reviewed by the directors of this Corporation. For the year ending December 31, 2022 the percentage was set at 20 . Mr. Scahill is
our only employee covered by the plan. 

2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

On November 10, 2017, the board of directors adopted
the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant to which 1,500,000 shares of common stock may be issued. In February
2021, the board amended the Plan to increase the number of shares subject to the plan to 5,000,000. Set forth below is a summary of the
plan, as amended, but this summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the plan, a copy of which is included
as an exhibit to this annual report. 

The plan provides for the grant of non-qualified
options, stock grants and other equity-based incentives to employees, including officers, directors and consultants. 

On February 19, 2021, the board of directors: 

granted restricted stock grants for 100,000 shares, which
vested in full immediately upon issuance, to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants; 

granted restricted stock grants for a total of 690,000 shares,
which vested in full immediately upon issuance, to our directors, Jon C. Scahill (490,000 shares), Timothy J. Scahill (100,000 shares)
and Dr. William R. Carroll (100,000 shares) as compensation for services rendered; 

granted a restricted stock grant to Ryan T. Logue for 50,000
shares upon his acceptance of his appointment as a director; 

granted non-qualified ten-year stock options to purchase
300,000 shares to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants, the options to vest as provided in their agreements. 

granted a non-qualified ten-year stock option to purchase
600,000 shares to Jon C. Scahill, which vest in installments as described under Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The options granted to two of the consultants
become exercisable as follows: 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 1.00 per share becoming
exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 3.00 per share, becoming
exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at
least 5,000,000, and 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share becoming
exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

61 

The options granted the third consultant become
exercisable as follows: 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 1.00 per share became
exercisable on February 22, 2022, which was the first anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 3.00 per share became
exercisable on February 22, 2023, which was the second anniversary of the date of the agreement; and 

100,000 shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share will
become exercisable on February 22, 2024, which will be the third anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

The options granted to Jon C. Scahill become exercisable
as follows: 

200,000 shares at an exercise price of 1.00 per share becoming
exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB, which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

200,000 shares at an exercise price of 3.00 per share, becoming
exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at
least 5,000,000, and 

200,000 shares at an exercise price of 5.00 per share becoming
exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth information as
to the outstanding equity awards granted to and held by the officers named in the Summary Compensation Table as of December 31, 2022. 

Option awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying unexercised 
 options (#) exercisable 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying unexercised 
 options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity 
incentive plan 
 awards: 
Number of 
securities underlying 
 unexercised unearned 
 options (#) 
 Option 
 exercise 
 price ) 
 Option 
expiration 
date 
 
 Jon Scahill 
 200,000 (1) 
 
 200,000 (2) 
 1.00 
 2/22/2031 

200,000 (3) 
 3.00 

(1) Represents 200,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February
22, 2021 at an exercise price of 1.00 per share becoming exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB.
The Company regained such compliance on May 7, 2021, at which time the common stock recommenced trading on the OTCQB. 

(2) Represents 200,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February
22, 2021 at an exercise price of 3.00 per share, becoming exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form
10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000 

(3) Represents 200,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February
22, 2021 at an exercise price of 5.00 per share becoming exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on
the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange 

62 

Directors Compensation 

We do not have any agreements or formal plan for
compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although our board has, and may in the future, award stock
grants or options to purchase shares of common stock to our directors. None of our directors received compensation during 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides information as to
shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 30, 2023, by: 

Each director; 

Each current officer named in the summary compensation table; 

Each person owning of record or known by us, based on information
provided to us by the persons named below, at least 5 of our common stock; and 

All directors and officers as a group. 

For purposes of the following table, beneficial
ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or sole or shared investment power with
respect to a security, or any combination thereof, and the right to acquire such power (for example, through the exercise of warrants
granted by us) within 60 days of March 30, 2023. 

Name and Address (1) of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 of 
 Class 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 
 1,600,000 
 28.9 
 
 Andrew C. Fitton (2) 300 Bowie St., Apt. 2803 Austin, TX 78703 
 1,174,074 
 22.0 
 
 Intelligent Partners, LLC (3) 300 Bowie St., Apt. 2803 Austin, TX 78703 
 500,000 
 8.6 
 
 Michael R. Carper (4) 13218 Tamayo Drive Austin, TX 78729 
 788,889 
 14.8 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 154,846 
 2.9 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 
 151,050 
 2.8 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 
 54,976 
 1.0 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (four individuals) 
 1,960,873 
 35.4 

(1) The address of Jon C. Scahill, Dr. Carroll, Timothy J. Scahill
and Ryan T. Logue is c/o Quest Patent Research Corporation, 411 Theodore Fremd Ave., Suite 206S, Rye, New York 10580-1411. 

(2) Represents (a) 674,074 shares owned by Mr. Fitton and (b)
500,000 shares issuable upon exercise of an option held by Intelligent Partners. 

(3) Represents 500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of options held by Intelligent Partners. Andrew C. Fitton and Michael R. Carper, as the members of Intelligent Partners, have the joint
right to vote and dispose of the shares owned by Intelligent Partners. 

(4) Represents (a) 288,889 shares of common stock owned by Mr.
Carper and (b) 500,000 shares issuable upon exercise of an option held by Intelligent Partners. 

63 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Transactions 

In prior periods, we incurred interest expense
on our 10 notes issued to United Wireless pursuant to the securities purchase agreement dated October 22, 2015 more fully described in
our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. The notes were extinguished in February 2021, and we did not incur
interest expense on the notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Reference is made to the discussion of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners, Mr. Fitton and Mr. Carper under Item 1. Business Agreements with Intelligent Partners. 

Managed Services Team LLC, an entity for which
Timothy Scahill, our chief technology officer and a director, is a managing partner, provides information technology services to us. We
are obligated to pay for these services at usual and customary rates. The cost of these services was approximately 205 and 434 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During 2021, we contracted with a law firm more
than 10 owned, but not controlled, by the father-in-law of the chief executive officer. The firm is engaged on a contingent fee basis
and serves as escrow agent in connection with monetization of our patents in matters where the firm is serving as counsel to us. In connection
with the engagement, we recorded patent service costs of approximately 85,000 and 763,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 respectively. In prior periods, we engaged a firm at which the father-in-law of the chief executive was formerly a partner. Because
his interest in the prior firm was less than 10 , the prior firm was not considered a related party in prior periods. 

Director Independence 

Dr. Carroll and Mr. Logue are independent 
directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards of the NYSE. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the fees billed
by our independent accountants, Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. RRBB and MaloneBailey for 2022 and 2021 for the categories
of services indicated. 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees MaloneBailey 
 8,000 
 71,000 
 
 Audit fees RRBB 
 100,000 
 20,000 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees MaloneBailey 
 8,000 
 6,500 

Audit fees consist of fees related to professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements. 

All other fees relate to professional services
rendered in connection with our registration statement. 

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. Since we do not have an audit committee, the pre-approval is made by the board of directors. Our board approved all
services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years. 

64 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company.(5) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company. (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Restated Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2014 between the issuer and between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Restricted Stock Grant dated October 30, 2014 between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of warrant issued to former officers and directors. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of warrant issued to Mr. Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (4) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Timothy J. Scahill. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Dr. William Ryall Carroll. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnification
 agreement, dated February 19, 2021 between the Company and Ryan T. Logue (10) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Patent Sale Agreement, effective July 8, 2015 between Intellectual Ventures Assets 16 LLC and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.10 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan(6) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC (7) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Ex. A to Purchase Agreement Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Ex. B to Purchase Agreement Subsidiary Continuing Guaranty Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Ex. C to Purchase Agreement Subsidiary Patent Proceeds Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Ex. D to Purchase Agreement Warrant Issuance Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Ex. E to Purchase Agreement Board Observation Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Warrant dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC (7) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Restructure Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Ex. A to Restructure Agreement - Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Ex. B to Restructure Agreement - Option Grant dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Ex. C to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Ex. D to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Ex. E to Restructure Agreement - Board Observation Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Ex. F to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated MPA-CP dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Ex. G to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated MPA-CXT dated February 19, 2021 among CXT Systems, Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Ex. H to Restructure Agreement - Monetization Proceeds Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among M-RED Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Ex. I to Restructure Agreement - Monetization Proceeds Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among Audio Messaging Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 

65 

10.29 
 
 Ex. J to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated 2015 Patent Proceeds Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Ex. K to Restructure Agreement - MPA-NA dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Ex. L to Restructure Agreement - MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Consulting Agreement (8) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (8) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (8) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated March 12, 2023 among the Company and QPRC Finance III LLC (9) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) Incorporated by reference to
the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which was filed by the Company on December 15, 2014. 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on October 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2013, which was filed with the SEC on April 10, 2015. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, which was filed with the SEC on February 3, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on January 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed by the Company on April 2, 2018. 
 
 (7) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed by the Company on April 15, 2021. 
 
 (9) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (10) 
 Filed herewith 

Certain confidential information has been deleted from this Exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Jon C. Scahill 

Jon C. Scahill 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes Jon C. Scahill as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities
to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jon C. Scahill 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, and President (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 

/s/ Timothy J. Scahill 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 

/s/ Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 

/s/ Ryan T. Logue 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 

67 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Quest Patent Research Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Quest Patent Research Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect
to that matter. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined
that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Patents, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Loans payable 

Funding liability 

Loan payable - related party 

Warrant liability 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Loan payable SBA 

Purchase price of patents 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 2) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value per share - authorized shares - no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and ,at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Quest Patent Research Corporation stockholders deficit 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiary 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Patent licensing fees 

Cost of revenue 

Litigation and licensing expenses 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Warrant expense 

Change in fair market value of warrant liability 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss on impairment of assets 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Non-controlling 
 Interest in 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Subsidiaries 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2020 

Restricted shares issued for services 

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

Option issued for debt extinguishment 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Effect of reverse split 

Net loss 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair market value of warrant liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Warrant expense 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss on impairment of assets 

Bad debt expense 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued interest 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Patents loan payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of patents 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on loans - related party 

Payment on loan payable - third party 

Proceeds from funding liability 

Payment of funding liability 

Payment of purchase price of patents 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

Interest added to principal 

Options granted for settlement of debt 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned) 

owned) 

F- 7 

shares to shares and (ii) whereby each share of common stock, par value per share,
became and was converted into shares of such common stock, with fractional shares being rounded up to the next higher whole number
of shares. All authorized share and share information in these financial statements retroactively reflect the reverse split and change
in authorized common stock. 

to . Certain patent application and prosecution costs incurred to secure additional patent claims that, based on management s
estimates are deemed to be recoverable, are capitalized and amortized over the remaining estimated economic useful life of the related
patent portfolio. 

for the year ended December 31,
2021 to write down finite lived intangible assets in the Power Management/Bus Controller, CXT and M-RED portfolios. See Note 6. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

F- 10 

customer comprised approximately and approximately of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 11 

in full satisfaction of the disputed and unpaid legal services performed by the Company s former legal counsel for services relating
to the monetization of the Company s intellectual property rights. The Company recognized a gain on settlement of accounts payable
of approximately as a result of the resolution of the dispute. 

potential shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants granted to QFL in connection with
the Purchase Agreement, shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options granted to Intelligent Partners in connection
with the Restructure Agreement and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options granted to officers and consultants.
See Notes 3, 4 and 5. 

F- 12 

and negative working capital of approximately as of December 31,
2022. Because of the Company s continuing losses, its working capital deficiency, the uncertainty of future revenue, the Company s
obligations to Intelligent Partners, and QPRC Finance LLC QFL ), the Company s low stock price and the absence of
an active trading market in its common stock, the ability of the Company to raise funds in the equity market or from lenders is severely
impaired. These conditions, together with the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken by the states to slow the spread of
the virus and its effect on its business as well as any adverse consequences which would result from our failure to meet the continued
listing requirements of the OTCQB (see Note 10), raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company s revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated from litigation seeking damages for infringement
of the Company s intellectual property rights. Although the Company may seek to raise funds and to obtain third-party funding for
litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights, the availability of such funds is uncertain. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

. The loans are payable on demand plus accrued interest at per annum. Accrued interest at December
31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

since February 22, 2021. Approximately was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022.
The obligation to QFL has no repayment term and has been classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2022. 

for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent
rights that the Company intends to monetize, of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2022; (b) up to 
for operating expenses, of which the Company has requested and received as of December 31, 2022; and (iii) 
to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of the Company s obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return the Company
transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. 

F- 13 

of
proceeds from the QFL financing as the cash payment portion of the restructure of the Company s obligations to Intelligent Partners
pursuant to the Restructure Agreement executed contemporaneously with the closing of the Investment Documents. The payment was made directly
from QFL to Intelligent Partners. 

shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise
price of per share which may be exercised from the grant date through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis. Exercisability
of the warrant is limited if, upon exercise, the holder or any of holder s affiliates would beneficially own more than (the
 Maximum Percentage of the Company s common stock, except that by written notice to the Company, the holder may change
the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of provided any such change will not be effective until the 61st day
following notice to the Company. The warrant also contains certain minimum ownership percentage antidilution rights pursuant to which
the aggregate number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the initial exercise of the warrant shall not be less than of the
aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis). Because the facility with
QFL has no term the fair value of the warrants was expensed at the grant date. A portion of any gain from sale of the shares, net of taxes
and costs of exercise, realized prior to the completion of all monetization activities shall be credited against the total return due
to QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. See Notes 4 and 5 for information on the warrant issue and associated liability. 

shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant. See Note 5 for information
on the warrant issue. 

at closing and agreed that upon the realization of gross proceeds, if any, the Company shall make a second installment payment or payments
in the aggregate amount of representing reimbursement to PKT, as the prosecuting attorney, for legal fees associated with prosecution
of the portfolio, such reimbursement shall be due and payable to PKT from time to time as gross proceeds are realized, and paid to PKT
along with and in proportion to reimbursement to other third parties of costs incurred in realizing gross proceeds from the Peregrin Portfolio.
Thereafter, PKT is entitled to a percentage of gross proceeds realized, if any, from the Peregrin Portfolio. The Company requested and
received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which was used to make payment to PKT. 

F- 14 

. The Company requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
which was used to make payment to Taasera, Inc. 

pursuant
to an agreement with Aawaaz Inc. AI ), pursuant to which MML retains an amount equal to the purchase price plus any fees
incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, after which AI is entitled to a percentage of further net proceeds realized,
if any. The Company requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which
was used to make payment to AI. 

. The Company requested and received a capital advance
in the amount of the purchase price from the facility with QFL. Two of the patents were assigned to Tyche and the balance of
the patents were assigned to DIP. 

. The Company requested and received a capital advance from QFL
in the amount of , which was used to make payment to AI in August 2022 pursuant to the amendment to the Purchase Agreement. 

of the
net proceeds resulting from monetization of the EDI Portfolio. 

. We paid upon execution of the agreement with the balance payable within 30 days. We
requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount of , which was used to make payment of the balance in August 2022
pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. 

and from QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively, pursuant to a restructure
agreement Restructure Agreement dated February 22, 2021 whereby the Company and Intelligent Partners, extinguished the
Company s Note to Intelligent Partners as transferee of the notes issued to United Wireless Holdings, Inc. United Wireless ),
in the amount of pursuant to securities purchase agreement dated October 22, 2015 between the Company and United Wireless.
The notes became due by their terms on September 30, 2020, and the Company did not make any payment on account of principal of and interest
on the notes. Subsequent to September 30, 2020, the Company engaged in negotiations with Intelligent Partners in parallel with the Company s
negotiations with QFL, with a view to restructuring the Company s obligations under the United Wireless agreements, including the
notes, so that the Company no longer had any obligations under the notes or the SPA. These negotiations resulted in the Restructure Agreement,
described below, which provided for the payment to Intelligent Partners of from the proceeds from the Company s agreements
with QFL. As part of the restructure of the Company s agreements with Intelligent Partners, the Company amended the existing MPAs
and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from any new intellectual property the Company acquires,
as described below. Under these MPAs, Intelligent Partners participates in the monetization proceeds the Company receives with respect
to new patents after QFL has received its negotiated rate of return. 

F- 15 

of the notes
(the Transferred Note ), thereby reducing the principal amount of the notes held by Intelligent Partners to . 

at closing, which the Company received from QFL and which QFL paid directly to Intelligent
Partners, and recognized the TMPO, which shall, from and after the Restructure Date, be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis by (a) payments
to Intelligent Partners pursuant to the Restructure Agreement, the Restructure MPAs and the MPA-NA and (b) any election by the Intelligent
Partners to pay the Exercise Price of the Restructure Option, in whole or part, by means of a reduction in the then outstanding TMPO.
The TMPO has been classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock at a
purchase price of per share, which purchase price was paid by the conversion and in full satisfaction of the Transferred Note (the
 Conversion Shares ). For purposes of extinguishment, the issuance of the Conversion Shares in full satisfaction of the Transferred
Note balance of is included in the reacquisition price of the debt. The Company recognized a loss on debt conversion of 
which is the difference between the agreed conversion price and the fair value of the Conversion Shares at the date of conversion. See
Note 5 for information on the share issue. 

shares of common stock, with an exercise price of 
per share which vests immediately and may be exercised through September 30, 2025. The Company valued the option at approximately 
using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The proceeds were allocated to the repurchase price of the debt extinguishment based on its fair
value. See Note 5 for information on the option grant. 

of the net monetization proceeds from the patents currently owned
by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The agreement has no termination provisions, so Intelligent Partners will be entitled to its percentage
interest as long as revenue is generated from the intellectual property covered by the agreement. 

After satisfaction of the TMPO, the MPA-NA and Intelligent Partners interest in new asset
proceeds shall terminate. 

F- 16 

shares currently owned by Fitton and Carper; (ii)
the Conversion Shares issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
option. See Note 5. 

, which is not
the subject of a Dispute or other formal dispute resolution proceeding initiated in good faith pursuant to this Agreement or other Restructure
Documents (iii) the filing of a voluntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code by Company or any of its material
subsidiaries, (iv) the filing of an involuntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code against the Company, which
is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of such filing, except for an involuntary petition for relief filed solely by Intelligent
Partners, or any Affiliate or member of Intelligent Partners, or (v) acceleration of an obligation in excess of to another
provider of financing following a final determination by arbitration or other judicial proceeding that such obligation is due and owing. 

reflected as follows: 

Less unamortized debt discount and issuance costs 

Net carrying amount 

Reacquisition price 

Cash payment via QFL 

Conversion of transferred note 

Fair value of option grant 

TMPO undiscounted future cash flows 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

F- 17 

represents the total amount due under a secured Economic Injury Disaster Loan from the U.S. Small Business Association SBA in the aggregate amount of , pursuant to Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act as part of the COVID-19 relief
effort. The Company s obligations on the loan are set forth in the Company s note dated May 14, 2020 which matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing on November 14, 2022. The Note may be prepaid by
the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the Loan may be used solely as working capital to alleviate
economic injury caused by disaster occurring in the month of January 31, 2020 and continuing thereafter and to pay Uniform Commercial
Code (UCC) lien filing fees and a third-party UCC handling charge of which were deducted from the loan amount stated above. In addition
to the loan, as part of the COVID-19 relief effort, the Company obtained an Emergency EIDL Grant from the SBA in the amount of .
The Company is not required to repay the grant. 

and , respectively represents: 

for the Company s acquisition of the audio messaging portfolio. Under the funding agreement,
the third-party funder is entitled to a priority return of funds advanced from net proceeds, as defined, recovered until the funder has
received . The Company paid approximately against the obligation in 2022. The Company has no other obligation to the
third-party and has no liability to the funder in the event that the Company does not generate net proceeds. Pursuant to ASC 470, the
company recorded this monetization obligation as debt and the difference between the purchase price and total obligation as a discount
to the debt and fully expensed to interest during the period. 

shares of common stock to QFL (see Note 3) in connection with its funding agreement. If on the date of initial exercise
the aggregate number of warrant shares purchasable upon exercise of the warrant would yield less than an amount equal to of the aggregate
number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis), then the number of warrant shares
shall be increased to an amount equal to of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined
on a fully diluted basis), and therefore the number of shares underlying the warrants is not fixed until the date of the initial exercise.
As such, the warrant issued to QFL requires classification as a liability pursuant to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
and is valued at its fair value as of the grant date and re-measured at each balance sheet date with the period-to-period change in the
fair market value of the warrant liability reflected as a gain or loss in warrant liability and included under other income (expense). 

and , respectively. 

F- 18 

Exercise price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividends 

Expected term 

Total liabilities 

Change in fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Gain on subsequent measurement 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

shares to shares and (ii) whereby each share
of common stock became and was converted into 0.01 shares of such common stock, with fractional shares being rounded up to the next higher
whole number of shares. There was no change in the par value of the common stock. 

shares
of common stock pursuant to non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives. The amendment to the
Plan and the grants of awards pursuant to the Plan, were effective upon the closing of the agreements with QFL. 

F- 19 

shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, which
purchase price was paid by the conversion and in full satisfaction of the Company s obligation under the Transferred Note and is
included in the calculation of the repurchase price of the debt; and (ii) granted Intelligent Partners, pursuant to the Option Grant,
an option to purchase a total of shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share which vested immediately and
may be exercised through September 30, 2025. The Company valued the purchase option at approximately using the Black-Scholes
pricing model. Variables used in the valuation include (1) discount rate of ; (2) option life of years; (3) computed volatility
of and (4) zero expected dividends. The Company granted Intelligent Partners, Fitton and Carper certain registration rights with
respect to (i) the shares currently owned by Fitton and Carper; (ii) the Conversion Shares issued to Fitton and Carper,
and (iii) the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the option. Commencing six months from the closing date, if the
shares owned by Fitton, Carper and Intelligent Partners cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 without the Company being in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not
in compliance with the current public information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to Intelligent Partners. 

and may be terminated by the Company for cause or upon the death
or disability of the consultants. 

shares of Common Stock which immediately vests
in full and a ten-year option to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock, which become exercisable cumulatively as follows: 

shares at an exercise price of per share becoming
exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB. The Company regained such compliance on May 7, 2021, at
which time the common stock recommenced trading on the OTCQB. 

shares at an exercise price of per share, becoming
exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which reports stockholders equity
of at least , and 

shares at an exercise price of per share becoming
exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

The Company did not recognize any option expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized
option expense of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 20 

shares of Common Stock which immediately vests
in full and a ten-year option to purchase shares of Common Stock, which becomes exercisable cumulatively as follows: 

shares at an exercise price of per share became
exercisable on February 22, 2022, which was the first anniversary of the date of the agreement; 

shares at an exercise price of per share upon
the second anniversary of the agreement; and 

shares at an exercise price of per share upon
the third anniversary of the agreement. 

The Company did not recognize any option expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized option expense of approximately
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 21 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cancelled 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cancelled 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at end of period 

. 

of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock option awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average expected term of approximately years. 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cancelled 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cancelled 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

. 

F- 22 

Disposal 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Net value of intangible assets 

Weighted Average Amortization Period (Years) 

F- 23 

pursuant to which the Company
retains an amount equal to the purchase price plus any fees incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, after which AI
is entitled to a percentage of further net proceeds realized, if any; the useful lives of the patents, at the date of acquisition, was
approximately years. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense is included in selling, general,
and administration expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Future amortization of intangible assets is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 24 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Balance, end of year 

of net operating loss NOL carry forwards which will begin to expire in 2024. Net operating loss carryovers
may be subject to a limitation on their usage in future periods if the Company experiences a change in ownership as defined in Internal
Revenue Code Section 382. 

and is recorded as a component
of income tax expense. 

Intangible assets 

Valuation allowance 

Balance, end of year 

Foreign 

Deferred 

Total 

State taxes, net 

Meals and entertainment 

Warrant income 

Interest expense 

Change in tax rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Change in estimate for prior year taxes 

Total 

Effective tax rate 

F- 25 

State taxes, net 

Tax exempt income - grant and/or SBA 

Meals and entertainment 

Warrant expense 

Stock based compensation 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Valuation allowance 

Derivative valuation adjustment 

Other 

Total 

Effective tax rate 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

percent owned, but not controlled, by the father-in-law of the chief executive officer.
The firm is engaged on a contingent fee basis and serves as escrow agent in connection with monetization of the Company s patents
in matters where the firm is serving as counsel to the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cost of these services
was approximately and , respectively. 

The agreement provides
for an initial annual salary of , which may be increased, but not decreased, by the board or the compensation committee. In March
2016, the Company s board of directors increased the chief executive officer s annual salary to , effective January
1, 2016. The chief executive officer is also eligible to participate in any executive incentive plans which the Company
may adopt. 

F- 26 

and , respectively. The Company s president and chief executive
officer is the only participant and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 58,000 was deposited into his
SEP IRA account, respectively. 

per share for more than 30 consecutive days,
the Company no longer meets the Standards for Continued Eligibility under the OTC listing standards and, if this deficiency is not met
by August 21, 2022, the Company s common stock will be removed from the OTCQB marketplace, in which event the common stock will be traded
on the OTC Pink market. Our registration rights agreement with QFL provides that, in the event of a failure to comply with certain covenants,
which includes the failure of our common stock to be traded on the OTCQB, in addition to any other remedies available to QFL, we are to
pay to QFL an amount in cash equal to of the aggregate value of QFL s Registrable Securities, as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement, whether or not included in such registration statement, on each of the following dates: (i) the initial day of a maintenance
failure; (ii) on the 30th day after the date of such a failure and (iii) every 30th day thereafter (prorated for periods totaling less
than thirty (30) days) until such failure is cured. In July 2022 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to effect a one-for-100
reverse split of its common stock (see Note 5). The OTC Markets Group confirmed to the Company that the deficiency has been cured. 

F- 27 

of the net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, if any, resulting from monetization of the STX patent
portfolio. 

in legal fees, expensed at closing. The initial cost of the STX asset acquisition was with total consideration coming in the form of
contingent consideration, which will be recognized if and when it becomes payable. 

for operating expenses; (b) to fund
the cash payment portion of the purchase of a patent portfolio from Tower Semiconductor Ltd.; and (c) up to an additional 
for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that the Company intends to monetize. In return the Company transferred to QF3 a
right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. 

of proceeds from the QF3 financing as the cash payment portion of the purchase of a ten-patent portfolio from Tower Semiconductor
Ltd. (the HID Portfolio ). 

F-28 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-8_questpatent.htm
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 19, 2021 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RYAN T. LOGUE

Exhibit 10.8 

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
(the Agreement is made and entered into as of February 19, 2021, between Quest Patent Research Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), and Ryan T. Logue Indemnitee ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS , highly
competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are
provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions
against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS , the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals,
the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company
and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities to the extent that such insurance can be obtained at reasonable cost to the Company; 

WHEREAS , although the
furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises,
the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to the Company only at high premiums
and with exclusions, while directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly
subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought
only against the Company or business enterprise itself; 

WHEREAS , The Bylaws
of the Company and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL provide for indemnification of the
officers and directors of the Company and that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate
that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS , the uncertainties
relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 

WHEREAS , the Board
has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company s
stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS , it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that
they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS , this Agreement
is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed
a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS , Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such
capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that he be so indemnified; and 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of Indemnitee s agreement to continue to serve as a director and officer from and after the date hereof, the parties
hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity
of Indemnitee . The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such
may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof. 

(a) Proceedings
Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in
this Section l(a) if, by reason of his Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined), the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made,
a party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant
to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined), judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him, or on his behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or
matter therein, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Indemnitee s
conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 1(b) if,
by reason of his Corporate Status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought
by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by the Indemnitee, or on the Indemnitee s behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if
applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding
as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware shall determine that such indemnification may be made. 

(c) Indemnification
for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that
Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall
be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding
by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

2. Additional
Indemnity . In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement,
but subject to the laws of Delaware, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf if, by reason of his Corporate
Status, he is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of
the Company), including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee.
The only limitation that shall exist upon the Company s obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not
be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set
forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

2 

3. Contribution . 

(a) Whether
or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding),
the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such action, suit or proceeding without
requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have
against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any action, suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly
liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final
release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without
diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in Section 3(a), if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required
to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding in which the
Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company shall contribute to
the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee
in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee,
who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on
the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such action, suit or proceeding arose; provided , however , that
the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference
to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable
with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection
with the transaction or events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable
considerations which applicable law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees
of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding),
on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their
actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and
the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) The
Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors, or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee
for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether
for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim
relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances
of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or
transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and
agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

3 

4. Indemnification
for Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his
Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party,
he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement
of Expenses . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf
of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt
by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or
after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee
and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings
to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. 

6. Procedures
and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee
rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware and federal law
and public policy, subject only to limitations expressly provided in this Agreement. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following
procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this
Agreement: 

(a) To
obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what
extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification,
advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to
provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability
that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon
written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a determination with respect
to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the
election of the Board (1) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, (2) by a committee of Disinterested
Directors designated by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum, (3) if there are no Disinterested
Directors or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall
be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (4) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company. For purposes hereof, disinterested
directors are those members of the Board who are not parties to the action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee. In the event of a Change of Control, the determination of indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel. 

4 

(c) If
the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, the Independent
Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. Indemnitee may, within
ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 13 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity
the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If
a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until
such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission
by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected
and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent
jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Indemnitee to the Company s selection of Independent
Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall
designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel
under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent
Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

(d) In
making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have
the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its
directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that
indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination
by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(e) Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise
(as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in
the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to
the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise.
In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not
be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions
of this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall
have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f) If
the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall
not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such sixty (60) day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30)
days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided further, that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders
pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination,
the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration
at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B)
a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination,
such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat. 

5 

(g) Indemnitee
shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification,
including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged
or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination.
Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination
regarding the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys 
fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be
borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby
indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h) The
Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid expense,
delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved
in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding
with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise
in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion
by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

7. Remedies
of Indemnitee . 

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination
of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within ten (10) days after
receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days after a determination
has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of
this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court
of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitee s entitlement to such indemnification. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking
an adjudication within one hundred eighty (180) days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding
pursuant to this Section 7(a). The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication. 

6 

(b) In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits, and
Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). 

(c) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee
of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading in connection
with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In
the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for breach
of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company,
the Company shall pay on his behalf, in advance, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in Section
13 of this Agreement) actually and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately
is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery. 

(e) The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions
of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions
of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within
ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such expenses
to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of
Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained
by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses
or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 

(f) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required
to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity;
Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation . 

(a) The
rights of indemnification as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any
time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution
of directors of the Company, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit
or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision,
permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and this Agreement, it
is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No
right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative
and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion
or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right
or remedy. 

7 

(b) To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees,
or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under
such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has directors 
and officers liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the
insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable
action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with
the terms of such policies. 

(c) In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The
Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent
that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The
Company s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company
as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9. Exception
to Right of Indemnification . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement
to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for
which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with
respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

8 

(c) in
connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized
the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law; or 

(d) for
conduct that is determined to be in violation of federal or state insider trading laws; or 

(e) conduct
that is determined to be knowingly fraudulent or deliberately dishonest or to constitute willful misconduct. 

10. Duration
of Agreement . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an officer
or director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any Proceeding
(or any proceeding commenced under Section 7 hereof) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting or serving in any
such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement, and until
the expiration of all applicable statutes of limitation. 

11. Security .
To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to
Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral.
Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 

12. Enforcement . 

(a) The
Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this
Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. 

(b) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(c) The
Company shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the
Indemnitee s rights to receive advancement of expenses under this Agreement. 

13. Definitions .
For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial
Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner
shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the
Company with another entity. 

(b) Change
in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

9 

(i) Acquisition
of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing thirty five percent (35 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding
securities; 

(ii) Change
in Board. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals
who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 13(b)(i), 13(b)(iii) or 13(b)(iv)) whose election by
the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors
then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously
so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty one percent
(51 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation
and with the power to elect at least a majority of the Board or other governing body of such surviving entity; 

(iv) Liquidation.
The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by
the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; and 

(v) Other
Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation
14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company
is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

(c) Corporate
Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of
any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving
at the request of the Company. 

(d) Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification
is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise 
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee
is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary. 

(f) Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder. 

(g) Expenses 
shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses,
duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses
of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding.
Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding and any federal, state, local
or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, including
without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other appeal bond or its
equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against
Indemnitee. 

10 

(h) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have or could reasonably be deemed to have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in
an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent
Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out
of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(i) Person, 
as used in Section 13(a) and Section 13(b), shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that the term Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
an employee benefit plan of the Company and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding 
includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry,
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise
and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise,
by reason of his or her Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting in his or her
Corporate Status; in each case whether or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred
for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement. 

14. Severability .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed
modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict. 

15. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties as to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior or
contemporaneous written or oral understandings or agreements, all of which are hereby terminated, with respect to the indemnification
by the Company of Indemnitee. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, nor may any right be waived, except by a writing which expressly
refers to this Agreement, states that it is intended to be a modification, amendment or waiver and is signed by both parties in the case
of a modification or amendment or by the party granting the waiver. No course of conduct or dealing between the parties and no custom
or trade usage shall be relied upon to vary the terms of this Agreement. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any
term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict
adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to either
party hereto shall impair any such right, power or remedy or shall be construed to be a waiver of or an acquiescence to any breach hereof.
No waiver of any breach hereof shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach hereof theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver
of any provision hereof shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in an applicable writing. All remedies afforded to
either party under this Agreement, by law or otherwise, shall be cumulative and not alternative and shall not preclude assertion by such
party of any other rights or the seeking of any other rights or remedies against any other party. 

11 

16. Notice
By Indemnitee . Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons,
citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to
indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have
to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices .
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail or facsimile upon confirmation of receipt by
the recipient, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or
(d) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier which provides evidence of delivery, specifying
next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company and Indemnitee at their
respective addresses, telecopier numbers or emails set forth on the signature page of this Agreement or to such other address as may have
been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18. No
Assignment . The Agreement and all obligations under this Agreement are personal to the Company and Indemnitee and may not be transferred
or delegated by such party at any time, except as contemplated by Section 19. 

19. Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective
successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of
the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. 

20. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. , www.docusign.com or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes. 

21. Headings .
The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this
Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

12 

22. Interpretation .
In this Agreement, unless the context indicates otherwise: 

(a) Any
pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular for shall include the plural and vice versa. 

(b) Including 
(and with correlative meaning include means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding
such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation. 

(c) The
words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import in this Agreement shall be
deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Agreement. 

(d) The
term or means and/or. 

23. Counterpart;
Facsimile . This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile signature or by email in portable document format (PDF) in two
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 

24. Governing
Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall
be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or
federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection
to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any
claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

Signature Page Follows 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Indemnification Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. 

Address, Telecopier and Email 
 
 Signature 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 
 411 Theodore Fremd Ave, Suite 206S 

Rye, New York 10580 
 
 By: 
 /s/ William R. Carroll 
 
 Attention: 

Dr. William Ryall Carroll, director 
 
 Telecopier: 

Email: 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy J. Scahill 

Timothy J. Scahill, director 

By: 
 /s/ Jon C.
Scahilll 

Jon C. Scahill 
 
 [Address] 

Telecopier: 

/s/ Ryan T. Logue 
 
 Email: rlogue21@gmail.com 

Ryan T. Logue 

14 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_questpatent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jon C. Scahill, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quest
Patent Research Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jon C. Scahill 

Chief Executive Officer and 
Acting Chief Financial
 Officer) 
(Principal Executive, Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_questpatent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Quest Patent Research Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon C. Scahill, chief executive officer of the
Company, and acting chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jon
 C. Scahill 

Jon C. Scahill 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Acting Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.PRE>
 5
 qprc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 qprc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 qprc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 qprc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 qprc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

