<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1213037_0001628280-23-006037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8308484</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255572</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1326346</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2801646</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2060557</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1703757</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-006037.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-006037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardiff Oncology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001213037
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				272004382
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35558
		FILM NUMBER:		23698727

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11055 FLINTKOTE AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-952-7570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11055 FLINTKOTE AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trovagene, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TrovaGene Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XENOMICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-006037.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 crdf-20221231.htm
 10-K

crdf-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered The NASDAQ Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based on a closing sale price of 2.20 per share, which was the last sale price of the common stock as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 As of February 23, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 39 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 40 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 9 C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 
 PART IV 
 46 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 
 SIGNATURES 
 49 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the reasons described in our Business, Risk Factors, and Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations, sections. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, depends, estimate, expects, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain those words. 
 
 Our operations and business prospects are always subject to risks and uncertainties including, among others: 
 
 the timing of regulatory submissions; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing product candidate and any other product candidates we may develop, and the labeling under any approval we may obtain; 
 
 approvals for clinical trials may be delayed or withheld by regulatory agencies; 
 
 pre-clinical and clinical studies will not be successful or confirm earlier results or meet expectations or meet regulatory requirements or meet performance thresholds for commercial success; 
 
 risks relating to the timing and costs of clinical trials, the timing and costs of other expenses; 
 
 risks associated with obtaining funding from third parties; 
 
 management and employee operations and execution risks; 
 
 loss of key personnel; 
 
 competition; 
 
 risks related to market acceptance of products; 
 
 intellectual property risks; 
 
 assumptions regarding the size of the available market, benefits of our products, product pricing, timing of product launches; 
 
 risks associated with the uncertainty of future financial results; 
 
 our ability to attract collaborators and partners; and 
 
 risks associated with our reliance on third party organizations. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors , together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We will need to raise substantial additional capital to develop and commercialize, our product candidate, onvansertib, and our failure to obtain funding when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or collaboration efforts. 
 
 Our product candidate is in the early stages of clinical development and its commercial viability remains subject to current and future preclinical studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and the risks generally inherent in the development of a pharmaceutical product candidate. If we are unable to successfully advance or develop our product candidate, our business will be materially harmed. 
 
 If the results of preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidate, including those that are subject to existing or future license or collaboration agreements, are unfavorable or delayed, we could be delayed or precluded from the further development or commercialization of our product candidate, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 If third party vendors upon whom we intend to rely on to conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials do not perform or fail to comply with strict regulations, these studies or trials of our product candidate may be delayed, terminated, or fail, or we could incur significant additional expenses, which could materially harm our business . 
 
 We, and our collaborators, must comply with extensive government regulations in order to advance our product candidate through the development process and ultimately obtain and maintain marketing approval for our products in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 We have limited experience in the development of therapeutic product candidates and therefore may encounter difficulties developing our product candidate or managing our operations in the future. 
 
 Clinical trials involve a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 
 
 Delays in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 
 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidate, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 
 If the manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidate, in the volumes that we require on a timely basis, or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our product candidate. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Our product candidate, if approved for sale, may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. 
 
 If we materially breach or default under the Nerviano Licensing Agreement, Nerviano will have the right to terminate the agreement and we could lose critical license rights, which would materially harm our business. 
 
 Our common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company leveraging PLK1 inhibition, a well-validated oncology drug target, to develop novel therapies across a range of cancers with the greatest unmet medical need. Our goal is to target tumor vulnerabilities with treatment combinations of onvansertib, our oral and highly selective PLK1 inhibitor, and standard of care ("SoC") therapeutics. We are focusing our clinical program in indications such as KRAS/NRAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer ("mCRC") and metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ("mPDAC"), as well as in investigator-initiated trials in triple negative breast cancer ("TNBC") and small cell lung cancer ("SCLC"). Our clinical development programs incorporate tumor genomics and biomarker assays to refine assessment of patient response to treatment. 
 
 Our Lead Drug Candidate, Onvansertib 
 
 Onvansertib is an oral, small molecule drug candidate that is highly specific for PLK1 inhibition with a 24-hour half-life. 
 
 We believe the attributes of onvansertib described below, as well as clinical evidence of favorable safety and efficacy, with expected on-target, easy to manage and reversible side effects, may prove beneficial in addressing clinical therapeutic needs across a variety of cancers: 
 
 Onvansertib is highly potent and highly selective against the PLK1 enzyme (IC 50 = 2nM; IC 50 is the concentration for 50 inhibition), compared to prior PLK1 inhibitors that were pan-inhibitors of several PLK targets. Low or no activity of onvansertib was observed on a panel of 63 kinases (IC50>500 nM), including the PLK members PLK2 and PLK3 (IC 50 >10,000 nM); 
 
 Onvansertib has a relatively short drug half-life of 24 hours, allowing for flexible dosing and scheduling which has shown favorable safety and tolerability across multiple clinical trials; 
 
 Onvansertib is orally bioavailable, allowing for relative ease and flexibility of dosing. 
 
 In vitro studies have shown synergistic effects when onvansertib was administered in combination with different cytotoxic agents including microtubule-targeting agents, topoisomerase 1 inhibitors, antimetabolites, alkylating agents, proteasome inhibitors, kinase inhibitors, PARP inhibitors, BCL-2 inhibitors, and androgen biosynthesis inhibitors. 
 
 In addition, in vivo combination studies have confirmed the positive results obtained in vitro and synergistic effects have been observed in xenograft models of onvansertib in combination with irinotecan, 5-fluorouracil ("5-FU"), abiraterone, PARP inhibitors, venetoclax, and paclitaxel, while additive effects in combination with cytarabine or bevacizumab have been demonstrated. Combining onvansertib with standard of care cancer agents provides opportunities for synergy with many cancer therapies. 
 
 There are five ongoing clinical trials of onvansertib: two trials (TROV-054 and ONSEMBLE) in second line treatment in patients with KRAS-mutated Metastatic Colorectal Cancer ("mCRC"), one trial in second line treatment in patients with Metastatic Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma ("mPDAC"), and two investigator-initiated trials in patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic Triple Negative Breast Cancer ("TNBC") and relapsed Small Cell Lung Cancer ("SCLC"). 
 
 Phase 1b/2 Clinical Trial in KRAS-mutated mCRC 
 
 TROV-054 is a Phase 1b/2 open-label multi-center clinical trial of onvansertib in combination with standard of care FOLFIRI and bevacizumab for the second line treatment of patients with KRAS-mutated mCRC, which is being conducted at seven clinical trial sites across the U.S. - USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center, The Mayo Clinic Cancer Centers (Arizona, Minnesota, and Florida), Kansas University Medical Center, Inova Schar Cancer Institute and CARTI Cancer Center. This trial completed enrollment in October 2022. 
 
 The primary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the Dose-Limiting Toxicities ("DLTs"), maximum tolerated dose ("MTD") and recommended Phase 2 dose ("RP2D") of onvansertib in combination with FOLFIRI and bevacizumab (Phase 1b) and to continue to assess the safety and preliminary efficacy of onvansertib in combination with FOLFIRI and bevacizumab patients with KRAS-mutated mCRC (Phase 2). 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The scientific rationale for this clinical trial is based on the two key principles of synthetic lethality and synergy, with the objective of demonstrating a proof-of-concept of clinical benefit within this phase 1b/2 trial. Synthetic lethality refers to a critical vulnerability to tumor cell death by way of PLK1 inhibition within CRC tumor cells harboring KRAS mutations versus KRAS wild-type isogenic cells. Synergy occurs when the combination of multiple drugs results in an unexpected greater activity than an expected additive effect of the individual drugs. Onvansertib in combination with two DNA-damaging agents, irinotecan and 5-FU (two components of FOLFIRI), demonstrated synergy in colorectal cancer cell lines and both combinations have demonstrated significantly greater tumor growth inhibition than either drug alone in CRC in vivo models. We believe this synergy occurs because PLK1 can promote the repair of DNA damage caused by chemotherapeutic agents and by inhibiting PLK1, onvansertib leaves damaged tumor cells unable to repair DNA damage from chemotherapy and then replicate. For more information, please visit NCT03829410 at www.clinicialtrials.gov . 
 
 Data presented on September 12, 2022 provided an update of the ongoing TROV-054 phase 1b/2 single arm clinical trial in KRAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer: 
 
 Objective response rate ("ORR") across all evaluable patients was 35 , with 17 of 48 evaluable patients achieving an objective response. Responses have been observed across multiple KRAS variants; 
 
 Median duration of response ("mDoR") across all evaluable patients was 11.7 months (95 confidence interval ("CI"): 8.9 not reached); 
 
 Median progression free survival ("mPFS") across all evaluable patients was 9.3 months (95 CI: 7.6 13.5). Historical control trials of different drug combinations, including the standard of care ("SOC") of FOLFIRI with bevacizumab, in similar patient populations have shown ORR and mPFS of 5 13 and ~4.5 5.7 months, respectively. 
 
 A subgroup analysis of patients who were bevacizumab na ve when they entered 2 nd line therapy vs patients who had received prior bevacizumab in 1st line therapy showed that patients who were bevacizumab na ve (n=13) had an ORR of 69 and mPFS of 13.5 months, which is well above historical controls. In contrast, patients previously treated with bevacizumab (n=35) had an ORR of 23 and mPFS of 7.8 months. 
 
 Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial in KRAS-mutated mCRC (the ONSEMBLE trial) 
 
 The ONSEMBLE trial (CRDF-003), is a Phase 2 open-label, randomized multi-center clinical trial of onvansertib in combination with standard of care FOLFIRI and bevacizumab for the second line treatment of patients with KRAS/NRAS-mutated mCRC. The trial is currently open for enrollment and will be conducted at approximately 40 clinical trial sites across the U.S. 
 
 The primary objective of the ONSEMBLE trial is to evaluate onvansertib s safety and efficacy in combination with the standard-of-care FOLFIRI/bevacizumab regimen in patients with second-line KRAS/NRAS-mutated mCRC. The trial is expected to enroll approximately 150 patients who will be randomized 1:1:1 to receive standard of care alone, standard of care plus 20 mg onvansertib, or standard of care plus 30 mg onvansertib, with onvansertib administered on days 1-5 and 15-19 of 28-day treatment cycles. 
 
 The primary endpoint of the trial is objective response rate. Progression-free survival and duration of response will be key secondary endpoints. The trial was activated during Q4 2022, with topline data anticipated in 2H 2024. For more information, please visit NCT05593328 at www.clinicialtrials.gov . 
 
 Phase 2 Clinical Trial in mPDAC 
 
 CRDF-001 is a Phase 2 open-label multi-center clinical trial of onvansertib in combination with nanoliposomal irinotecan (Onivyde ), leucovorin, and fluorouracil for second line treatment of patients with mPDAC, which is being conducted at six clinical trial sites across the U.S. The Mayo Clinic Cancer Centers (Arizona, Minnesota, and Florida), Kansas University Medical Center, Inova Schar Cancer Institute, and the University of Nebraska Medical Center. The first patient was dosed in June 2021. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 The objective of this trial is to assess the safety and preliminary efficacy of onvansertib in combination with nanoliposomal irinotecan (Onyvide ), 5-FU and leucovorin as a second-line treatment in patients with mPDAC who have failed 1 st line gemcitabine-based therapy. The trial is expected to enroll approximately 45 patients. For more information, please visit NCT04752696 at www.clinicialtrials.gov . 
 
 Preliminary data presented on September 12, 2022 provided an update of the ongoing CRDF-001 phase 2 open label clinical trial in mPDAC: 
 
 Preliminary data from 5 evaluable patients showed 1 patient achieving an initial partial response ("PR") and 3 patients achieving stable disease ("SD"); 
 
 The 4 patients achieving SD or PR remain on study; the fifth evaluable patient discontinued treatment due to disease progression and an additional 3 patients remain on study awaiting their first post-baseline scan; 
 
 Additional data is anticipated in mid 2023. 
 
 Phase 1b/2 Investigator-Initiated Clinical Trial in TNBC 
 
 A single-arm, Phase 1b/2 trial of onvansertib in combination with paclitaxel in patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC is open for enrollment at Dana Farber Cancer Institute ("DFCI"). In Phase 1b, approximately 14-16 patients will be treated with different doses of onvansertib in combination with a fixed dose of paclitaxel to determine the maximum tolerated dose and RP2D of onvansertib. In Phase 2, approximately 34 patients will be treated with the selected onvansertib RP2D in combination with paclitaxel. 
 
 The primary endpoint of Phase 2 of the trial is ORR, with PFS included as a secondary endpoint. Preliminary data from the trial are expected in Q4 2023 or Q1 2024. For more information, please visit NCT05383196 at www.clinicialtrials.gov . 
 
 Phase 2 Investigator-Initiated Clinical Trial in SCLC 
 
 A single-arm, two-stage, Phase 2 trial of onvansertib monotherapy in patients with relapsed SCLC is open for enrollment at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center ("UPMC"). The trial is designed to enroll 15 patients in Stage 1, with the study proceeding to Stage 2 if 2 or more Stage 1 patients achieve an objective response. Stage 2 is designed to enroll an additional 20 patients. The primary endpoint of the trial is ORR, while key secondary endpoints include PFS and overall survival. Preliminary data from the trial are expected in mid-2023. For more information, please visit NCT05450965 at www.clinicialtrials.gov . 

Identifying Biomarkers that Predict Patient Benefit 
 
 Our laboratory in San Diego, California, enables us to optimize drug development and patient care. In the clinical development of our lead drug candidate, onvansertib, correlative biomarker analyses are being used to help inform decisions in the evaluation of dose-response and optimal regimen for desired pharmacologic effect and safety. Additionally, some biomarkers can be used as a surrogate endpoint for efficacy and/or toxicity, as well as identifying certain patient populations that are more likely to respond to the drug therapy. 
 
 In our ongoing clinical trial in KRAS-mutated mCRC, we are quantitatively assessing changes in the KRAS mutational burden with a blood test based on ctDNA. In TROV-054, our phase 1b/2 single arm clinical trial in KRAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer, decreases in KRAS Mutant Allelic Frequency ("MAF") in ctDNA after the first cycle of treatment were highly predictive of subsequent radiographic response observed as tumor shrinkage. 

Operating Segment and Geographic Information 
 
 We operate in one business segment, using one measurement of profitability to manage our business. We do not assess the performance of geographic regions on measures of revenue or comprehensive income or expense. In addition, all of our principal operations, assets and decision-making functions are located in the U.S. We do not produce reports for, or measure the 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 performance of, geographic regions on any asset-based metrics. Therefore, geographic information is not presented for revenues or long-lived assets. 

The Market 
 
 Metastatic Colorectal Cancer 
 
 Colorectal Cancer ("CRC") is a common cause of cancer death in the US. The American Cancer Society's estimates for the number of CRC diagnoses expected in the US in 2023 are 106,970 new cases of colon cancer and 46,050 new cases of rectal cancer, with an estimated 52,550 deaths predicted during 2023. Cancer specific mortality of CRC is predominantly due to metastatic disease. Despite significant progress in the treatment of mCRC, the majority of patients with mCRC succumb to the disease. RAS mutations in the CRC population are common, with greater than 50 of tumors from CRC patients harboring a RAS mutation (43 KRAS, 9 NRAS). 
 
 The efficacy of second-line therapy in terms of response and survival prolongation remains limited. Therefore, improving the treatment options and effectiveness of treatment is critical to changing the outcomes for the KRAS-mutated patient population. 
 
 Additional Cancer Indications 
 
 We and certain investigators are currently conducting signal-finding clinical trials to explore the treatment opportunity for onvansertib in mPDAC, SCLC and TNBC. 

Collaborative Relationship 
 
 Pfizer Breakthrough Growth Initiative 
 
 In November 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Pfizer Inc., as part of the Pfizer Breakthrough Growth Initiative, pursuant to which Pfizer purchased 2.4 million shares of our common stock at a purchase price per share of 6.22 for gross proceeds of approximately 15.0 million. In connection with the stock purchase, we and Pfizer entered into an Information Rights Agreement pursuant to which Adam Schayowitz, Ph.D., MBA, Vice President Medicine Team Group Lead for Breast Cancer, Colorectal Cancer and Melanoma at Pfizer will join our Scientific Advisory Board, and until May 17, 2024 we agreed to provide Pfizer with rights of first access to any pre-clinical or final clinical data and results generated as part of the onvansertib development program at least two business days prior to us providing such data to a third party. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 We consider the protection of our proprietary technologies and products, as well as our ability to maintain patent protection that covers the composition of matter of our product candidates, their methods of use, and other related technologies and inventions, to be a critical element in the success of our business. As of December 31, 2022, our owned and licensed intellectual property included 52 issued patents and 37 pending patent applications in the U.S. and abroad, some of which are related to our legacy patent portfolio. The pending patent applications include multiple international patent applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty that may be used as the basis for multiple additional patent applications worldwide. 
 
 We licensed onvansertib from Nerviano Medical Sciences ("NMS" or "Nerviano") pursuant to a license agreement with NMS dated March 13, 2017 which grants us exclusive, worldwide licenses under a portfolio of three patent families of U.S. and foreign patents covering three broad areas: (1) onvansertib (composition of matter), related compounds and processes for making compounds; pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treating diseases characterized by dysregulated protein kinase activity; (2) salts and pharmaceutical compositions of onvansertib; methods of treating mammals in need of PLK inhibition; and (3) synergistic combinations of onvansertib and one or more of a broad range of antineoplastic agents, and pharmaceutical compositions of those combinations. Patents of this licensed portfolio will expire between 2027 and 2030. U.S. patents of this licensed patent portfolio will expire in 2030, with patent term extension up to 2035. 
 
 On September 19, 2018, we entered into an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with MIT to a patent family directed to combination therapies including an antiandrogen or androgen antagonist and a polo-like kinase inhibitor (such as onvansertib) for the treatment of cancer. The license agreement covers the rights to develop combination therapies and identified predictive clinical biomarkers across cancer types, expanding potential indications for onvansertib. Under the 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 agreement, we have exclusive rights to develop, make, use, and sell combination therapies that include an anti-androgen or androgen antagonist and a PLK inhibitor for the treatment of cancer. The exclusive license agreement is part of our strategy to explore the efficacy of onvansertib in combination with anti-androgen drugs in cancers including prostate, breast, pancreatic, lung and gastrointestinal. 
 
 The licensed MIT patent family includes U.S. Patent Nos. 9,566,280, 10,155,006, and 10,772,898, which will expire in 2035, with patent term extension up to 2040. U.S. Patent No. 9,566,280 encompasses using abiraterone in combination with onvansertib to treat cancer. U.S. Patent Nos. 10,155,006 and 10,772,898 broaden previously issued U.S. Patent No. 9,566,280, by expanding the use of onvansertib to encompass combination therapies with any anti-androgen and androgen antagonist drug, such as Zytiga , Xtandi and Erleada for the treatment of metastatic and non-metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. 
 
 Our owned intellectual property includes eighteen patent families related to onvansertib. These families include patent applications directed to treating cancer using PLK1 inhibitors and determining efficacy of the treatment, treating benign prostatic hyperplasia using onvansertib, treating prostate cancer using PLK1 inhibitors, determining or predicting efficacies or responsiveness of PLK1 inhibitor treatments based on biomarkers, and treating cancers with combination therapies of PLK1 inhibitors (including combination therapies of PLK1 inhibitors with B-cell lymphoma 2 inhibitors or poly ADP ribose polymerase inhibitors). Any patents issued in these families will expire between 2039 and 2043. One of the patent families includes patent applications directed to selecting and treating cancers with combination therapies of PLK1 inhibitors. MIT and we co-own this family. On November 17, 2021, we amended the Exclusive Patent License Agreement with MIT to include this patent family. 
 
 Wherever possible, we seek to protect our inventions by filing U.S. patent applications as well as foreign counterpart applications in select countries. Because patent applications in the U.S. are maintained in secrecy for at least eighteen months after the applications are filed, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for protection of inventions set forth in such patent applications. Our planned or potential products may be covered by third-party patents or other intellectual property rights, in which case continued development and marketing of our products would require a license. Required licenses may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not obtain these licenses, we could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to design around the patents, or we could find that the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such licenses are not possible. 
 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on know-how, trade secrets and the careful monitoring of proprietary information, all of which can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect some of our proprietary technologies and processes by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors. These agreements may be breached, we may not have adequate remedies for any breach and our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that intellectual property owned by others is used by our employees, consultants or contractors, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 

Manufacturing and Distribution 
 
 We currently rely on third-party manufacturers and distributors to supply and distribute onvansertib used in our clinical studies and nonclinical development programs. 

Government Regulation 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry that is subject to significant federal, state, local and foreign regulation. Our present and future business has been, and will continue to be, subject to a variety of laws including, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act ), and the Public Health Service Act, among others. 
 
 The FDC Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacturing, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these laws and regulations, product development and product approval processes are very expensive and time-consuming. 
 
 FDA Approval Process 
 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products, including biologics, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The FDC Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, storage, record keeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications NDAs or Biologics License Applications BLAs warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. 
 
 Pharmaceutical product development in the United States typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application ("IND"), which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug or biologic for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 
 
 Pre-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential pharmacology and toxicity of the product. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including good laboratory practices. The results of pre-clinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term pre-clinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 
 A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has not objected to the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 
 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with federal regulations and Good Clinical Practices GCP as well as under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 
 The FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The clinical trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an Institutional Review Board IRB for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 
 
 Clinical trials to support NDAs or BLAs, which are applications for marketing approval, are typically conducted in three sequential Phases, but the Phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the investigational drug candidate into healthy human subjects or patients, the investigational drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. 
 
 Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population, to determine the effectiveness of the investigational drug for a particular indication or indications, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and identify common adverse effects and safety risks. In the case of product candidates for severe or life-threatening diseases such as cancer, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients rather than in healthy volunteers. 
 
 If an investigational drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken to obtain additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational drug and to provide adequate information for its labeling. 
 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA or, in the case of a biologic, a BLA, is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the marketing application is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The marketing application must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture, and controls. 
 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 review of marketing applications. Most such applications for non-priority drug products are reviewed within ten months. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information submitted during the review or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving a marketing application, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. 
 
 Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the NDA or, in the case of a biologic, the BLA unless compliance with CGMPs is satisfactory and the marketing application contains data that provide substantial evidence that the product is safe and effective in the indication studied. Manufacturers of biologics also must comply with FDA s general biological product standards. 
 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed in a resubmission of the marketing application, the FDA will re-initiate their review. If the FDA is satisfied that the deficiencies have been addressed, the agency will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. It is not unusual for the FDA to issue a complete response letter because it believes that the drug product is not safe enough or effective enough or because it does not believe that the data submitted are reliable or conclusive. 
 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of approval of the marketing application, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug product s safety or efficacy and may impose other conditions, including labeling restrictions, which can materially affect the product s potential market and profitability. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained, or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 
 Other Regulatory Requirements 
 
 Once a NDA or BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of therapeutic products, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. 
 
 Biologics may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement, before the change can be implemented. A BLA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing BLA supplements as it does in reviewing BLAs. We cannot be certain that the FDA or any other regulatory agency will grant approval for our product candidate for any other indications or any other product candidate for any indication on a timely basis, if at all. 
 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of a BLA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control as well as product manufacturing, packaging, and labeling procedures must continue to conform to CGMPs after approval. Manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with CGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain compliance with CGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, to which we are subject, prohibits corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business or to influence a person working in an official capacity. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. 
 
 Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of drug and biologic product candidates which obtain marketing approval. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical manufacturers are exposed, directly, or indirectly, through customers, to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may affect the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which a pharmaceutical manufacturer can market, sell and distribute drug and biologic products. These laws include, but are not limited to: 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute which prohibits, any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in-kind, to induce or reward either the referring of an individual for, or the purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid, or any other federally financed healthcare program. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other hand. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. 
 
 The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws, including the Federal False Claims Act, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made, a false statement or record material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. Criminal prosecution is also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government. Several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the company s marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. 
 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA which, among other things, imposes criminal liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and creates federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements or representations, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, benefits, items or services. 
 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH and its implementing regulations, which impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, transmission and breach reporting of individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the law, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers and their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department of Health and Human Services HHS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 
 State and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 
 
 State and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs, comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or to track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided to physicians and other healthcare providers, and other federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information or personally identifiable information in certain circumstances, including state health information privacy and data breach notification laws which govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus requiring additional compliance efforts. 
 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it is possible that some business activities can be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. 
 
 Ensuring that business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is costly and time consuming. If business operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other applicable governmental regulations a pharmaceutical manufacturer may be subject to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from governmental funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment or restructuring of operations, any of which could adversely affect a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to operate its business and the results of its operations. 
 
 Healthcare Reform in the United States 
 
 In the United States, there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect the future results of pharmaceutical manufactures operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act PPACA was enacted in March 2010, which includes measures to significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the PPACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 
 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 
 
 implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act 
 
 a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 
 
 a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

14 

Table of Contents 

 establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; 
 
 an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price AMP 
 
 a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidate, that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 
 
 extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 
 
 expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 
 
 a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 
 
 expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program. 
 
 Some of the provisions of the PPACA have yet to be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. During President Trump's administration, he signed two executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the PPACA. Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress has not passed repeal legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace elements of the PPACA. 
 
 Many of the details regarding the implementation of the PPACA are yet to be determined, and at this time, the full effect that the PPACA would have on a pharmaceutical manufacturer remains unclear. In particular, there is uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the biosimilars provisions under the PPACA. The FDA has issued several guidance documents, but no implementing regulations, on biosimilars. A number of biosimilar applications have been approved over the past few years. The regulations that are ultimately promulgated and their implementation are likely to have considerable impact on the way pharmaceutical manufacturers conduct their business and may require changes to current strategies. A biosimilar is a biological product that is highly similar to an approved drug notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the approved drug in terms of the safety, purity, and potency of the product. 
 
 Individual states have become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce ultimate demand for certain products or put pressure on product pricing, which could negatively affect a pharmaceutical manufacturer s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 In addition, given recent federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. While no one can predict the full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to generate revenue. Increases in importation 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure on a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to profitably price products, which, in turn, could adversely affect business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. A pharmaceutical manufacturer might elect not to seek approval for or market products in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue generated from product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 
 
 Regulation in the European Union 
 
 Biologics are also subject to extensive regulation outside of the United States. In the European Union, for example, there is a centralized approval procedure that authorizes marketing of a product in all countries of the European Union, which includes most major countries in Europe. If this procedure is not used, approval in one country of the European Union can be used to obtain approval in another country of the European Union under two simplified application processes, the mutual recognition procedure, or the decentralized procedure, both of which rely on the principle of mutual recognition. After receiving regulatory approval through any of the European registration procedures, pricing and reimbursement approvals are also required in most countries. 
 
 Other Regulations 
 
 We are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances and biological materials. We may incur significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. 
 
 Some drugs benefit from additional government incentives. Orphan drugs receive special consideration from the FDA in order to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop treatments for rare diseases. Incentives for the development of orphan drugs include quicker approval time and potential financial assistance, including waiver of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ). Companies are often permitted to charge substantial prices for orphan drugs, making them more profitable than they would be without government intervention. As a result, the development of orphan drugs continues to grow at a faster rate than the development of traditional pharmaceuticals. 

Competition 

Onvansertib is not the first PLK inhibitor that has entered clinical development; however, we believe it currently is the only oral PLK1 inhibitor in active clinical development that delivers highly selective PLK1 inhibition. Onvansertib is also synergistic in combination with numerous chemotherapies and targeted therapeutics and may enhance and/or extend response to treatment across a number of solid tumor cancers and hematologic malignancies. In five clinical trials with over 200 patients, onvansertib was shown to be well-tolerated when dosed as a single agent or in combination with other therapies. 
 
 The PLK inhibitor that reached the latest stage of clinical development (Phase 3), is volasertib, a pan-PLK inhibitor developed by Boehringer Ingelheim. Boehringer Ingelheim was developing volasertib plus LDAC for the treatment of AML which did not meet the primary endpoint of ORR (EHA 2016). The data showed an unfavorable overall survival trend with the safety profile of volasertib plus LDAC considered as the main reason. Volasertib's safety profile may have resulted from the fact that its inhibition of PLK1 is not highly selective and it also inhibits PLK2 and PLK3. By contrast, onvansertib is able to deliver much more selective inhibition of PLK1 than volasertib. Onvansertib also has a half-life of 24 hours vs. volasertib's 135 hours and it is orally administered. 
 
 One additional PLK1 inhibitor in early-stage clinical development is plogosertib, which is being developed by Cyclacel. Plogosertib has primary selectivity for PLK1 and secondary selectivity for PLK2 and PLK3. 

Human Capital 
 
 The human capital objectives we focus on in managing our business include attracting, developing, and retaining key personnel. Our employees are critical to the success of our organization and we are committed to supporting our employees professional development. We believe our management team has the experience necessary to effectively implement our growth strategy and continue to drive shareholder value. We provide competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain key personnel, while also providing a safe, inclusive and respectful workplace. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 As of February 23, 2023, we had a total of 26 employees, 25 of whom were full-time. Based on self-identification data 50 of our employees identify as women and 38 of our employees identify as a racial or ethnic minority. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Corporation Information 
 
 We were originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida in April 2002. In January 2010, we re-incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and changed our name to Trovagene, Inc. In May 2012, our common stock was listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq") under the ticker symbol TROV. In May 2020 we changed our name to Cardiff Oncology, Inc. and our Nasdaq ticker symbol changed to CRDF. Our corporate website address is www.cardiffoncology.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge at www.cardiffoncology.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor is it in any way a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports are also available at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of our securities could decline, and investors in our company may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We are a clinical stage company and may never earn a profit. 
 
 We are a clinical stage company and have incurred losses since our formation. As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated total deficit of approximately 298.1 million. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a net loss attributable to common stockholders of approximately 38.7 million and 28.3 million, respectively. To date, we have experienced negative cash flow from development of our product candidate, onvansertib. We have generated limited revenue from operations, and we expect to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future as we seek to further develop and commercialize onvansertib. We cannot predict the extent of these future net losses, or when we may attain profitability, if at all. If we are unable to generate significant revenue from onvansertib or attain profitability, we will not be able to sustain operations. 
 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing and commercializing onvansertib, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will attain profitability, if ever. We may never become profitable and you may never receive a return on an investment in our common stock. An investor in our common stock must carefully consider the substantial challenges, risks and uncertainties inherent in the attempted development and commercialization of onvansertib. We may never successfully commercialize onvansertib, and our business may not be successful. 
 
 We will need to raise substantial additional capital to develop and commercialize onvansertib and our failure to obtain funding when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or collaboration efforts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balance was approximately 105.3 million and our working capital was approximately 103.5 million. Due to our recurring losses from operations and the expectation that we will continue to incur losses in the future, we will be required to raise additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our current product candidate. We have historically relied upon private and public sales of our equity, as well as debt financings to fund our operations. In order to raise additional capital, we may seek to sell additional equity and/or debt securities or obtain a credit facility or other loan, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of our product 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 candidate, restrict our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unfavorable terms. Failure to obtain additional capital at acceptable terms would result in a material and adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 Our product candidate, onvansertib, is in the early stages of clinical development and its commercial viability remains subject to current and future preclinical studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and the risks generally inherent in the development of a pharmaceutical product candidate. If we are unable to successfully advance or develop our product candidate, our business will be materially harmed. 
 
 In the near-term, failure to successfully advance the development of our product candidate may have a material adverse effect on us. To date, we have not successfully developed or commercially marketed, distributed or sold any product candidate. The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to successfully advance the development of our product candidate through preclinical studies and clinical trials, have the product candidate approved for sale by the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries, and ultimately have the product candidate successfully commercialized by us or a strategic partner. We cannot assure you that the results of our ongoing preclinical studies or clinical trials will support or justify the continued development of our product candidate, or that we will receive approval from the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities in other countries, to advance the development of our product candidate. 
 
 Our product candidate must satisfy rigorous regulatory standards of safety and efficacy before we can advance or complete its clinical development or it can be approved for sale. To satisfy these standards, we must engage in expensive and lengthy preclinical studies and clinical trials, develop acceptable manufacturing processes, and obtain regulatory approval of our product candidate. Despite these efforts, our product candidate may not: 
 
 offer therapeutic or other medical benefits over existing drugs or other product candidates in development to treat the same patient population; 
 
 be proven to be safe and effective in current and future preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 
 have the desired effects; 
 
 be free from undesirable or unexpected effects; 
 
 meet applicable regulatory standards; 
 
 be capable of being formulated and manufactured in commercially suitable quantities and at an acceptable cost; or 
 
 be successfully commercialized by us or by collaborators. 
 
 Even if we demonstrate favorable results in preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials, we cannot assure you that the results of late-stage clinical trials will be favorable enough to support the continued development of our product candidate. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries have experienced significant delays, setbacks and failures in all stages of development, including late-stage clinical trials, even after achieving promising results in preclinical testing or early-stage clinical trials. Accordingly, results from completed preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials of our product candidate may not be predictive of the results we may obtain in later-stage trials. Furthermore, even if the data collected from preclinical studies and clinical trials involving our product candidate demonstrate a favorable safety and efficacy profile, such results may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or a Biologics License Application ("BLA") to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA in the U.S., or other similar regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions, which is required to market and sell the product. 
 
 Our product candidate will require significant additional research and development efforts, the commitment of substantial financial resources, and regulatory approvals prior to advancing into further clinical development or being commercialized by us or collaborators. We cannot assure you that our product candidate will successfully progress through the drug development process or will result in commercially viable products. We do not expect our product candidate to be commercialized by us or collaborators for at least several years. 
 
 Our product candidate may exhibit undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other approved pharmaceutical products or investigational new drugs, which may delay or preclude further development or regulatory approval, or limit their use if approved. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Throughout the drug development process, we must continually demonstrate the safety and tolerability of our product candidate to obtain regulatory approval to further advance clinical development or to market it. Even if our product candidate demonstrates biologic activity and clinical efficacy, any unacceptable adverse side effects or toxicities, when administered alone or in the presence of other pharmaceutical products, which can arise at any stage of development, may outweigh potential benefits. In preclinical studies and clinical trials we have conducted to date, our product candidate s safety profile is based on studies and trials that have involved a small number of subjects or patients over a limited period of time. We may observe adverse or significant adverse events or drug-drug interactions in future preclinical studies or clinical trial candidates, which could result in the delay or termination of development, prevent regulatory approval, or limit market acceptance if ultimately approved. 
 
 If the results of preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidate, including those that are subject to existing or future license or collaboration agreements, are unfavorable or delayed, we could be delayed or precluded from the further development or commercialization of our product candidate, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 In order to further advance the development of, and ultimately receive regulatory approval to sell, our product candidate, we must conduct extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate its safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory authorities in other countries, as the case may be. Preclinical studies and clinical trials are expensive, complex, can take many years to complete, and have highly uncertain outcomes. Delays, setbacks, or failures can occur at any time, or in any phase of preclinical or clinical testing, and can result from concerns about safety or toxicity, a lack of demonstrated efficacy or superior efficacy over other similar products that have been approved for sale or are in more advanced stages of development, poor study or trial design, and issues related to the formulation or manufacturing process of the materials used to conduct the trials. The results of prior preclinical studies or clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of the results we may observe in later stage clinical trials. In many cases, product candidates in clinical development may fail to show desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having favorably demonstrated such characteristics in preclinical studies or earlier stage clinical trials. 
 
 In addition, we may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, preclinical studies and the clinical trial process, which could delay or impede our ability to advance the development of, receive regulatory approval for, or commercialize our product candidate, including, but not limited to: 
 
 communications with the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities in different countries, regarding the scope or design of a trial or trials; 
 
 regulatory authorities, including an IRB or Ethical Committee EC ), not authorizing us to commence or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
 
 enrollment in our clinical trials being delayed, or proceeding at a slower pace than we expected, because we have difficulty recruiting patients or participants dropping out of our clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipated; 
 
 our third party contractors, upon whom we rely for conducting preclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing of our trial materials, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner; 
 
 having to suspend or ultimately terminate our clinical trials if participants are being exposed to unacceptable health or safety risks; 
 
 IRBs, ECs or regulators requiring that we hold, suspend or terminate our preclinical studies and clinical trials for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements; and 
 
 the supply or quality of drug material necessary to conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials being insufficient, inadequate or unavailable. 
 
 Even if the data collected from preclinical studies or clinical trials involving our product candidates demonstrate a favorable safety and efficacy profile, such results may not be sufficient to support the submission of a NDA or BLA to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA in the U.S., or other similar foreign regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions, which is required to market and sell the product. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 If third party vendors upon whom we intend to rely on to conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials do not perform or fail to comply with strict regulations, these studies or trials of our product candidate may be delayed, terminated, or fail, or we could incur significant additional expenses, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 We have limited resources dedicated to designing, conducting and managing preclinical studies and clinical trials. We intend to rely on third parties, including clinical research organizations, consultants and principal investigators, to assist us in designing, managing, monitoring and conducting our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We intend to rely on these vendors and individuals to perform many facets of the drug development process, including certain preclinical studies, the recruitment of sites and patients for participation in our clinical trials, maintenance of good relations with the clinical sites, and ensuring that these sites are conducting our trials in compliance with the trial protocol, including safety monitoring and applicable regulations. If these third parties fail to perform satisfactorily, or do not adequately fulfill their obligations under the terms of our agreements with them, we may not be able to enter into alternative arrangements without undue delay or additional expenditures, and therefore the preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidate may be delayed or prove unsuccessful. Further, the FDA, or other similar foreign regulatory authorities, may inspect some of the clinical sites participating in our clinical trials in the U.S., or our third-party vendors sites, to determine if our clinical trials are being conducted according to Good Clinical Practices. If we or the FDA determine that our third-party vendors are not in compliance with, or have not conducted our clinical trials according to, applicable regulations we may be forced to delay, repeat or terminate such clinical trials. 
 
 We have limited capacity for recruiting and managing clinical trials, which could impair our timing to initiate or complete clinical trials of our product candidate and materially harm our business. 
 
 We have limited capacity to recruit and manage the clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA approval or approval by other regulatory authorities. By contrast, larger pharmaceutical and bio-pharmaceutical companies often have substantial staff with extensive experience in conducting clinical trials with multiple product candidates across multiple indications. In addition, they may have greater financial resources to compete for the same clinical investigators and patients that we are attempting to recruit for our clinical trials. If potential competitors are successful in completing drug development for their product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA, they could limit the demand for onvansertib. 
 
 As a result, we may be at a competitive disadvantage that could delay the initiation, recruitment, timing, completion of our clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals, if at all, for our product candidate. 
 
 We, and our collaborators, must comply with extensive government regulations in order to advance our product candidate through the development process and ultimately obtain and maintain marketing approval for our products in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 The product candidate that we, or our collaborators, are developing requires regulatory approval to advance through clinical development and to ultimately be marketed and sold, and are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic and foreign government regulation. In the U.S., the FDA regulates, among other things, the development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record-keeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products. Our product candidate is also subject to similar regulation by foreign governments to the extent we seek to develop or market it in those countries. We, or our collaborators, must provide the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, if applicable, with preclinical and clinical data, as well as data supporting an acceptable manufacturing process, that appropriately demonstrate our product candidate s safety and efficacy before it can be approved for the targeted indications. Our product candidate has not been approved for sale in the U.S. or any foreign market, and we cannot predict whether we or our collaborators will obtain regulatory approval for any product candidates we are developing or plan to develop. The regulatory review and approval process can take many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity, novelty of, and medical need for the product candidate, requires the expenditure of substantial resources, and involves post-marketing surveillance and vigilance and ongoing requirements for post-marketing studies or Phase 4 clinical trials. In addition, we or our collaborators may encounter delays in, or fail to gain, regulatory approval for our product candidate based upon additional governmental regulation resulting from future legislative, administrative action or changes in FDA s or other similar foreign regulatory authorities policy or interpretation during the period of product development. Delays or failures in obtaining regulatory approval to advance our product candidate through clinical development, and ultimately commercialize them, may: 
 
 adversely impact our ability to raise sufficient capital to fund the development of our product candidate; 
 
 adversely affect our ability to further develop or commercialize our product candidate; 
 
 diminish any competitive advantages that we or our collaborators may have or attain; and 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

adversely affect the receipt of potential milestone payments and royalties from the sale of our products or product revenues. 
 
 Furthermore, any regulatory approvals, if granted, may later be withdrawn. If we or our collaborators fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at any time, or if post-approval safety concerns arise, we or our collaborators may be subject to restrictions or a number of actions, including: 
 
 delays, suspension or termination of clinical trials related to our products; 
 
 refusal by regulatory authorities to review pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 
 
 product recalls or seizures; 
 
 suspension of manufacturing; 
 
 withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications; and 
 
 fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecutions. 
 
 Additionally, at any time we or our collaborators may voluntarily suspend or terminate the preclinical or clinical development of a product candidate, or withdraw any approved product from the market if we believe that it may pose an unacceptable safety risk to patients, or if the product candidate or approved product no longer meets our business objectives. The ability to develop or market a pharmaceutical product outside of the U.S. is contingent upon receiving appropriate authorization from the respective foreign regulatory authorities. Foreign regulatory approval processes typically include many, if not all, of the risks and requirements associated with the FDA regulatory process for drug development and may include additional risks. 
 
 We have limited experience in the development of therapeutic product candidates and therefore may encounter difficulties developing our product candidate or managing our operations in the future. 
 
 We have limited experience in the discovery, development and manufacturing of therapeutic compounds. In order to successfully develop our product candidate, we must continuously supplement our research, clinical development, regulatory, medicinal chemistry, virology and manufacturing capabilities through the addition of key employees, consultants or third-party contractors to provide certain capabilities and skill sets that we do not possess. 
 
 Furthermore, we have adopted an operating model that largely relies on the outsourcing of a number of responsibilities and key activities to third-party consultants, and contract research and manufacturing organizations in order to advance the development of our product candidate. Therefore, our success depends in part on our ability to retain highly qualified key management, personnel, and directors to develop, implement and execute our business strategy, operate the company and oversee the activities of our consultants and contractors, as well as academic and corporate advisors or consultants to assist us in this regard. We are currently highly dependent upon the efforts of our management team. In order to develop our product candidate, we need to retain or attract certain personnel, consultants or advisors with experience in drug development activities that include a number of disciplines, including research and development, clinical trials, medical matters, government regulation of pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, formulation and chemistry, business development, accounting, finance, regulatory affairs, human resources and information systems. We are highly dependent upon our senior management and scientific staff, particularly Mark Erlander, our Chief Executive Officer CEO ). The loss of services of Dr. Erlander or one or more of our other members of senior management could delay or prevent the successful completion of our planned clinical trials or the commercialization of our product candidate. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading academic institutions, clinicians and scientists. The competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceuticals field is intense. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development and commercial activities. While we have not had difficulties recruiting qualified individuals, to date, we may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other companies. Although we have not experienced material difficulties in retaining key personnel in the past, we may not be able to continue to do so in the future on acceptable terms, if at all. If we lose any key managers or employees, or are unable to attract and retain 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 qualified key personnel, directors, advisors or consultants, the development of our product candidate could be delayed or terminated and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Clinical trials involve a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 
 
 Our product candidate may not prove to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials and may not meet all the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive regulatory approval. In order to receive regulatory approval for the commercialization of our product candidate, we must conduct, at our own expense, extensive preclinical testing and clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our product candidate for the intended indication of use. Clinical testing is expensive, can take many years to complete, if at all, and its outcome is uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. 
 
 The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of new drugs do not necessarily predict the results of later-stage clinical trials . The design of our clinical trials is based on many assumptions about the expected effects of our product candidate, and if those assumptions are incorrect it may not produce statistically significant results. Preliminary results may not be confirmed on full analysis of the detailed results of an early clinical trial. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show safety and efficacy sufficient to support intended use claims despite having progressed through initial clinical testing. The data collected from clinical trials of our product candidate may not be sufficient to support the filing of an NDA or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere. Because of the uncertainties associated with drug development and regulatory approval, we cannot determine if or when we will have an approved product for commercialization or achieve sales or profits. 
 
 Delays in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 
 
 We may experience delays in clinical testing of our product candidate. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, will need to be redesigned or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial, in securing clinical trial agreements with prospective sites with acceptable terms, in obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site, in recruiting patients to participate in a clinical trial or in obtaining sufficient supplies of clinical trial materials. Many factors affect patient enrollment, including the size of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and new drugs approved for the conditions we are investigating. Clinical investigators will need to decide whether to offer their patients enrollment in clinical trials of our product candidate versus treating these patients with commercially available drugs that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development, timeliness and approval process and delay our ability to generate revenue. 
 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidate, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that our existing product candidate or any product candidate we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 
 Our product candidate could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 
 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

22 

Table of Contents 

 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; 
 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the companion diagnostics we contemplate developing with partners; and 
 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 
 This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidate, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve our product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidate. 
 
 We have not previously submitted a BLA, or a NDA, to the FDA, or similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for our product candidate, and we cannot be certain that our product candidate will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidate may not receive regulatory approval even if it is successful in clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidate, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market one or more of our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part, upon our collaborators ability to obtain regulatory approval of the companion diagnostics to be used with our product candidates, as well as the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for patients that we are targeting for our product candidate are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products, if approved. 
 
 We plan to seek regulatory approval and to commercialize our product candidate, directly or with a collaborator, worldwide including the United States, the European Union and other additional foreign countries which we have not yet identified. While the scope of regulatory approval is similar in other countries, to obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our product candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. 
 
 We may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials due to unexpected side effects or other safety risks that could preclude approval of our product candidate. 
 
 Our clinical trials may be suspended at any time for a number of reasons. For example, we may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that they present an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. In addition, the FDA or other regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to the clinical trial patients. 
 
 Administering our product candidate to humans may produce undesirable side effects. These side effects could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials of our product candidates and could result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities denying further development or approval of our product candidate for any or all targeted indications. Ultimately, our product candidate may prove to be unsafe for human use. Moreover, we could be subject to significant liability if any volunteer or patient suffers, or appears to suffer, adverse health effects as a result of participating in our clinical trials. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial enforcement actions, including civil and criminal penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 As a developer of pharmaceuticals, even though we do not intend to make referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse, false claims and patients privacy rights are and will be applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws and patient privacy laws of both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws include: 
 
 the federal healthcare program anti-kickback law, which prohibits, among other things, persons from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 
 federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us which provide coding and billing information to customers; 
 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 
 
 the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug manufacturing and product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing drug products for off-label use and regulates the distribution of drug samples; and 
 
 state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 
 
 If we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements, we may not be able to commercialize our product candidate. 
 
 We need FDA approval prior to marketing our product candidate in the United States. If we fail to obtain FDA approval to market our product candidate, we will be unable to sell our product candidate in the United States and we will not generate any revenue. 
 
 The FDA s review and approval process, including among other things, evaluation of preclinical studies and clinical trials of a product candidate as well as the manufacturing process and facility, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. To receive approval, we must, among other things, demonstrate with substantial evidence from well-designed and well-controlled pre-clinical testing and clinical trials that the product candidate is both safe and effective for each indication for which approval is sought. Satisfaction of these requirements typically takes several years and the time needed to satisfy them may vary substantially, based on the type, complexity and novelty of the pharmaceutical product. We cannot predict if or when we will submit an NDA for approval for our product candidate currently under development. Any approvals we may obtain may not cover all of the clinical indications for which we are seeking approval or may contain significant limitations on the conditions of use. 
 
 The FDA has substantial discretion in the NDA review process and may either refuse to file our NDA for substantive review or may decide that our data is insufficient to support approval of our product candidate for the claimed intended uses. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Following any regulatory approval of our product candidate, we will be subject to continuing regulatory obligations such as safety reporting, required and additional post marketing obligations, and regulatory oversight of promotion and marketing. Even if we receive regulatory approvals, the FDA may subsequently seek to withdraw approval of our NDA if we determine that new data or a reevaluation of existing data show the product is unsafe for use under the conditions of use upon the basis of which the NDA was approved, or based on new evidence of adverse effects or adverse clinical experience, or upon other new information. If the FDA does not file or approve our NDA or withdraws approval of our NDA, the FDA may require that we conduct additional clinical trials, preclinical or manufacturing studies and submit that data before it will reconsider our application. Depending on the extent of these or any other requested studies, approval of any applications that we submit may be delayed by several years, may require us to expend more resources than we have available, or may never be obtained at all. 
 
 We will also be subject to a wide variety of foreign regulations governing the development, manufacture and marketing of our products to the extent we seek regulatory approval to develop and market our product candidate in a foreign jurisdiction. As of the date hereof we have not identified any foreign jurisdictions which we intend to seek approval from. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must still be obtained prior to marketing the product in those countries. The approval process varies and the time needed to secure approval in any region such as the European Union or in a country with an independent review procedure may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. We cannot assure you that clinical trials conducted in one country will be accepted by other countries or that an approval in one country or region will result in approval elsewhere. 
 
 If our product candidate is unable to compete effectively with marketed drugs targeting similar indications as our product candidate, our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 
 
 We face competition generally from established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as from academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Small or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize any drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer side effects or are less expensive than our product candidate. These potential competitors compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient enrollment for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies and technology licenses complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business. 
 
 If approved and commercialized, onvansertib would compete with the prescription therapies already approved for treatment within the targeted therapeutic area. To our knowledge, other potential competitors are in earlier stages of development. If potential competitors are successful in completing drug development for their product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA, they could limit the demand for onvansertib. 
 
 We expect that our ability to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to: 
 
 successfully identify and develop key points of product differentiations from currently available therapies; 
 
 successfully and rapidly complete clinical trials and submit for and obtain all requisite regulatory approvals in a cost-effective manner; 
 
 maintain a proprietary position for our products and manufacturing processes and other related product technology; 
 
 attract and retain key personnel; 
 
 develop relationships with physicians prescribing these products; and 
 
 build an adequate sales and marketing infrastructure for our product candidates. 
 
 Because we will be competing against significantly larger companies with established track records, we will have to demonstrate that, based on experience, clinical data, side-effect profiles and other factors, our products, if approved, are competitive with other products. If we are unable to compete effectively and differentiate our products from other marketed drugs, we may never generate meaningful revenue. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 If the manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidate, in the volumes that we require on a timely basis, or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our product candidate. 
 
 We do not currently possess internal manufacturing capacity. We plan to utilize the services of GMP, FDA validated contract manufacturers to manufacture our clinical supplies. Any curtailment in the availability of onvansertib, however, could result in production or other delays with consequent adverse effects on us. In addition, because regulatory authorities must generally approve raw material sources for pharmaceutical products, changes in raw material suppliers may result in production delays or higher raw material costs. 
 
 We continue to pursue API and drug product supply agreements with other manufacturers. We may be required to agree to minimum volume requirements, exclusivity arrangements or other restrictions with the contract manufacturers. We may not be able to enter into long-term agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we change or add manufacturers, the FDA and comparable foreign regulators may require approval of the changes. Approval of these changes could require new testing by the manufacturer and compliance inspections to ensure the manufacturer is conforming to all applicable laws and regulations and GMP. In addition, the new manufacturers would have to be educated in or independently develop the processes necessary for the production of our product candidate. 
 
 The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products may encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product and quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with federal, state and foreign regulations. In addition, any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of our clinical trials, increase the costs associated with conducting our clinical trials and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at significant additional expense or to terminate a clinical trial. 
 
 We will be responsible for ensuring that each of our future contract manufacturers comply with the GMP requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities from which we seek to obtain product approval. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of records and documentation. The approval process for NDAs includes a review of the manufacturer s compliance with GMP requirements. We will be responsible for regularly assessing a contract manufacturer s compliance with GMP requirements through record reviews and periodic audits and for ensuring that the contract manufacturer takes responsibility and corrective action for any identified deviations. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with these GMP requirements and with other FDA and foreign regulatory requirements, if any. 
 
 While we will oversee compliance by our contract manufacturers, ultimately, we will not have control over our manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of our product candidate is compromised due to a manufacturers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates, and we may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, approvals or commercialization of onvansertib or other product candidates, entail higher costs or result in us being unable to effectively commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, if our manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, we may be unable to meet demand for any approved products and would lose potential revenues. 
 
 We may not be able to manufacture our product candidate in commercial quantities, which would prevent us from commercializing our product candidate. 
 
 To date, our product candidate has been manufactured in small quantities for preclinical studies and clinical trials. If our product candidate is approved by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in other countries for commercial sale, we will need to manufacture such product candidate in larger quantities. We may not be able to increase successfully the manufacturing capacity for our product candidate in a timely or economic manner, or at all. Significant scale-up of manufacturing may require additional validation studies, which the FDA must review and approve. If we are unable to increase successfully the manufacturing capacity for a product candidate, the clinical trials as well as the regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product candidate may be delayed or there may be a shortage in supply. Our product candidate requires precise, high-quality manufacturing. Our failure to achieve and maintain these high-quality manufacturing standards in collaboration with our third-party manufacturers, including the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 or death, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Materials necessary to manufacture our product candidate may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which may delay the development and commercialization of our product candidate. 
 
 We rely on third party manufacturers to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce bulk APIs, and product candidates for our clinical trials, and we will rely on such manufacturers and any additional similar manufacturers to purchase such materials to produce the APIs and finished products for any commercial distribution of our products if we obtain marketing approval. Suppliers may not sell these materials to our manufacturers at the time they need them in order to meet our required delivery schedule or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these materials by our manufacturers. If our manufacturers are unable to obtain these materials for our clinical trials, testing of the affected product candidate would be delayed, which may significantly impact our ability to develop the product candidate. If we or our manufacturers are unable to purchase these materials after regulatory approval has been obtained for one of our products, the commercial launch of such product would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply of such product, which would harm our ability to generate revenues from such product and achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 Our product candidate, if approved for sale, may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. 
 
 If our product candidate is approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the degree of market acceptance of any approved product by physicians, healthcare professionals and third-party payors and our profitability and growth will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
 demonstration of safety and efficacy; 
 
 changes in the practice guidelines and the standard of care for the targeted indication; 
 
 relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 
 the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 
 
 budget impact of adoption of our product on relevant drug formularies and the availability, cost and potential advantages of alternative treatments, including less expensive generic drugs; 
 
 pricing, reimbursement and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control; 
 
 effectiveness of our or any of our partners sales and marketing strategies; 
 
 the product labeling or product insert required by the FDA or regulatory authority in other countries; and 
 
 the availability of adequate third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement. 
 
 If any product candidate that we develop does not provide a treatment regimen that is as beneficial as, or is perceived as being as beneficial as, the current standard of care or otherwise does not provide patient benefit, that product candidate, if approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, likely will not achieve market acceptance. Our ability to effectively promote and sell any approved products will also depend on pricing and cost-effectiveness, including our ability to produce a product at a competitive price and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients and third-party payors, our ability to generate revenues from that product would be substantially reduced. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources, may be constrained by FDA rules and policies on product promotion, and may never be successful. 
 
 Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can impact the use of our product. 
 
 Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our product. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations or guidelines suggesting the reduced use of our products or the use of competitive or alternative products that are followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use of our proposed product. 
 
 If third-party contract manufacturers upon whom we rely to formulate and manufacture our product candidate do not perform, fail to manufacture according to our specifications or fail to comply with strict regulations, our preclinical studies or clinical trials could be adversely affected and the development of our product candidate could be delayed or terminated or we could incur significant additional expenses. 
 
 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We intend to rely on GMP, FDA validated third-party contractors, at least for the foreseeable future, to formulate and manufacture these preclinical and clinical materials. Our reliance on third-party contract manufacturers exposes us to a number of risks, any of which could delay or prevent the completion of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, or the regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidate, result in higher costs, or deprive us of potential product revenues. Some of these risks include: 
 
 our third-party contractors failing to develop an acceptable formulation to support later-stage clinical trials for, or the commercialization of, our product candidates; 
 
 our contract manufacturers failing to manufacture our product candidate according to their own standards, our specifications, CGMPs, or otherwise manufacturing material that we or the FDA may deem to be unsuitable in our clinical trials; 
 
 our contract manufacturers being unable to increase the scale of, increase the capacity for, or reformulate the form of our product candidate. We may experience a shortage in supply, or the cost to manufacture our products may increase to the point where it adversely affects the cost of our product candidate. We cannot assure you that our contract manufacturers will be able to manufacture our products at a suitable scale, or we will be able to find alternative manufacturers acceptable to us that can do so; 
 
 our contract manufacturers placing a priority on the manufacture of their own products, or other customers products; 
 
 our contract manufacturers failing to perform as agreed or not remain in the contract manufacturing business; and 
 
 our contract manufacturers plants being closed as a result of regulatory sanctions or a natural disaster. 
 
 Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products are subject to ongoing periodic inspections by the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA and corresponding state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance with FDA-CGMPs, other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. While we are obligated to audit their performance, we do not have control over our third-party contract manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. Failure by our third-party manufacturers, or us, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us or the drug manufacturer from the production of other third-party products. These sanctions may include fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of the government to grant pre-market approval of drugs, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of product, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the event that we need to change our third-party contract manufacturers, our preclinical studies, clinical trials or the commercialization of our product candidate could be delayed, adversely affected or terminated, or such a change may result in significantly higher costs. 
 
 Due to regulatory restrictions inherent in an IND, NDA or BLA, various steps in the manufacture of our product candidate may need to be sole-sourced. In accordance with CGMPs, changing manufacturers may require the re-validation of manufacturing processes and procedures, and may require further preclinical studies or clinical trials to show comparability between the materials produced by different manufacturers. Changing our current or future contract manufacturers may be difficult for us and could be costly, which could result in our inability to manufacture our product candidate for an extended period of time and therefore a delay in the development of our product candidate. Further, in order to maintain our development time lines in the event of a change in our third-party contract manufacturer, we may incur significantly higher costs to manufacture our product candidate. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 We do not currently have any internal drug discovery capabilities, and therefore we are dependent on in-licensing or acquiring development programs from third parties in order to obtain additional product candidates. 
 
 If in the future we decide to further expand our pipeline, we will be dependent on in-licensing or acquiring product candidates as we do not have significant internal discovery capabilities at this time. Accordingly, in order to generate and expand our development pipeline, we have relied, and will continue to rely, on obtaining discoveries, new technologies, intellectual property and product candidates from third-parties through sponsored research, in-licensing arrangements or acquisitions. We may face substantial competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, many of which may have greater resources then we have, in obtaining these in-licensing, sponsored research or acquisition opportunities. Additional in-licensing or acquisition opportunities may not be available to us on terms we find acceptable, if at all. In-licensed compounds that appear promising in research or in preclinical studies may fail to progress into further preclinical studies or clinical trials. 
 
 If a product liability claim is successfully brought against us for uninsured liabilities, or such claim exceeds our insurance coverage, we could be forced to pay substantial damage awards that could materially harm our business. 
 
 The use of any of our existing or future product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any approved pharmaceutical products may expose us to significant product liability claims. We have product liability insurance coverage for our proposed clinical trials; however, such insurance coverage may not protect us against any or all of the product liability claims that may be brought against us now or in the future. We may not be able to acquire or maintain adequate product liability insurance coverage at a commercially reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts or scope to protect us against potential losses. In the event a product liability claim is brought against us, we may be required to pay legal and other expenses to defend the claim, as well as uncovered damage awards resulting from a claim brought successfully against us. In the event our product candidate is approved for sale by the FDA and commercialized, we may need to substantially increase the amount of our product liability coverage. Defending any product liability claim or claims could require us to expend significant financial and managerial resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If we materially breach or default under the Nerviano Licensing Agreement, Nerviano will have the right to terminate the agreement and we could lose critical license rights, which would materially harm our business. 
 
 Our business is substantially dependent upon certain intellectual property rights that we license from Nerviano. Therefore, our commercial success will depend to a large extent on our ability to maintain and comply with our obligations under the Nerviano Agreement. The Nerviano Agreement provides the right to terminate for an uncured breach by us, or if we are insolvent or the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, or potentially other reasons. We expect that other technology in-licenses that we may enter into in the future will contain similar provisions and impose similar obligations on us. If we fail to comply with any such obligations such licensor will likely terminate their out-licenses to us, in which case we would not be able to market products covered by these licenses, including our onvansertib asset. The loss of our license with Nerviano with respect to onvansertib, and potentially other licenses that we enter into in the future, would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our failure to comply with obligations under other material in-licenses we may enter into may cause us to become subject to litigation or other potential disputes under any such license agreements. 
 
 In addition, the Nerviano Agreement requires us to make certain payments, including license fees, milestone payments, royalties, and other such terms typically required under licensing agreements and these types of technology in-licenses generally could make it difficult for us to find corporate partners and less profitable for us to develop product candidates utilizing these existing product candidates and technologies. 
 
 We may delay or terminate the development of our product candidate at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity does not justify further investment, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 Even though the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials that have been conducted or may conduct in the future may support further development of our product candidate, we may delay, suspend or terminate the future development of a product candidate at any time for strategic, business, financial or other reasons, including the determination or belief that the emerging profile of the product candidate is such that it may not receive FDA approval, gain meaningful market acceptance, generate a significant return to shareholders, or otherwise provide any competitive advantages in its intended indication or market. 
 
 We will need to increase the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 We are a small company with 24 employees as of December 31, 2022. Future growth of our company will impose significant additional responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, attract, retain, motivate and integrate highly skilled personnel. We may increase the number of employees in the future depending on the progress of our development of our product candidate. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidate and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to: 
 
 manage our clinical studies effectively; 
 
 integrate additional management, administrative, manufacturing and regulatory personnel; 
 
 maintain sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls; and 
 
 hire and train additional qualified personnel. 
 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 
 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Diego, California, an area prone to wildfires and earthquakes. These and other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. Any disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, we rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture API for our product candidate. Any disruption in production or inability of our manufacturers to produce or ship adequate quantities to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster or other causes (such as COVID-19 pandemic), could impair our ability to operate our business on a day-to-day basis and to continue our research and development of our product candidate. In addition, we are exposed to the possibility of product supply disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies in countries our manufactures are located, political unrest or unstable economic conditions in these countries. Any recall of the manufacturing lots or similar action regarding our API used in clinical trials could delay the trials or detract from the integrity of the trial data and its potential use in future regulatory filings. In addition, manufacturing interruptions or failure to comply with regulatory requirements by any of these manufacturers could significantly delay clinical development of potential products and reduce third-party or clinical researcher interest and support of proposed trials. These interruptions or failures could also impede commercialization of our product candidate and impair our competitive position. 
 
 Security threats to our information technology infrastructure and/or our physical buildings could expose us to liability and damage our reputation and business. 
 
 It is essential to our business strategy that our technology and network infrastructure and our physical buildings remain secure and are perceived by our customers and corporate partners to be secure. Despite security measures, however, any network infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers and other security threats. We may face cyber-attacks that attempt to penetrate our network security, sabotage or otherwise disable our research, products and services, misappropriate our or our partners and third party providers proprietary information, which may include personally identifiable information, or cause interruptions of our internal systems and services. Despite security measures, we also cannot guarantee security of our physical buildings. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development and other programs. For example, the loss of nonclinical or clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of personal, confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of any product candidate could be delayed. 
 . 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, there are a number of state, federal and international laws protecting the privacy and security of health information and personal data. For example, HIPAA imposes limitations on the use and disclosure of an individual s healthcare information by healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses, and health insurance plans, or, collectively, covered entities, and also grants individuals rights with respect to their health information. HIPAA also imposes compliance obligations and corresponding penalties for non-compliance on individuals and entities that provide services to healthcare providers and other covered entities. As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA ), the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA were amended. ARRA also made significant increases in the penalties for improper use or disclosure of an individual s health information under HIPAA and extended enforcement authority to state attorneys general. As amended by ARRA and subsequently by the final omnibus rule adopted in 2013, HIPAA also imposes notification requirements on covered entities in the event that certain health information has been inappropriately accessed or disclosed: notification requirements to individuals, federal regulators, and in some cases, notification to local and national media. Notification is not required under HIPAA if the health information that is improperly used or disclosed is deemed secured in accordance with encryption or other standards developed by the HHS. Most states have laws requiring notification of affected individuals and/or state regulators in the event of a breach of personal information, which is a broader class of information than the health information protected by HIPAA. Many state laws impose significant data security requirements, such as encryption or mandatory contractual terms, to ensure ongoing protection of personal information. Activities outside of the U.S. implicate local and national data protection standards, impose additional compliance requirements and generate additional risks of enforcement for non-compliance. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, to protect against security breaches and hackers or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. 
 
 General economic or business conditions may have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Continuing concerns over U.S. healthcare reform legislation and energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit and government stimulus programs in the U.S. and other countries have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy. If the economic climate does not improve, or if it deteriorates, our business, including our access to patient samples and the addressable market for tests that we may successfully develop, as well as the financial condition of our suppliers and our third-party payors, could be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 
 
 If we use biological and hazardous materials in a manner that causes injury, we could be liable for damages. 
 
 Our activities currently require the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials and chemicals. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury to employees or third parties from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources or any applicable insurance coverage we may have. Additionally, we are subject to, on an ongoing basis, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations may become significant and could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. Moreover, in the event of an accident or if we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could lose our permits or approvals or be held liable for damages or penalized with fines. 
 
 Healthcare reform measures could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ("PPACA") was enacted, which includes measures to significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the PPACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 
 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 
 
 implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act 
 
 a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

31 

Table of Contents 

 a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 
 
 establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; 
 
 an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price; 
 
 a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 
 
 extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 
 
 expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 
 
 a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 
 
 expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program. 
 
 Some of the provisions of the PPACA have yet to be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. During President Trump's administration, he signed two executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the PPACA. Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress has not passed repeal legislation, the TCJA includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace elements of the PPACA. 
 
 Many of the details regarding the implementation of the PPACA are yet to be determined, and at this time, the full effect that the PPACA would have on our business remains unclear. In particular, there is uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the biosimilars provisions under the PPACA to our product candidates. The FDA has issued several guidance documents, but no implementing regulations, on biosimilars. A number of biosimilar applications have been approved over the past few years. It is not certain that we will receive 12 years of biologics marketing exclusivity for any of our products. The regulations that are ultimately promulgated and their implementation are likely to have considerable impact on the way we conduct our business and may require us to change current strategies. A biosimilar is a biological product that is highly similar to an approved drug notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the approved drug in terms of the safety, purity, and potency of the product. 
 
 Individual states have become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce ultimate demand for our products or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 In addition, given recent federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. While we cannot predict the full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm our ability to generate revenues. Increases in importation or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure on our ability to profitably price our products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We might elect not to seek approval for or market our products in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue we generate from our product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 
 
 Furthermore, regulatory authorities assessment of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as the emergence of new information, including on other products, changing policies and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We cannot be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. For example, average review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 
 
 Catastrophic events, including global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our clinical trials. 
 
 Our operations, and those of our CROs, Contract Manufacturing Organizations ("CMOs"), and other contractors, consultants and third parties could be subject to pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidate. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidate could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 
 
 The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on how we and our CROs, CMOs, and other contractors, consultants and third parties are operating our businesses and our operating results. Our operations have also been and may in the future be negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control, including the emergence and spread of more transmissible variants. The extent to which global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, impact our financial condition or results of operations will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of the pandemic, as well as whether there is a material impact on the businesses of our CROs, CMOs, and other contractors, consultants and third parties. To the extent that the pandemic harms our business and results of operations, many of the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A of this report may be heightened. 
 
 Geopolitical risks associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine could result in increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The uncertain nature, scope, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, including the potential effects of such hostilities as well as sanctions, embargoes, asset freezes, cyber-attacks and other actions taken in response to such hostilities on the world economy and markets, have disrupted global markets and contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic and other factors that affect our business and supply chain. There can be no certainty regarding the impacts stemming from the invasion, including the imposition of additional sanctions, embargoes, asset freezes or other economic or military measures resulting from the invasion. The impact of these developments, and additional events that may occur as a result, is currently unknown and could adversely affect our business, supply chain, suppliers and third party providers. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, the availability and cost of materials, supplies, labor, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our industry, business, and results of operations. 
 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international economies have experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity, and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly, as did the conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial markets. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our technologies, which would impair our competitive advantage. 
 
 We rely on patent protection as well as a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, and other contractual restrictions, to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. We may not be successful in defending challenges made in connection with our patents and patent applications. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, we will be unable to prevent third parties from using our technologies and they will be able to compete more effectively against us. 
 
 In addition to our patents, we rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. We require our employees and third parties to sign confidentiality agreements and our employees are also required to sign agreements assigning to us all intellectual property arising from their work for us. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective in protecting our intellectual property rights. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 
 
 Our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents and any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the invention claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications in the U.S., or that we were the first to file for protection of the inventions claimed in our foreign issued patents or pending patent applications. In addition, there are numerous recent changes to the patent laws and proposed changes to the rules of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO"), which may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, in September 2011, the U.S. enacted sweeping changes to the U.S. patent system under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, including changes that transitioned the U.S. from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system and alter the processes for challenging issued patents. These changes could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. In addition, we may become subject to interference proceedings conducted in the patent and trademark offices of various countries to determine our entitlement to patents, and these proceedings may conclude that other patents or patent applications have priority over our patents or patent applications. It is also possible that a competitor may successfully challenge our patents through various proceedings and those challenges may result in the elimination or narrowing of our patents, and therefore reduce our patent protection. Accordingly, rights under any of our issued patents, patent applications or future patents may not provide us with commercially meaningful protection for our products or afford us a commercial advantage against our competitors or their competitive products or processes. 
 
 The patents issued to us may not be broad enough to provide any meaningful protection, one or more of our competitors may develop more effective technologies, designs or methods without infringing our intellectual property rights and one or more of our competitors may design around our proprietary technologies. 
 
 If we are not able to protect our proprietary technology, trade secrets and know-how, our competitors may use our inventions to develop competing products. Our patents may not protect us against our competitors, and patent litigation is very expensive. We may not have sufficient cash available to pursue any patent litigation to its conclusion because we currently do not generate revenues other than licensing, milestone and royalty income. 
 
 We cannot rely solely on our current patents to be successful. The standards that the USPTO and foreign patent offices use to grant patents, and the standards that U.S. and foreign courts use to interpret patents, are not the same, are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change, particularly as new technologies develop. As such, the degree of patent protection obtained in the U.S. may differ substantially from that obtained in various foreign countries. In some instances, patents have been issued in the U.S. while substantially less or no protection has been obtained in Europe or other countries. 
 
 We cannot be certain of the level of protection, if any, that will be provided by our patents if they are challenged in court, where our competitors may raise defenses such as invalidity, unenforceability or possession of a valid license. In 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 addition, the type and extent of any patent claims that may be issued to us in the future are uncertain. Any patents that are issued may not contain claims that will permit us to stop competitors from using similar technology. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 
 
 Third parties may challenge the validity of our patents and other intellectual property rights, resulting in costly litigation or other time-consuming and expensive proceedings, which could deprive us of valuable rights. If we become involved in any intellectual property litigation, interference or other judicial or administrative proceedings, we will incur substantial expenses and the attention of our technical and management personnel will be diverted. An adverse determination may subject us to significant liabilities or require us to seek licenses that may not be available from third parties on commercially favorable terms, if at all. Further, if such claims are proven valid, through litigation or otherwise, we may be required to pay substantial monetary damages, which can be tripled if the infringement is deemed willful, or be required to discontinue or significantly delay development, marketing, selling and licensing of the affected products and intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications and could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. There may be third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property relevant to our potential products that may block or compete with our potential products or processes. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the U.S. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. In addition, we cannot assure you that we would prevail in any of these suits or that the damages or other remedies that we are ordered to pay, if any, would not be substantial. Claims of intellectual property infringement may require us to enter into royalty or license agreements with third parties that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. We may also be subject to injunctions against the further development and use of our technology, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 
 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could materially adversely affect our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 
 
 Certain rights that we in-license from third-parties are not within our control, and we may be negatively impacted if we lose those rights. 
 
 We license some of the technology that is necessary for our products and services from third parties. In connection with such in-licenses, we may agree to pay the licensor royalties based on sales of our products, which become a cost of product revenues and impact the margins on our products and services. We may need to in-license other technologies in the future to commercialize on our products and services. We may also need to negotiate licenses after launching our products and services. Our business may suffer if any such licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes is limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards allow companies to use past year net operating losses to offset against future years profits, if any, to reduce future tax liabilities. Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 limit a corporation s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes (including research credits) to offset any future taxable income or tax if the corporation experiences a cumulative ownership change of more than 50 over any rolling three year period. State net operating loss carryforwards (and certain other tax attributes) may be similarly limited. An ownership change can therefore result in significantly greater tax liabilities than a corporation would incur in the absence of such a change and any increased liabilities could adversely affect the corporation s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 U.S. federal income tax reform could adversely affect us. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the TCJA that significantly reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The TCJA, among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility of interest, allows for the expensing of capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a worldwide system of taxation to a territorial system. We do not expect tax reform to have a material impact to our projection of minimal cash taxes or to our net operating losses. Further, any eligibility we may have or may someday have for tax credits associated with the qualified clinical testing expenses arising out of the development of orphan drugs will be reduced to 25 as a result of the TCJA; thus, our net future taxable income may be affected. We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. The impact of this tax reform on holders of our common stock is uncertain and could be adverse. 
 
 The rights of the holders of our common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation gives our board of directors the right to create one or more new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and equity interests of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be used to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company, which could materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. Without the consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, we may not adversely alter or change the rights of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, create a class of stock that is senior to or on parity with the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, amend our certificate of incorporation in breach of these provisions or agree to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Our common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 
 The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations over short periods of time. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock ranged from a low of 1.17 to a high of 7.25. These fluctuations may be due to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 technological innovations or new products and services introduced by us or our competitors; 
 
 clinical trial results relating to our tests or those of our competitors; 
 
 announcements or press releases relating to the industry or to our own business or prospects; 
 
 coverage and reimbursement decisions by third party payors, such as Medicare and other managed care organizations; 
 
 regulation and oversight of our product candidates and services, including by the FDA, Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services and comparable foreign agencies; 
 
 healthcare legislation; 
 
 intellectual property disputes; 
 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 
 sales of our common stock; 
 
 our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 
 
 our ability to execute our business plan; 
 
 operating results below expectations; 
 
 loss of any strategic relationship; 
 
 industry developments; 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

economic and other external factors; 
 
 catastrophic weather and/or global disease outbreaks, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 
 period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 
 
 In addition, market fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions, could materially adversely affect the market price of our securities. Because we are a development stage company with no revenue from operations to date, other than licensing, milestone and royalty income, you should consider any one of these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the foregoing. 
 
 We have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 
 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations and growth. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors that our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor s investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. In addition, the terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock prohibit us from paying dividends to the holders of our common stock so long as any dividends due on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain unpaid. Investors in our common stock should not rely on an investment in our company if they require dividend income. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 Delaware law and our corporate charter and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in our management. For example, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the powers, preferences and rights of each series without stockholder approval. The ability to issue preferred stock could discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of our company, or otherwise could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Furthermore, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. This provision may prohibit or restrict large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us, which could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors may be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future and result in our market price being lower than it would without these provisions. 
 
 A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline and may impair our ability to raise capital in the future. 
 
 Finance transactions resulting in a large amount of newly issued shares that become readily tradable, or other events that cause current stockholders to sell shares, could place downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the lack of a robust resale market may require a stockholder who desires to sell a large number of shares of common stock to sell the shares in increments over time to mitigate any adverse impact of the sales on the market price of our stock. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders may sell for various reasons, including the ending of restriction on resale, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, the market price of our common stock could fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 
 
 We may be subject to stockholder litigation, thereby diverting our resources, which could materially adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 
 The market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility, and we expect that our share price will continue to be at least as volatile for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price for its securities. In addition, stockholders may bring actions against companies relating to past transactions or other matters. Any such actions could give rise to substantial damages and thereby materially adversely affect our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. Even if an action is not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with stockholder actions could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. Litigation can be costly, time-consuming and disruptive to business operations. The defense of lawsuits could also result in diversion of our management s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the continued minimum closing bid requirements of the Nasdaq or other requirements for continued listing, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 
 
 If we do not maintain compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq") requirements for continued listing or fail to comply with other requirements for continued listing, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq could materially reduce the liquidity of our common stock and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price of our common stock. In addition, delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, employees and fewer business development opportunities. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 If we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related to disclosure controls and procedures, or if we discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important in helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which was subsequently remedied. We cannot be certain that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls will not be discovered in the future. 
 
 We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management expects to continue to devote substantial time to public company compliance programs. 
 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure obligations applicable to us, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC, and the Nasdaq. The SEC and other regulators have continued to adopt new rules and regulations and make additional changes to existing regulations that require our compliance. For example, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act was enacted. There is significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that have required the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact (in ways we cannot currently anticipate) the manner in which we operate our business. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of public company reporting obligations and, as a result of the new corporate governance and executive 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 compensation related rules, regulations and guidelines prompted by the Dodd-Frank Act and further regulations and disclosure obligations expected in the future, we will likely need to devote additional time and costs to comply with such compliance programs and rules. These rules and regulations will continue to cause us to incur significant legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We currently lease laboratory and office space for our headquarters in San Diego, California under a lease agreement, as amended from time to time, that expires in February 2027. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of the date of this report, management believes that there are no claims against us, which it believes will result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market information 
 
 Our common stock has traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CRDF since May 8, 2020, and was previously traded as TROV from May 30, 2012 to May 7, 2020. 

Number of Stockholders 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, we had approximately 58 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 
 
 Historically, we have not paid any dividends to the holders of shares of our common stock and we do not expect to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future as we expect to retain our future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Pursuant to the terms of our outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dividends cannot be paid to the holders of shares of our common stock so long as any dividends due on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain unpaid. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about our equity compensation plans which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Company Overview 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company, headquartered in San Diego, CA, leveraging Polo-like Kinase 1 PLK1 inhibition to develop novel therapies across a range of cancers. Our lead asset is onvansertib, a PLK1 inhibitor that is being evaluated in combination with standard of care therapies in clinical programs targeting indications such as KRAS/NRAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer, metastatic pancreatic cancer, as well as investigator-initiated trials in triple negative breast cancer and small cell lung cancer. These programs and our broader development strategy are designed to target tumor vulnerabilities in order to overcome treatment resistance and deliver superior clinical benefit compared to the standard of care alone. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol "CRDF". 
 
 Company Updates 
 
 On February 2, 2023 we announced the appointment of Fairooz Kabbinavar, M.D., FACP, as Chief Medical Officer. 
 
 On January 11, 2022 we announced the appointment of Tod Smeal, Ph.D., as Chief Scientific Officer and Charles Monahan, R.Ph., as Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs. 
 
 Our accumulated deficit through December 31, 2022 is 298.1 million. To date, we have generated minimal revenues and expect to incur additional losses to perform further research and development activities. 
 
 Our drug development efforts are in their early stages, and we cannot make estimates of the costs or the time that our development efforts will take to complete, or the timing and amount of revenues related to the sale of our drugs. The risk of completion of any program is high because of the many uncertainties involved in developing new drug candidates to market, including the long duration of clinical testing, the specific performance of proposed products under stringent clinical trial protocols, extended regulatory approval and review cycles, our ability to raise additional capital, the nature and timing of 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 research and development expenses, and competing technologies being developed by organizations with significantly greater resources. 

Critical Accounting Estimate 
 
 Our accounting policies are described in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe that the following discussion represents our critical accounting estimates. 
 
 Accrued Clinical Trial Expenses 
 
 We accrue and expense research and development expenditures as incurred, which include costs related to clinical trial activities. We accrue costs for clinical trial activities based upon estimates of the services received and related expenses incurred that have yet to be invoiced by the Clinical Research Organizations ("CROs"), professional service providers, and other vendors providing clinical trial services (collectively, the service providers ). We accrue costs based on estimated work completed in accordance with agreements established with our service providers. We determine the estimated costs through discussions with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Due to the nature of estimates, we cannot assure you that we will not make changes to our estimates in the future as we become aware of additional information about the status or conduct of our clinical trial activities. 

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Our total revenues were 386,000 and 359,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues are from our annual minimum or sales-based royalties on other intellectual property licenses, unrelated to onvansertib. Revenue recognition of the royalty depends on the timing and overall sales activities of the licensees. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses consisted of the following: 
 
 For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Salaries and staff costs 4,031 1,745 2,286 Stock-based compensation 1,035 491 544 Clinical trials, outside services, and lab supplies 20,556 14,174 6,382 Facilities and Other 1,485 966 519 Total research and development expenses 27,107 17,376 9,731 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 9.7 million to 27.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall increase in expenses was primarily related to CMC, clinical pharmacology and for studies to support the development of our lead drug candidate, onvansertib. Salaries and staff costs increased primarily due to additional hires in senior management and our clinical operations team (research and development average headcount grew by 93 over the comparative period). The increase in stock-based compensation is primarily due to additional stock option grants to employees granted subsequent to the prior period. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted of the following: 
 
 For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Salaries and staff costs 3,134 2,491 643 Stock-based compensation 3,221 2,743 478 Outside services and professional fees 4,192 4,439 (247) Facilities and other 2,634 2,165 469 Total selling, general and administrative 13,181 11,838 1,343 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 1.3 million to 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Salaries and staff costs increased due to merit increases and higher headcount (average headcount grew by 30 over the comparative period). The increase in stock-based compensation is primarily due to additional stock option grants to employees granted subsequent to the prior period. Facilities and other costs increased due to higher insurance costs and the amending of our operating lease. The decrease in outside services is primarily related to strategic valuation consulting related to our lead drug candidate, onvansertib performed during the prior period. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 Net loss and per share amounts were as follows: 
 
 For the years ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Net loss (38,704) (28,291) 10,413 Preferred stock dividend (24) (24) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (38,728) (28,315) 10,413 Net loss per common share basic and diluted (0.89) (0.73) 0.16 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted 43,600 39,030 4,570 
 
 The increase of 10.4 million in net loss attributable to common shareholders was primarily the result of an increase in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year. The 0.16 increase in basic and diluted net loss per share was impacted by the increase in net loss attributable to shareholders and was partially offset by the increase in weighted average shares outstanding resulting primarily from the issuance of approximately 2.7 million shares of common stock primarily from the conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 16.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and 88.9 million in short-term investments. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33.8 million, compared to 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our use of cash was primarily a result of the net loss of 38.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, adjusted for non-cash items mainly related to stock-based compensation of 4.3 million, and amortization of premiums on short-term investments of 0.6 million. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was 0.4 million increasing cash used in operations. At our current and anticipated level of operating loss, we expect to continue to incur an operating cash outflow for the next several years. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 38.1 million primarily related to sales and maturities in excess of purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by purchases of capital equipment during the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 compared to net cash used in investing activities of 131.4 million for net purchases of marketable securities during the same period in 2021. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 0.1 million from the exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 35.5 million of proceeds from the sale of common stock and proceeds from warrant exercises for the same period in 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had working capital of 103.5 million and 139.6 million, respectively. The decrease in working capital is primarily due to the net loss partially offset by the increase in cash and cash equivalents from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception and have negative operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, we had 105.3 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and we believe we have sufficient cash to meet our funding requirements for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of these financial statements. Based on our current projections we expect that our capital resources are sufficient to fund our operations into 2025. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses and require additional capital to further advance our clinical trial programs and support our other operations. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that we can raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience additional dilution. 
 
 Our working capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the nature, cost and timing of our research and development programs. To date, our sources of cash have been primarily limited to the sale of equity securities. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of one or more product candidates, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our operations. We may also be required to (i) seek collaborators for product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; or (ii) relinquish or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize ourselves on unfavorable terms. We are evaluating all options to raise additional capital, increase revenue, as well as reduce costs, in an effort to strengthen our liquidity position, which may include the following: (1) Raising capital through public and private equity offerings; (2) Introducing operation and business development initiatives to bring in new revenue streams; (3) Reducing operating costs by identifying internal synergies; and (4) Engaging in strategic partnerships. We continually assess our spending plans to effectively and efficiently address our liquidity needs. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 All financial information required by this Item is attached hereto at the end of this report beginning on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), under the heading Election of Directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Family Relationships and other Arrangements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal 2: Ratification of the Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements required by this item are submitted in a separate section beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-12G filed on November 25, 2011). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 20, 2012). 3.3 
 By-Laws of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-12G filed on November 25, 2011). 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2018). 3.5 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2018). 3.6 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2019). 3.7 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2019). 3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2019). 3.9 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2020). 3.10 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020). 3.11 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2020). 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-12G filed on November 25, 2011). 4.2 + 
 2004 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2004) 4.3 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2014). 4.4 + 
 Trovagene, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on July 23, 2014). 4.5 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2016). 4.6 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2018). 4.7 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 4.8 + 
 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 28, 2021). 10.1 
 Summary of Terms of Lease Agreement dated as of October 28, 2009 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Sorrento West LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed on February 15, 2012). 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 10.2 
 Form of First Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated September 28, 2011 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Sorrento West LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed on February 15, 2012). 10.3 
 Form of Second Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated October 2011 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Sorrento West LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed on February 15, 2012). 10.4 
 Form of Third Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated October 22, 2012 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Sorrento West, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015). 10.5 
 Form of Fourth Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated December 2, 2013 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Coast 9 LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015). 10.6 
 Form of Fifth Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated May 14, 2014 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Coast 9 LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015). 10.7 
 Sixth Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated June 11, 2015 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Coast 9 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2015). 10.8 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into between the Company and its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2015). 10.9 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Mark Erlander (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 10.10 
 Form of Seventh Amendment to Standard Industrial Net Lease dated April 4, 2016 between Trovagene, Inc. and BMR-Coast 9 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2016). 10.11 
 License Agreement dated as of March 13, 2017 between Nerviano Medical Sciences S.r.l. and Trovagene, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2017). 10.12 
 Stock and Warrant Subscription Agreement entered into as of May 8, 2020 by and between Cardiff Oncology, Inc. and POC Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020). 10.13 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020). 10.14 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2020). 10.15 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2020). 10.16 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2021 by and between the Company and Vicki Kelemen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021). 
 10.17 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 12, 2021 by and between James Levine and Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 12,2021). 10.1 8 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2021). 10.1 9 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 30, 2023 by and between Dr. Fairooz Kabbinavar and Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 2,2023). 23.1 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto). 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 The SEC has granted confidential treatment with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CARDIFF ONCOLOGY, INC. /s/ Mark Erlander 3/2/2023 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Mark Erlander as his or her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Mark Erlander Chief Executive Officer 3/2/2023 Mark Erlander (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James Levine Chief Financial Officer 3/2/2023 James Levine (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Rodney S. Markin Chairman of the Board and Director 3/2/2023 Rodney S. Markin /s/ James O. Armitage Director 3/2/2023 James O. Armitage /s/ Mani Mohindru Director 3/2/2023 Mani Mohindru /s/ Gary W. Pace Director 3/2/2023 Gary W. Pace /s/ Renee Tannenbaum Director 3/2/2023 Renee Tannenbaum /s/ L le White Director 3/2/2023 L le White 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 CARDIFF ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; San Diego, CA; PCAOB ID# 
 F- 2 
 Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 
 Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 6 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 7 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee of the Company s board of directors and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accrued clinical trial expenses 
 
 As disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company expenses research and development expenditures as incurred, which include costs relating to clinical trial activities. The Company accrues costs for clinical trial activities based upon estimates of the services performed and costs incurred that have not been invoiced by the service providers. The Company s clinical trial accrual balance at December 31, 2022 is 2.3 million, and the Company s related 2022 clinical trial expenses are included in research and development expense of 27.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified accrued clinical trial expenses as a critical audit matter. When estimating clinical trial expenses, the Company considers several factors including clinical trial budgets, contract amendments and the progress toward completion. These 
 
 F-2 

factors are our principal considerations due to the level of management estimation involved. Auditing these elements involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters. 

The primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing management s estimation of accrued clinical trial expenses by (i) obtaining and inspecting significant agreements, clinical trial budgets, and contract amendments, (ii) evaluating the Company s documentation of trial progress and status (including consideration of patient enrollment and milestones achieved), (iii) confirming clinical trial expenses incurred, cash paid by the Company, and any unbilled amounts directly with third party service providers, and (iv) agreeing clinical trial accruals to the terms within the clinical trial agreements, budgets, and amendments. 
 
 Testing the completeness of the Company s clinical trial accruals by (i) inspecting board of directors minutes to identify clinical trials, (ii) evaluating publicly available information (such as press releases, investor presentations and public databases that track clinical trials) which identify and discuss the status of clinical trials, (iii) inquiring of clinical staff outside of finance to gain an understanding of the status of significant on-going clinical trials, and (iv) testing a sample of payments subsequent to year end to evaluate the completeness of clinical trial accruals. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 

March 2, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable and unbilled receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; Series A Convertible Preferred Stock liquidation preference and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; (Note 5) 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Service receivable ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Royalty revenues Costs and expenses: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest income, net Other income (expense), net ) Gain from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments warrants Total other income, net Net loss ) ) Preferred stock dividend payable on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net loss per common share basic and diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) Preferred stock dividend payable on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Preferred Stock Shares Preferred Stock Amount Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Service Receivable Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Sale of common stock, net of expenses (1) 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Preferred stock dividend payable on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Release of clinical trial funding commitment Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Release of clinical trial funding commitment Cumulative preferred stock dividend adjustment (2) 
 Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) million. 
 (2) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Loss on disposal of assets Depreciation Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of premiums on short-term investments Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments warrants ) Release of clinical trial funding commitment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other assets ) Accounts receivable and unbilled receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Insurance proceeds from casualty loss Maturities of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Sales of short-term investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from sale of common stock, preferred stock and warrants, net of expenses of and respectively 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from exercise of options Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents End of period Supplementary disclosure of cash flow activity: Cash paid for taxes Acquisition of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Accretion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock dividend Cumulative preferred stock dividend adjustment (1) 
 ) 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and believes it has sufficient cash to meet its funding requirements for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of these financial statements. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, the Company expects to continue to incur losses and require additional capital to further advance its clinical trial programs and support its other operations. The Company cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that the Company can raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the Company s stockholders may experience additional dilution. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 operating segment in the United States. 

million is included in accrued liabilities. The Company s related 2022 clinical trial expenses are included in research and development expense of million. Certain clinical trial expenses are released from service receivables classified within equity (see Note 5) as clinical trial services are performed. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

Royalties are generally due quarterly or annually. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of these warrants was , for both periods. These warrants expire in the first quarter of 2023. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

to years 
 Leasehold improvements to years 
 Laboratory equipment years 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

Upfront and milestone payments to acquire contractual rights to licensed technology are expensed when incurred if there is uncertainty in the Company receiving future economic benefit from the acquired contractual rights. Certain contractual rights may require the Company to make additional milestone payments based on development and commercial milestones, and royalties based on sales volume. See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies, for further details. 
 
 These potential development milestones include: dosing of the first subject in the first Phase III Clinical Trial for the first Product or after completion of a Phase II Clinical Trial that is used as the basis for an NDA submission; and upon filing of the first NDA or equivalent for the first product 
 
 For all periods presented, there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted shares outstanding as inclusion of the potentially dilutive securities would be antidilutive. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

 Warrants to purchase Common Stock Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 

million within accumulated deficit and accrued liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 to correct this immaterial error. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper ) U.S. government agencies U.S. treasury securities ) Total maturity less than 1 year ) Maturity 1 to 2 years: Corporate debt securities ) Total maturity 1 to 2 years ) Total short-term investments ) 

As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Maturity less than 1 year: Certificate of deposit Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper ) Non U.S. government U.S. treasury securities ) Total maturity less than 1 year ) Maturity 1 to 2 years: Corporate debt securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total maturity 1 to 2 years ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 the net realized loss recorded within the Company's statement of operations from the sale of short-term investments was million. The amount of gains and losses reclassified out of other comprehensive income for the period related to the sales of short-term investments was not material for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Unrealized losses in investments available for sale debt securities at December 31, 2022, were primarily due to increases in interest rates, not due to increased credit risks associated with specific securities. It is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be at maturity. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Fixed assets consist of furniture and office equipment, leasehold improvements and laboratory equipment. Depreciation expense for property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Leasehold improvements Laboratory equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 
 Preferred stock dividend (1) 
 Clinical trials Research agreements and services Director fees Patent, license and other fees Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 

4. 
 
 per month with annual escalation. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

 separate sublease agreements, which all expired on December 31, 2021. Prior to the expiration of the sublease agreements, the Company as a sublessor was leasing its vacated space to third parties. 
 
 Operating sublease income ) Net operating lease cost 
 
 Current operating lease liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 years Exercised ) Balance outstanding, December 31, 2021 years Expired ) Balance outstanding, December 31, 2022 years 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 The material terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock consist of: 
 
 1) Dividends. Holders of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share of per annum, payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, beginning with September 30, 2005. Dividends are payable, at the Company s sole election, in cash or shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively in cumulative unpaid preferred stock dividends, included in the liquidation preference of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and and of cumulative dividends were added to the liquidation preference of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2) Voting Rights. Shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have no voting rights. However, so long as any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company may not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding, (a) adversely change the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) authorize or create any class of stock senior or equal to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents, so as to affect adversely any rights of the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or (d) increase the authorized number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 3) Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an amount equal to the Stated Value per share, which is currently per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

 per share, by the conversion price, which at the time of issuance was per share, and subsequently adjusted to per share. 
 
 5) Subsequent Equity Sales. The conversion price is subject to adjustment for dilutive issuances for a period of months beginning March 17, 2006 and the conversion price was adjusted to per share. 
 
 6) Automatic Conversion. If the price of the Company s common stock equals per share for consecutive trading days, and an average of shares of common stock per day are traded during the trading days, the Company will have the right to deliver a notice to the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, requesting the holders to convert any portion of the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock at the applicable conversion price. As of the date of these financial statements, such conditions have not been met. 
 
 Cumulative unpaid preferred stock dividends Liquidation preference - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On June 15, 2020 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to offer, issue and sell to Acorn, CDK and Third Street, (i) in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares of common stock and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, (a) an aggregate of shares of Series E Preferred Stock Series E Preferred Stock and (b) Series N warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The Series E Preferred Stock is convertible at any time determined by dividing the stated value per share of the Series E Preferred Stock by a conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Certificate of Designation. The Series N Warrants will be exercisable following the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share and will expire on December 16, 2025. Certain investors converted shares of Series E Convertible Preferred stock to shares of Common Stock during December 2020. Certain investors converted shares of Series E Convertible Preferred stock to shares of Common Stock during January 2022. Certain investors converted shares of Series E Convertible Preferred stock to shares of Common Stock during October 2022. As of December 31, 2022 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred stock were outstanding. 
 
 In conjunction with the June 15, 2020 offering, we issued warrants as an advisory fee. These warrants are exercisable following the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share and will expire years following the date of issuance. These warrants were classified as equity. 
 
 Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC 
 
 During May 2021, the Company sold million shares of its common stock under the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC., for gross proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 Pfizer Breakthrough Growth Initiative 
 
 million shares of its common stock under a Securities Purchase Agreement with Pfizer Inc. ("Pfizer"), in a registered direct offering for gross proceeds of approximately million. The investment is part of the Pfizer Breakthrough Growth Initiative, which includes an information rights agreement and Pfizer's participation on a Scientific Advisory Board for the Company. Pfizer agreed to not sell or transfer any shares for days from the closing date of the agreement, which expired during May 2022. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 shares, plus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock reserved, but unissued under the 2014 Plan; and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying forfeited awards under the 2014 Plan. On June 9, 2022 the shareholders approved an increase of shares authorized in the 2021 Plan to . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Subsequent to the adoption of the 2021 Plan, no additional equity awards can be made under the terms of the 2014 Plan. 
 
 Inducement Grants 
 
 In July 2021, the Company began issuing equity awards to certain new employees as inducement grants outside of its 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of shares were issuable upon the exercise of inducement grant stock options approved by the Company. 
 
 Modification of Stock Options 
 
 In June 2022 one of the Company's directors did not seek another term on the Board of Directors. At the time of departure, the Compensation Committee passed a resolution to extend the expiration date of the vested stock options, and to immediately accelerate the vesting of the unvested options. The Company recorded incremental reduction to stock compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the modifications. 
 
 In June 2021 two of the Company's directors' terms ended. At the conclusion of their term, the Compensation Committee passed a resolution to extend the expiration date of the departing directors vested stock options, and to immediately accelerate the vesting of one of the directors unvested options. The Company recorded incremental stock compensation expenses of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the modifications. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility (range) - 
 - 
 Expected volatility (weighted-average) Expected term (in years) years years 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

 and per share, respectively. 
 
 The unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million. The weighted-average remaining amortization period at December 31, 2022 for non-vested stock options was years. 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 years Granted Exercised ) Cancelled ) Expired ) Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 years Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 years Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 years 

7. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Expected warrant term years years Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility of Cardiff Oncology common stock Dividend yield 
 
 Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of Cardiff Oncology s common stock. The warrants have a transferability provision and based on guidance for instruments issued with such a provision, Cardiff Oncology used the remaining contractual term as the expected term of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury security rates consistent with the expected remaining term of the warrants at each balance sheet date. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments warrants during the year recognized as a gain in the statement of operations 
 ) December 31, 2021 Balance of derivative financial instruments warrants liability 
 Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments warrants during the year recognized as a loss in the statement of operations 
 December 31, 2022 Balance of derivative financial instruments warrants liability 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Total included in cash and cash equivalents Available for sale investments: Certificate of deposit Corporate debt securities Commercial paper U.S. government agencies U.S. treasury securities Total available for sale investments Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets and Liabilities (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Assets: Money market fund Total included in cash and cash equivalents Available for sale investments: Certificate of deposit Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Non U.S. government U.S. treasury securities Total available for sale investments Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 The Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy on the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 million which, if not used, will continue to expire through 2037, and federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which do not expire. Cardiff Oncology also has California NOLs of approximately million which, if not used, will begin to expire in 2029. Cardiff Oncology also has research and development tax credits available for federal and California purposes of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credits will begin to expire on January 31, 2025. The California research and development tax credits do not expire. 
 
 Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code Sections 382 and 383, annual use of a company s NOL and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited if there is a cumulative change in ownership of greater than 50 within a three-year period. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. If limited, the related tax asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. The Company has established a valuation allowance as the realization of such deferred tax assets has not met the more likely than not threshold requirement. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, further changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 During 2022, the Company completed an assessment of the available net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards under Section 382 and 383 and determined that the Company underwent two ownership changes during the period from 2014 to 2022. As a result, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards attributable to the pre-ownership changes are subject to substantial annual limitations under Section 382 and 383 of Code due to the ownership changes. The Company has adjusted their net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to address the impact of the ownership changes. This resulted in a reduction of available gross federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively which related to the year ended December 31, 2021 and prior. The tax effected federal and state NOL amounts were million and million respectively. This also resulted in a reduction of federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately million related to the years ended December 31, 2021 and prior. Accordingly, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards presented below for the year ending December 31, 2021 were reduced by million and million, respectively, with a corresponding reduction to the valuation allowance of million. 
 
 Total current provision 
 Deferred: Federal ) State ) Total deferred (benefit) expense ) Valuation allowance ) Total income tax provision 

F-25 

Table of Contents ) State tax, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Permanent items ) Stock based compensation ) ) Research and development credits ) ) Return to provision and true ups Other ) Valuation allowance increase (decrease) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Research and development credits and other tax credits Stock-based compensation Capitalized research and development Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Since inception the Company has incurred continuing losses and expects to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not they will not be realized. 
 
 Cardiff Oncology does not have any unrecognized tax benefits. Cardiff Oncology s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense, and have been incurred to date. The Company does not anticipate a significant change in unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and California. Due to net operating losses all tax years since inception remain open to examination. 

10. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

milestone or royalty payments were made. 
 
 The Company is a party of various agreements under which it licenses technology on an exclusive basis in the field of oncology therapeutics. These agreements include License fees, Royalties and Milestone payments. The company also has a legacy license agreement in the field of oncology diagnostics under which royalty payments are due. These royalty payments are calculated as a percent of revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 payments have not been material. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 Cardiff Oncology does not believe that it has legal liabilities that are probable or reasonably possible that require either accrual or disclosure. From time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in matters may arise from time to time that may harm the Company s business. As of the date of this report, management believes that there are no claims against the Company, which it believes will result in a material adverse effect on the Company s business or financial condition. 

11. 

F-27 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 a231exq42022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Cardiff Oncology, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-239464, 333-238623, 333-234442, and 333-233568), Form S-3 (Nos. 333-254217, 333-232321, 333-229693, and 333-264148) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-239725, 333-232363, 333-256978, and 333-266103) of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 2, 2023, relating to the financial statements which appears in this Annual Report form 10-K. 

s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a311exq42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Mark Erlander, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

3 2 2023 s Mark Erlander Mark Erlander Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a312exq42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, James Levine, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

3 2 2023 s James Levine James Levine Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a321exq42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Erlander, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 3 2 2023 s Mark Erlander Mark Erlander Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a322exq42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cardiff Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Levine, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 3 2 2023 s James Levine James Levine Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crdf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crdf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crdf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crdf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crdf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

