<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1580560_0000950170-23-007149.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24558388</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>683388</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4849276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10864086</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2961986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4682372</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007149.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310084732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Flywire Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580560
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				270690799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40430
		FILM NUMBER:		23721750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		141 TREMONT STREET, SUITE 10
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-329-4524

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		141 TREMONT STREET, SUITE 10
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	peerTransfer Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007149.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 flyw-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

z 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, MA 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

(Nasdaq Global Select Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. N o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s mostly recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based upon the closing sale price of our voting common stock of per share on that date. The voting and non-voting common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to own in excess of 5 of aggregate outstanding shares of our voting and non-voting common stock has been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. The determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had shares of voting common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding and shares of non-voting common stock 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 70 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 70 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 70 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 71 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 72 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 73 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 98 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 100 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 144 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 144 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 145 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 145 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 146 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 146 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 146 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 146 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 147 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 149 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial condition, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, project, target, plan, expect, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost and operating expenses, including changes in technology and development, selling and marketing and general and administrative expenses (including any components of the foregoing), gross profit and our ability to achieve, and maintain, future profitability; 

our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth; 

our cross-border expansion plans and ability to expand internationally; 

anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 

the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs; 

political, economic, foreign currency exchange rate, inflation, legal, social and health risks, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent public health measures that may affect our business or the global economy; 

beliefs and objectives for future operations; 

our ability to develop and protect our brand; 

our ability to maintain and grow the payment volume that we process; 

our ability to further attract, retain, and expand our client base; 

our ability to develop new solutions and services and bring them to market in a timely manner; 

our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including strategic partners; 

the effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to compete effectively; 

future acquisitions or investments in complementary companies, products, services, or technologies; 

our ability to enter new client verticals, including our relatively new business-to-business sector; 

our expectations regarding anticipated technology needs and developments and our ability to address those needs and developments with our solutions; 

our expectations regarding litigation and legal and regulatory matters; 

our expectations regarding our ability to meet existing performance obligations and maintain the operability of our solutions; 

our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to payments and financial services, taxation, privacy and data protection; 

economic and industry trends, projected growth, or trend analysis; 

our ability to adapt to changes in U.S. federal income or other tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws, including the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 

our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; 

our ability to maintain the security and availability of our solutions; 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and 

the future market price of our common stock. 

Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include additional factors that could harm our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements, events, or circumstances. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 Unless otherwise noted or unless the context provides otherwise, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our common stock refer to our voting common stock. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 It em 1. Business 
 Our Mission 
 Our mission is to deliver the most important and complex payments. In an increasingly digital world, getting paid means Flywire. 
 Our Company 
 Flywire is a leading global payments enablement and software company. Our next-gen payments platform, proprietary global payment network and vertical-specific software help our clients get paid and help their customers pay with ease no matter where they are in the world. Our clients rely on us for integrated solutions that are both global and local, and combine tailored invoicing, flexible payment options, and highly personalized omni-channel experiences. We believe we make generational advances for our clients by transforming payments into a source of value and growth for their organizations while delighting their customers with payment experiences that are engaging, secure, fast, and transparent. 
 There have been substantial strides made in payments technology in the retail and e-commerce industries; however, massive sectors of our global economy including education, healthcare, travel, and business to business (B2B) payments are still in the early stages of digital transformation. We estimate the annual addressable volume for these sectors alone to be approximately 11.7 trillion, as more fully described in Our Market Opportunity . We believe Flywire is well-positioned to capture a meaningful share of this global payment volume given our ability to provide deeply-integrated digital solutions that address both domestic and cross-border payments. 
 Our clients, and the types of organizations we serve in education, healthcare, travel, and B2B, require payment processes and experiences that can deliver high-stakes, high-value payments and are specifically tailored to their industry, their business, and their customers. Often, payment solutions have a one size fits all approach, without regard for the particular nuances and detailed operations of specific verticals. Without Flywire, organizations often invest substantial resources in building their own payment offerings or rely on disparate legacy systems, which not only fail to meet their or their customers needs but also divert meaningful resources away from revenue-generating work. When core payment capabilities like invoicing, diverse payment offerings and reconciliation are inefficient, organizations miss the opportunity to use payments to scale and grow their business. 
 Flywire was founded to solve these challenges. We aim to power the transformation of our clients accounts receivable functions by automating paper and check-based business processes in addition to creating interactive, digital payment experiences for their customers. As a result, clients who implement our cross-border and in-country domestic payments and software solutions can experience improved accounts receivable, higher enrollment in payment plans, and a reduction in customer support inquiries. We help our clients turn their accounts receivable functions into strategic, value-enhancing areas of their organizations. 
 Over the last decade, we have invested significant resources to build a global network of bank, payment and technology partners that enable us to provide end-to-end connectivity between our clients and their customers in many countries around the world. We have engineered our software-driven payments technology stack to meet enterprise-level standards and functionality while delivering simplicity, convenience and ease of use for our clients and their customers. In addition, we have developed personalized communication channels (e.g., short message service (sms), chat, email, text, or phone) to enhance our clients ability to engage with their customers through a digital-first user experience. The result of these investments is our Flywire Advantage . 
 Our Flywire Advantage is derived from three core elements: (i) our next-gen payments platform; (ii) our proprietary global payment network; and (iii) our vertical-specific software backed by our deep industry expertise. 
 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 

Next-Gen Payments Platform. Our platform improves the legacy accounts receivable value chain by facilitating global payment flows across multiple currencies, payment types, and payment options. We do not simply collect payments and track money flows. Rather, our clients integrate our platform into their existing apps and workflows once and have access to a full suite of solutions, including tailored invoicing, settlement and reconciliation tools, single sign-on and checkout, recurring payments, and split payouts. Our platform automates and manages the process from initial invoice delivery through payment settlement and core system reconciliation. In addition, we leverage deep data and analytics to help our clients understand their customers historic payment behavior, facilitate transaction matching to optimize costs and offer flexible domestic and international payment plans. 

Proprietary Global Payment Network. At the core of our business is our network of global, regional and local banking partners which we have been strategically expanding for over a decade. With a single connection to Flywire, our clients have access to a unique set of payment methods including banks, third-party payment providers, payment networks and digital wallets making it possible to accept and settle payments in over 240 countries and territories and in over 140 currencies. Our global payment network also provides direct connections to alternative payment methods such as Alipay, Boleto, PayPal / Venmo, and Trustly. Regardless of the currency on the invoice received, our clients customers can pay in their local currency with their preferred payment method. Additionally, our global payment network is optimized for country-specific regulatory and compliance standards which often require vertical-specific functionality and processes to serve our clients and their customers. 

Vertical-Specific Software Backed by Deep Industry Expertise . We go beyond payments by offering seamless integration of our software within our clients existing operating workflows and IT infrastructure. Our team, with decades of industry and domain expertise, designed our cloud-based software to be highly scalable across the types of clients we serve, aiming to solve unique payments and accounts receivable challenges of education, healthcare, travel, and B2B. For example, we have launched over 8,000 client payment portals, each built on our shared payments platform and global payment network but tailored to our clients brands and needs. In addition, our software solutions include interactive dashboards to manage payments, reporting tools to streamline reconciliation and customer communication tools to personalize and digitize engagement. This 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 enables us to be a hub of omni-channel connectivity, augmenting the relationship between our clients and their customers. 

These three core elements of our business fuel a powerful and accelerating flywheel. When we started Flywire, we built a robust payments platform that solved pain points for cross-border payments and delivered simplicity, transparency, and cost-effective solutions. Continued adoption of our payments platform has enabled us to enhance engagement with our clients, create more personalized connections for our clients customers and extend our reach. Adding new clients and their customers builds our global scale and deepens our knowledge and expertise, enabling us to streamline and automate complex accounts receivable functions. As shown in the illustration below, as the number of clients using our next-gen payments platform grows, we are able to continue to enhance our end-to-end solutions, tailor our vertical-specific software and expand our global payment network to support more local payment types. 

The benefits of our flywheel are visible in the significant scale we have achieved to date. As of December 31, 2022, we serve over 3,100 clients around the world. In education, we serve more than 2,300 institutions. In healthcare, we serve more than 80 healthcare systems, including four of the top 10 healthcare systems in the United States ranked by hospital size. In our newer payment verticals of travel and B2B, we have a growing portfolio of more than 600 clients. 
 Our business model is designed to encourage rapid, widespread utilization of our solutions. We enable our clients to scale the use of Flywire to an unlimited number of customers with favorable unit economics. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we enabled approximately 18.1 billion and 13.2 billion, respectively, of total payment volume across more than 140 currencies. 
 The value of our Flywire Advantage has been recognized, with global financial institutions and technology providers choosing to form channel partnerships with us. Our channel partners include financial institutions such as Bank of America Corporation; payment providers such as China UnionPay Co. Ltd. and Adyen N.V.; and software companies that serve as the core systems in our verticals such as Ellucian Company, L.P. in education and Cerner Corporation in 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 healthcare. These partnerships promote organic referral and lead generation opportunities and enhance our indirect sales strategy. 
 We also reach clients through our direct channel. Our domain-experienced sales and relationship management teams bring vertical expertise and regional and local reach that drives high dollar-based net retention. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 124 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 140 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clients and the industries we serve, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 100 . In addition, our client and customer service combines high-tech and high-touch functions backed by 24x7 multilingual customer support, resulting in high client and customer satisfaction. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net promoter score (NPS) of 62, which exceeds the average NPS of traditional financial institutions. 
 We have grown rapidly since our founding. We generated revenue of 289.4 million, 201.1 million and 131.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and incurred net losses of 39.3 million, 28.1 million and 11.1 million, respectively for those same years. In July 2022, we acquired Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. (Cohort Go), an Australian-based education payments provider that simplifies the student recruitment process by bringing together students, agents and essential student services such as health insurance into one platform. In December 2021, we acquired WPM Group Ltd. (WPM), a leading software provider that enables seamless and secure payment experiences for universities and colleges across the U.K. In February 2020, we acquired Simplificare Inc. (Simplee), a provider of healthcare payment and collections software. 
 Benefits of the Flywire Advantage to Our Clients and Their Customers 
 Flywire sits in between our clients, which include educational institutions, hospitals, travel providers, businesses, and their customers: students, patients, travelers, and businesses. We believe this two-sided relationship makes us strategically important for our clients who rely on us for their complex accounts receivable needs, and for our clients customers who rely on us to deliver their most important payments. 
 Benefits of the Flywire Advantage to Our Clients 
 We continuously apply our knowledge and domain expertise in education, healthcare, travel, and B2B payments to expand upon our solutions and meet the specific needs of our clients, while freeing them from cumbersome and legacy financial processes. For our clients, key benefits of our solutions include: 
 Modern customer-focused payment experience. We enable a convenient and secure online payment experience which can be configured by country, currency, client, and vertical. Our personalization engine leverages our data and applies artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to match the payment preferences of our clients customers with the right payment options. By streamlining a previously cumbersome and highly-manual process, our clients have the ability to extend transparency to their customers and proactively engage them through their preferred communication methods. 

Simplify payments complexity. We address complexity in payments by providing our clients with a one-stop shop offering, substantially reducing the need to work with and manage multiple disparate vendors and systems. Our clients can experience a seamless workflow from start to finish with end-to-end visibility, from invoice to payment to receipt and reconciliation. This helps accelerate funds flow while streamlining operational expenses. 

Processing cost savings and enhanced payments yield. We leverage our significant global volume and in-house currency hedging algorithms to mitigate our clients risk from currency fluctuation and reduce incremental payment fees, which we believe results in significant cost savings to our clients bottom line. Additionally, to optimize affordability for our clients customers, we design personalized payment plan offers. By providing a better customer experience, our clients can eliminate time-consuming customer calls and make their operations more efficient. We believe this results in our clients getting paid more quickly and consistently. 

Ease of integration. Built on open architecture, Flywire integrates with existing systems and technology, allowing clients to consolidate transactions and accounts, automate payment plans and cash management, and optimize processing through aligned billing-related tools. This ease of integration enables our clients to serve their customers better and faster, increasing satisfaction while reducing costs. 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Trusted expertise and a trusted brand. Our clients and their customers view Flywire as a trusted technology partner. With deep roots in each industry we serve, our thought leadership, guidance, and innovation in our solutions, have built confidence and advocacy in Flywire throughout our clients and their customers around the world. We believe we bring a new level of transparency, efficiency, and value to industries that are traditionally characterized by complex operations and held back by services of legacy providers. Additionally, we believe the strength of our information security and compliance that underpins our solutions is a core differentiator that drives client trust. 

Benefits of the Flywire Advantage to Our Clients Customers 
 Our digital-first customer experience is designed to make the process of paying invoices simple. For our clients customers, key benefits of our solutions include: 
 Superior and simple payment experiences. Our customer value proposition is simple: we provide a fast and nearly frictionless experience for our clients customers most important payments. Providing an integrated experience that leverages single sign-on, our clients customers can very quickly view real-time account balance updates, receive personalized communication and complete their payments all as part of a streamlined digital self-service experience. These features can lead to an increase in self-service digital payments and optimized conversion of completed payments. 

Customer preference. Using Flywire, our clients customers can choose their preferred payment method, currency, and communication channel, such as sms, chat, email, text, or phone. We make it possible to accept and settle payments in over 240 countries and territories and in more than 140 currencies, so our clients customers can choose the way they pay using local payment methods that they are most comfortable using. 

Flexible on-demand payment options. We believe we provide favorable and transparent payment plans that can lead to increased engagement and enrollment by our clients customers. As a result, our clients customers can spread expenses across smaller, easier-to-manage payments. Our payments platform also enables our clients to offer their customers the choice to either front-load payment plans or provide extension options beyond service delivery. 

Customer confidence. Navigating the world of complex cross-border payments can be overwhelming for our clients customers. With our superior customer experience including around the clock multilingual support, we believe that we give customers the confidence that their payments are delivered securely, accurately, and on time. 

How Our Flywire Advantage Works 
 Our clients needs extend beyond simple payment processing. Enabling our clients to use enhanced payment functionality to drive business value as well as streamlining and automating their domestic and cross-border payment operations, requires a specialized approach that combines a secure, reliable, and robust suite of payments and software solutions with a seamless customer experience. 
 To achieve this, we leverage our Flywire Advantage and its three core elements: (i) our next-gen payments platform; (ii) our proprietary global payment network; and (iii) our vertical-specific software backed by our deep industry expertise. 
 Next-Gen Payments Platform 
 Our next-gen payments platform is designed for payment processes and experiences that can deliver high-stakes, high-value payments. Through a single connection to our platform, we support the entire lifecycle of a domestic or cross-border transaction across online, mobile or in-person channels. This eliminates the need to work with multiple vendors and payment providers. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we enabled approximately 18.1 billion and 13.2 billion, respectively, in total payment volume across multiple payment types, including local bank transfer, credit, debit and other alternative payment methods such as Alipay, Boleto, PayPal / Venmo, and Trustly. The majority of our payment volume is not card related and is completed over our global payment network. This reflects the myriad of payment options enabled by our global payment network that are critical for the larger, more complex payments that we handle. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We designed our next-gen payments platform to be: 
 Integrated . Fully unified and seamlessly connected to a broad range of core operating systems, facilitating easy data capture and compatibility across a broad range of solutions; 

Flexible . Supports complex workflows and payment experiences for both in-country domestic and cross-border payments; and 

Secure . Leverages Payment Card Industry-validated Point-to-Point Encryption tokenization and other best-in-class and regulatory-compliant security measures. 

By utilizing predictive analytics, ML and AI, we handle the complexities of money movement across borders while providing fast, compliant, and transparent receipt of payments. Our AI and ML enabled fraud detection risk engine has trained against millions of automated clearing house (ACH), check, card, and wire transactions. As a result, the enhanced power of our risk engine enables us to mitigate fraud. 
 Our comprehensive payments offering enables our clients to provide their customers a choice of cost-effective payment methods, currencies, and terms while enjoying a seamless digital experience. Our offering, supported by Flywire s security, risk, and compliance monitoring tools, includes: 
 enhanced invoicing, settlement and reconciliation tools that simplify billing and customer payments and better manage cash flow and revenue; 

end-to-end processing, from authorization to clearing to settlement and reconciliation; 

turnkey solution for enhanced and secure single sign-on and checkout; 

recurring, split and flexible payment options, including robust payment plan logic that can be tailored in our vertical-specific implementations; and 

unified reporting and analytics tools through direct integrations to client back-end infrastructure. 

Below is a sample funds flow for a traveler from Australia taking a ski vacation in Japan paying in their local currency and with their preferred method of payment, such as a bank transfer of Australian Dollars to Japanese Yen, without incurring hidden fees, and with exchange rate protection. The illustration shows how our next-gen payments platform can be configured and activated at the client level, and deliver a seamless experience from any country of payment or receipt. 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition to international expansion, we are accelerating the growth of our in-country domestic accounts receivable business, both by selling new solutions to existing clients and gaining new clients. Many of our clients who successfully use our payments platform to process cross-border payments require a similar solution for in-country domestic payments, which have similar challenges: they are reliant on home-grown or legacy solutions with limited or inflexible capabilities and often require time consuming manual updates. With our payments platform, clients are able to streamline payment processes and offer their customers flexible payment options, without the expense of building their own systems for both in-country domestic and cross-border transactions. 
 Proprietary Global Payment Network 
 Our proprietary global payment network is comprised of global, regional and local banks and technology and payment partners around the world. We believe the extensive global reach and breadth of our network, serving more than 240 countries and territories, provides a strong competitive advantage. Additionally, we have local market knowledge and expertise to enable funds flow in some of the hardest to reach markets. We have also assembled redundant payment rails, wherever possible. 
 With Flywire s network, our clients can take advantage of our local-in / local-out strategy providing access to pay-in options, such as local bank transfers, card-based payments, and alternative payment methods, while enabling pay-out capabilities in our clients preferred local payment methods. 
 We believe our receive-side network sets us apart. Flywire clients, no matter the vertical or market they are in, can receive a single daily payment in their preferred currency that aggregates and reconciles all their customer payments made via Flywire from around the globe across approximately 4,000 geographic corridors for 2022 representing transaction flows between payers and payees. 
 Once our clients are connected to our global payment network, they can leverage an extended range of services and capabilities, including: 
 Transaction routing optimized for cost, risk and compliance management . We leverage the plug and play configuration of our global payment network and our proprietary payment-routing engine to analyze costs, currency exchange rates and payment acceptance data. Based on our analytics, we can configure optimal transaction routing that increases authorization rates in a secure and compliant manner, while reducing our processing costs and the costs to our clients customers. 

Local clearing capabilities . Our clients customers have the ability to authorize and clear transactions in over 240 countries and territories through our connectivity to banks and major payment networks. Payments are made through direct connections to global, regional and local banks or through relationships with our payments partners including Citigroup Inc. These connections and relationships help us create local clearing hubs which enable our clients and their customers to have a local payments experience. 

Ecosystem of alternative payment methods . We offer a myriad of alternative payment methods, such as Alipay, Boleto, PayPal / Venmo, and Trustly, to allow customers to choose how they pay. We believe this helps promote greater adoption of our payments platform, higher levels of engagement and satisfaction, and increased value across our ecosystem. 

Global pay-out . We enable our clients to automate disbursements and seamlessly settle in over 140 currencies via pay-out options including local currency bank deposits. We believe we are able to settle pay-out more quickly given our end-to-end control and visibility of the transaction process. 

Tailored and scalable regulatory and compliance infrastructure . This foundational element underpins our global payment network. We have fraud and transaction monitoring tools designed to accommodate multiple industry verticals. We combine this with the application of know-your customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) standards that are tailored to meet the applicable requirements of the jurisdictions where our clients operate. In addition, we leverage our in-depth knowledge of the markets in which we operate to execute tactically while complying with local licensing and regulatory requirements. 

10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vertical-Specific Software Backed by Deep Industry Expertise 
 We tailor our software to meet the needs of each vertical market we serve. We do so by leveraging our industry expertise and knowledge to develop a comprehensive view of our clients complex business challenges. We learn to speak our clients language and tailor their invoicing processes and payment options to their specific situations. 
 We offer deep integration within our clients existing apps and workflows for seamless payment acceptance and reconciliation. Our integrations, supported by our application programming interfaces (APIs), include some of the largest and most recognized accounting and enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, such as Ellucian Company, L.P. in education, Epic Systems Corporation in healthcare, Rezdy Pty Ltd in travel, and Oracle Corporation in B2B payments. Through these integrations, our clients are able to reduce the number of banks and technology and payment providers on which they rely, while achieving faster settlements and lower wire and transaction fees. 
 Specific features of our vertical-specific software include: 
 Vertical-specific digital workflows . We help our clients automate the accounts receivable process from creation of an invoice to delivery to the customer, to receipt of funds and synchronization back to their ERP system. In these workflows, we provide enhanced capabilities that improve customer satisfaction and may increase the collectability of amounts owed (e.g., offering patients of a health system the option to create a payment plan if they are unwilling or unable to pay their full amount due in a single payment). We provide timely status updates of financial inflows and outflows by indicating when invoices are delivered, opened, and paid. Our robust reporting tools provide our clients with a real time overview of their business payments profile. 

Integration and synchronization to core and industry specific systems . Our software is designed to automate accounts receivable reconciliation by synchronizing customer transactions with our client s accounting and ERP systems. Our synchronization capabilities substantially reduce double data-entry and increase efficiency. 

Real-time access . By leveraging our data, our clients can access real-time invoice and payment status updates, facilitate seamless communication with customers and easily track payments from their customers. 

Predictive analytics . We have robust predictive analytics capabilities to assess payment transactions across our client base and to intelligently determine the appropriate pricing or payment plans. For example, in healthcare, we have built a personalization engine that enables hospitals and healthcare systems to better predict a patient s capacity to pay and tailor the payment options they are offered, all in accordance with the hospital s business rules. 

Below is an illustration of how a large hospital client utilizes our software to personalize patient engagement with payment options and billing conversations. We solve capacity to pay for our clients customers (with payment plans or other intelligent promotional financing) and we engage with them through their preferred communication methods (e.g., sms, chat, email, text, or phone). In turn, our clients are able to maximize yield on their accounts receivable potential, resulting in higher net payments, lower call volume, lower debt outstanding and most importantly, lower costs and happier patients. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 

Our Industry 
 We believe Flywire plays a critical role in helping digitize transactions in traditionally underserved markets, facilitating in-country domestic and cross-border invoicing and payments, automating reconciliation, and providing a seamless experience for our clients customers. Our ability to deliver the most important and complex payments both domestically and internationally has become increasingly valued by our clients due to the following trends: 
 Globalization and the rise of a borderless economy requires global, cross-border and local payment and regulatory expertise 
 As the world becomes more connected, it is both easier and harder to do business. Consumers want to make payments across borders with ease and want to have a personalized experience in their language and in their local currency. Businesses are attempting to satisfy this demand, but we believe they often struggle to deliver truly global capabilities. Providing a solution that meets the needs of our global client base extends beyond simple payment processing. Enabling, streamlining, and automating our clients in-country domestic and cross-border payment operations requires a specialized approach that combines a secure, reliable, and robust suite of payments and software solutions with a seamless customer experience. We believe we can deliver extensive global reach and bring local market knowledge and expertise to keep up with the rapidly changing payments landscape. 
 Globalization has also increased the complexity of the regulatory landscape that our clients need to navigate. Consumers and businesses are required to understand and adhere to extensive and often incongruous sets of laws and regulations in both local and cross-border regimes. For example, many countries with significant cross-border flows require distinct paperwork to be collected, validated and recorded as part of currency export compliance for high-value payments. Furthermore, we believe that clients often lack the policies, procedures and systems in order to implement and monitor strict compliance. We believe that the result is often costly and manual review processes, which can also increase the client s risk of penalties and fines. We endeavor to actively manage the global complexities of regulation for our clients payments while implementing innovative solutions intended to make the entire process more efficient and user-friendly. 
 The shift to software-integrated digital payments is accelerating 
 As business and consumer transaction expectations shift with digitization, providers of modern payments platforms with industry-specific software have begun to displace legacy systems. Businesses and consumers have come to expect that all payment flows, especially for high-value services, are settled with the same ease as typical e-commerce purchases. We expect these trends will impact all industries and force many businesses to accept new digital payment methods. We believe fully integrated payments and software solutions, including those provided by us, enable businesses 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 to offer seamless payment experiences, minimize friction at the point-of-sale and respond to evolving customer preferences. 
 Legacy payment and accounts receivable management infrastructure has significant limitations and is ripe for innovation 
 Even in some of the largest industries in the world, such as education, healthcare, and travel, legacy payment and accounts receivable infrastructure has not evolved to streamline complexities nor enhance efficiency as demanded by organizations or their customers. This legacy infrastructure has the following limitations: 
 Paper-based. The accounts receivable process, from creation of an invoice to delivery to the customer, is most often still dependent on paper. This paper-based workflow not only results in payment flows that are slow, error-prone, and less secure, but is also costly for businesses. Organizations that process substantially all of their accounts receivable by automated or electronic means report half the accounts receivable processing costs of those that do not, according to survey data from the American Productivity and Quality Center (APQC). We digitize and automate the accounts receivable process from start to finish, allowing clients to rely on our solutions and save on their accounts receivable transaction and processing costs. 

Manual. Legacy workflows require manual input of employees at every stage of the accounts receivable process: from opening an envelope, logging the receipt, getting approvals, cashing the check, to proper accounting and compliance. This repetitive employee engagement significantly slows down payment flows, increases likelihood of error, and is more expensive for businesses. Organizations that automatically generate the vast majority of their invoices reported processing almost twice as many invoices per invoicing full-time equivalent (FTE) compared to those that do not, according to survey data from the APQC. Our clients can easily leverage our solutions for traditional back-office tasks, with less manual labor involved from start to finish. 

Disparate. Many businesses deal with multiple accounting and reconciliation systems to process a single transaction flow. According to APQC survey data, inefficient processing of receivables requires almost 2.5 times as many FTE resources compared to top-performing organizations for the same dollar volume. Instead of relying on stacks of disparate technology systems that were not built to work together in the context of a seamless experience, our clients can use our solutions to automatically synchronize customer transactions while leveraging their existing IT infrastructure. 

Lacking functionality and capabilities that drive value. A large number of businesses attempt to use their current accounting or ERP systems for accounts receivable management. These systems often lack functional and analytical capabilities to calibrate and present optimal payment options that could improve customer experience and maximize client yield on their accounts receivable. In contrast, our predictive analytics capabilities provide valuable insights to help drive business decisions and allow our clients to tailor their offerings. For example, our clients can see when a payment plan may be helpful to one of their customers, allowing them or their customers to initiate a payment plan. This insight and functionality can ultimately increase the speed and frequency of collection and improve customer satisfaction. 

Accelerating digitization of B2B payments 
 We believe the B2B payments market remains one of the largest untapped opportunities in the payments industry. Few payments and software companies have end-to-end integrated payments solutions including accounts receivable software, omni-channel offerings, cross-border capabilities and other value-added services. Most often, providers only offer one or two of these capabilities and require clients to employ other piecemeal point solutions. The unique combination of our next-gen payments platform, proprietary global payment network, and vertical-specific software enables us to design and deliver a comprehensive suite of solutions that help our business clients get paid by their customers. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 We believe the trend of digitizing payments is inevitable across all industries. When businesses and consumers make payments, they expect a quick and easy process. On the receiving end, businesses expect to accept payments from different sources and countries, and reconcile them from within one system, but without added complexity or additional costs. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Many industries still lack the digital payments infrastructure that is necessary to meet customer demand and solve operational inefficiencies. For example, the majority of healthcare payments are still made by check. Likewise, in education, budget shortfalls, along with rising tuition costs, have added financial strain and created collections problems. 
 These inefficiencies are costly. According to a study by Deloitte, middle-market businesses incur 3.3 trillion in operational costs when reconciling invoices as a result of inadequate legacy solutions, such as disparate file formats and lack of back-office support for automated remittances. 
 Despite these shortfalls, the demand for domestic and cross-border money movement continues to accelerate and global payments present one of the largest market opportunities. For the primary industries we currently serve, we estimate the current addressable market for our solutions to be approximately 1.7 trillion in global payment volume, including education 660 billion) (1) , healthcare 500 billion) (2) and travel (approximately 530 billion). (3) 
 Additionally, our B2B payments offering expands the addressable market for our solutions, which we estimate to be over 10 trillion in addressable B2B payment volume (4) . Given Flywire s existing penetration of key verticals, ability to integrate with a broad range of core systems and continued investments in our next-gen payments platform, proprietary global payment network, and vertical-specific software, we believe we have the opportunity to capture a meaningful share of this payment volume. 
 
 (1) Based on net household payments to educational institutions in OECD countries in 2020 according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and payments made to private education institutions in Southeast Asia in 2015 according to EY Parthenon. 	 

(2) Based on U.S. out of pocket healthcare spending in 2019 according to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services and cross-border healthcare payments in 2020 according to Patients Without Borders. 

(3) Based on global travel industry revenue in 2020 according to IBISWorld and management s estimates that approximately 41 of the non-business and professional travel payment volume is addressable by our solutions. 

(4) Based on cross-border B2B inflows revenue in 2020 according to Juniper and management s estimates that at least 75 of total B2B payment volume is made by medium to large businesses and is potentially addressable by our solutions. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 We believe we have a significant opportunity to build on our success and momentum to date. The key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Expand Our Client Reach 
 Grow with existing clients. We intend to continue to become a more integral part of our clients businesses as the number of our clients customers who utilize our solutions increases. Our track record of organic growth with our clients is demonstrated by our three-year average annual net dollar-based retention rate, which was approximately 121 for the years ended December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022. As our clients transform and digitize their operational workflows, we plan to encourage them to add additional solutions, such as tailored invoicing, payment plans, and eStore marketplace. 

Continue to win new clients. We plan to expand our sales and marketing efforts to increase brand awareness and highlight the value of our solutions. We believe this will attract new clients to Flywire and as we add more clients, we can accelerate the effects of our flywheel. 

Increase payments platform monetization. We have the opportunity to offer additional complementary payment services to our clients customers in support of our clients business goals. We intend to leverage our Flywire Advantage by expanding the number of use cases we can address such as handling payables in education, business invoices in hospitals, and commissions in travel. 

Expand our solution portfolio. We expect to continue investing in our solution portfolio by expanding the breadth and depth of our payments and software capabilities. 

Expand Our Ecosystem Through Channel Partnerships 
 While the majority of our clients to date have been acquired by our direct sales team, we expect that continued engagement with channel partners, including financial institutions and providers of enterprise software solutions in our key verticals, will enhance our client acquisition efforts and drive continued growth. We also believe our channel partners, which include consultants specialized in our industry verticals, will help amplify the reach and visibility of our solutions to clients worldwide. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Expand to New Verticals and Geographies 
 We leverage our Flywire Advantage to scale into new verticals and geographic markets. We have a strong track record of expanding efficiently into new verticals and geographic markets, as we have shown in healthcare, travel, and B2B payments and in the expanded reach of our global payment network. We see a large and significantly underserved opportunity for clients domestically and internationally to benefit from our payments platform, global payment network and vertical-specific software. Additionally, there are other industries, including real estate and government taxes, that we believe are poorly digitized and could benefit from our solutions. 
 Pursue Strategic and Value-Enhancing Acquisitions 
 We intend to continue to complement and accelerate our organic growth strategies through acquisitions. We have a successful record of identifying, executing, and integrating acquisitions, and we intend to continue to pursue acquisitions through a highly disciplined approach. We also have the scale to be an attractive and reputable consolidator in the payments markets as evidenced by our ability to retain nearly all of the clients and employees from our Simplee, WPM and Cohort Go acquisitions. We believe our approach and breadth of experience in integrating culturally-aligned businesses position us to maximize the value we derive from future acquisitions. 
 Our Flywire Culture and Team 
 As an organization, our culture is founded on our shared experiences, unique and diverse backgrounds, and belief in our mission to deliver on the most important and complex payments. As a collective team of approximately 1,000 full-time employees and contractors, who Flywire calls FlyMates, we strive for excellence as one team, guided by our core values, including: 
 Global collaboration. We believe in teamwork. 

Authenticity. We never compromise on integrity, honesty, and kindness. 

Fulfillment. We strive for personal and professional satisfaction. 

Execution. We accomplish our goals through collective support and accountability. 

Ambitious innovation. We continuously look to deliver more and new value to all our constituents. 

Evolved learning. We believe in new challenges and constant growth. 

Our leadership team defines our culture and strategy and collectively has decades of experience leading companies through rapid growth at scale. Representing approximately 40 nationalities and spoken languages, our diverse team of FlyMates deliver critical domain expertise and regionally tailored skill sets to our clients 24x7. We believe our team s relentless client focus and adherence to our shared values are evident in our 2022 NPS of 62, and will continue to define our future success. 
 Our Business Model 
 We derive revenue from transactions and platform and usage-based fees. Each new student tuition bill, patient visit, travel journey and business invoice, is an opportunity for us to generate fees. 
 Our revenue is highly re-occurring in nature due to the mission-critical nature of our solutions that are deeply integrated within our clients existing operating workflows and IT infrastructure. We believe the depth and breadth of our solutions help our clients get paid faster and with less friction. This enables us to develop long-standing relationships with our clients, which in turn also drive strong retention and significant cross-selling opportunities. 
 An Illustration of Our Solution 
 We simplify domestic and cross-border payment transactions for our clients by eliminating the need to work with disparate vendors for invoicing, global pay-in and pay-out, compliance and risk management and more. Through a single connection to Flywire, we enable our clients to securely accept and reconcile payments and engage with their customers. The illustrations below depict how Flywire manages both international and domestic payments for a representative education client. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 International Payment Example : In the first example below, a Chinese student paying their tuition to a Canadian university experiences a seamless process from start to finish choosing their preferred payment method and currency. For our client, the accounts receivable process is automated and streamlined from invoice to receipt and to reconciliation and real-time ERP updates. For our cross-border payments, we have short term foreign exchange exposure, typically between one and four days; we leverage our in-house currency hedging algorithms, and enter into non-deliverable forward foreign currency contracts, to mitigate the volatility related to fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates. For additional discussion about our foreign exchange exposure, please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 
 Domestic Payment Example : The example below illustrates the process of offering payment plans to domestic students, which can be set up by either the school or the student. 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 From the same payments platform, we manage the entire payment process for our clients with the only difference being the type of payment offering selected to meet the needs of their customers, whether that be international or domestic. 
 Our Go-To-Market Strategy 
 Our direct sales channel is core to our go-to-market strategy. We believe that regional, vertical, and broader domain expertise, as well as continued client management, are critical to our sales success. Our regional sales teams are located in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region including Singapore, Japan, and Australia. Our relationship management team augments direct sales capabilities by cultivating existing relationships and identifying cross-sell and up-sell opportunities of additional solutions, contributing to our strong dollar-based net retention rate. We believe that our ability to understand the nuanced pain points of education, healthcare, and travel accounts receivable is a strategic advantage enabling us to gain clients in those verticals, while our broader domain expertise in payments, treasury, and banking is critical to executing on our broader B2B payments expansion. 
 We focus our sales and marketing efforts on generating leads to develop our sales pipeline, building brand and vertical awareness, scaling our network of partners, and growing our business from our existing client base. Our sales leads primarily come through inbound digital channels including our website, content marketing efforts, lead generation and account-based marketing tactics, virtual events, and industry trade shows and associations. 
 We typically follow a land-and-expand strategy as our clients engage with us on more than one solution as we grow our partnership. For example, in education we have a high success rate expanding beyond solving cross-border payments needs, with clients also adopting our domestic solutions or full-suite enterprise solution. Once our clients experience the depth of our ability to handle their multi-faceted accounts receivable and payments needs, our relationship managers are able to successfully cross-sell and up-sell other solutions, creating a large avenue of revenue generation with minimal incremental acquisition cost. 
 We also reach clients indirectly through our channel partnerships, integrations with workflow software, and other technology providers. Our channel partners include financial institutions, such as Bank of America Corporation, as well as a number of referral partners such as Tribal Group and Cerner Corporation. Additionally, Flywire has integrations with leading accounting and ERP systems, such as Oracle Corporation, Ellucian Company, L.P., Epic Systems Corporation and Rezdy Pty Ltd. 
 Our Technology and Architecture 
 Our unified technology is at the core of our Flywire Advantage . The scale and complexity of the product implementation challenges that we address for our clients and their customers cannot easily be addressed through today s legacy systems and outdated infrastructure. Instead, it requires our combination of a modern technology stack, cloud-native infrastructure, and investment in product and engineering management talent. 
 Our engineering approach includes a DevOps culture, microservice architecture, continuous delivery, and the use of containers to enable shorter development lifecycles. We also operate independently-deployable services that are critical to supporting verticals and reliability across operating environments. Our product and engineering leadership team has a long history of payments and payments technology experience, with domain expertise across our verticals. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our technology stack is comprised of the following: 
 
 Payments-as-a-Service 
 Our next-gen payments platform includes the infrastructure required to support more than just simple money flows: 
 Payment services . Our technology to capture the payment from our clients customers. 

Enabling services . Our proprietary pricing engine, foreign currency exchange hedging infrastructure, and ML technology to manage fraud and AML risk. 

Transaction processing services . Our routing capabilities enabled by our automated technology to deliver on-time payments to the appropriate destination. 

Software-as-a-Service 
 Our vertical-specific software leverages our payments platform to provide industry specific solutions and deliver last mile connectivity to our clients operating systems and their customers. Our applications address complex billing and domestic and cross-border payment processes, while delivering a near seamless payment experience. Additionally, our personalization engine, delivered as a software solution and leverages our AI and ML and deep analytics systems. 
 Public Application Programming Interface (API) 
 We recently launched a direct public API that sits on top of our payments platform. For organizations of all sizes, from smaller businesses to larger enterprises who want to control the customer experience, we can expose our API for easy integration, significantly reducing the time to realize advantages from the use of our solution. This public API capability significantly enhances our ability to scale and to execute on our growth strategies. 
 Our technology is designed for speed, resilience and reliability. We believe we demonstrated our ability to scale when we entered the broader B2B market and were able to leverage engineering solutions and APIs in our other verticals, including a native module integrated into NetSuite. Our technology enables us to process transactions in real-time, regardless of origin, destination or amount. For example, in education, our deep, customized integrations within our clients systems can lead to the difference between on-time enrollment or missed registrations a difference that cannot be delivered through batch processes that are not posted instantaneously. We leverage Amazon Web Services (AWS) for 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our cloud redundancy, and tools such as Site24x7, Pingdom, Cloudflare, and PagerDuty for an uninterrupted experience for our clients. 
 Our Compliance and Risk Management Foundation 
 We have a dedicated compliance and risk management function. We have implemented the practices to help us protect our business and assure our clients and payment partners that our processes are compliant and meet or exceed their exacting standards, including advanced and agile practices for risk governance and a monitoring program that leverages key data inputs and software. We have robust AML, suspicious activity reports (SARs) and client KYC procedures. We also devote considerable resources to our data and cyber security. In addition, we possess key certifications across the verticals we serve, which we believe is an important aspect of why our clients choose to work with us. These audit-tested certifications and risk program features, which in many cases apply with specificity to the verticals we serve, include: third party certifications for Service Organization Control 2 (both SOC 1, Type II and SOC 2, Type II), Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), and Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) compliance, as well as systems and processes designed to ensure compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe, the Data Security Law and Personal Information Protection Law in China, the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act in Canada, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), among others. 
 Our experienced team, coupled with our advanced technology and software tools, helps us navigate the challenges of global payments in a compliant manner: 
 Local and global regulatory regimes . We believe we are able to react nimbly to global and local regulatory changes that affect our business. 

Locally, we often work with licensed and regulated payment service providers (PSPs) to bring more familiar solutions to our clients customers and to leverage their regulatory insight. This insight can be a valuable tool to deliver differentiated services to our clients to help them stay in front of laws that may impact their business. For example, in India, we addressed new tax withholding requirements for our clients customers and deployed a solution to help with their education-related payments. 
 Currency controls and exemptions . We have developed robust controls to comply with the requirements of handling cross-border payments. For example, in certain jurisdictions where it is required, we are able to help track and prove purpose-driven payments through digital document collection and verification integrated with our clients systems. 

Transaction-level risks . Our payments platform subjects payments to a series of controls, to mitigate the risk of facilitating fraud, money laundering, or transactions subject to sanctions. Payment information, historical activity and user behavior are utilized to identify potentially fraudulent transactions. All payments are monitored for suspicious behavior consistent with money laundering or terrorist financing, and all alerted activity is investigated by our internal team of experienced analysts. We also screen sender and receiver information, along with geolocation data, against relevant international watch lists. 

Dedicated, experienced and globally dispersed risk, information/physical security and internal audit function . We have consistently maintained a dedicated risk and security team led by our Chief Information Security Officer that is global in nature and devises and supports Flywire s strategy of risk reduction and business process and information protection excellence by assuring confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic information. We have also developed an internal audit program utilizing internal and external auditors focused on policies and processes, testing our controls, and reporting on a regular basis to our Audit Committee. Among the focal points are the risk and security program areas: 

o risk mitigation through outreach, awareness, assessment, policy development and adoption of best practices; 

o building and maintaining secure access protocols and network architecture; 

o monitoring of networks and systems to protect against, detect and eradicate malicious activity and ensure regulatory compliance; 

o managing continuity of operations planning for critical information systems; 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 o responding to security breaches to contain incidents and improve protocols; 

o regulatory horizon scanning and managing and enforcing compliance with global regulations (Sarbanes-Oxley, FERPA, HIPAA, GDPR, ADA and others); 

o managing physical security, health and safety (office, business travel and FlyMates); 

o developing and enforcing our vendor due diligence program; and 

o responding to external audits and law enforcement enquiries, conducting internal investigations, and maintaining audit-tested risk and security certifications. 

To support these areas of focus, our risk and security team has developed a foundation resting on an appropriate governance and policy structure, robust and scalable security architecture and solutions, and an expansive and continuous cyber security and incident response framework. In addition, we have FlyMates in the compliance and risk management function located around the world where we have operations to address the needs of the business in real-time. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competition consists of legacy payment methods such as traditional bank wires provided by local, regional and global banks and money transfers from remittance companies. Other competitors include integrated payment providers focused on cross-border payments; B2B payments platforms; and vertical-specific software solutions offered by local niche players. 
 We believe many legacy payment providers are hindered by limitations such as antiquated technology systems, insufficient solution and service offerings, poor user experiences, and unsatisfactory client and customer support. Our modern technology stack, combined with our innovative and flexible suite of solutions, addresses many of the issues that clients face today, including: 
 friction in client and customer experiences; 

lack of a scaled global network; 

limited software and payments offerings; 

inability to adapt to new technology; and 

unsophisticated fraud prevention and risk management tools. 

We believe that we compete favorably on the basis of these factors. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We protect our intellectual property through a combination of trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish and protect our proprietary rights both domestically and abroad. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our FlyMates, consultants and contractors and with parties with whom we do business in order to acquire intellectual property rights developed as a result of service to Flywire, as well as to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. 
 We actively pursue registration of our trademarks, logos, service marks, trade dress, and domain names in the United States and in other jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 106 registered trademarks and trademark applications, and were the registered holder of a variety of U.S. and international domain names. 
 From time to time, we also incorporate certain intellectual property licensed from third parties. Even if any such third-party technology was not available to us on commercially reasonable terms, we believe that alternative technologies would be available as needed. 
 For additional information about our intellectual property and associated risks, see the section titled Risk Factors If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Regulation and Industry Standards 
 Various aspects of our business and service areas operate in a quickly evolving regulatory environment, and are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local regulation, as well as regulation outside the United States. Certain of our services also are subject to rules promulgated by various card networks and other authorities, as more fully described below. These descriptions are not exhaustive, and these laws, regulations and rules frequently change, are subject to differing interpretations or enforcement, and are increasing in number. 
 We are registered as a Money Service Business (MSB) with the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) and are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and its implementing regulations, collectively, the BSA, and certain obligations contained therein, including, among other things, certain record-keeping and reporting requirements, and examinations by FinCEN. 
 The BSA is the primary compendium of U.S. laws and regulations regarding AML and countering the financing of terrorism (CFT). As required under the BSA, we have implemented and continue to expand an AML and CFT program designed to prevent our payments platform from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Our program is also designed to prevent our payments platform and global payment network from being used to facilitate business with certain individuals, entities, countries, and territories that are subject to economic or trade sanctions that the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Controls (OFAC) and various foreign authorities administer or enforce. Our AML and CFT compliance programs include policies, procedures, and controls that are designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and to assist in detecting and preventing the use of our payments platform to engage in money laundering or terrorist financing activity. Program elements include, without limitation, the designation of a BSA/AML Officer to oversee the programs, KYC procedures, processes to detect and report suspicious activity, sanctions screening, employee training, annual third-party independent testing, and risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence. 
 If our compliance programs are found to be deficient, we could lose key relationships with banks, merchant acquirers, and other payment partners on which we rely to carry out our business. Fines, penalties or sanctions for the violation of AML and CFT laws and regulations may be severe and our efforts to remediate issues may be costly, may result in diversion of management and staff time and effort, and may still not guarantee compliance. 
 Most states in the United States require a license to offer money transmission services. We are in the process of procuring money transmitter licenses (or the statutory equivalent) in those U.S. jurisdictions that require them in order to be able to offer additional business lines in the future. We have procured and maintain money transmitter licenses in 41 U.S. jurisdictions, and actively work to comply with new license requirements as they arise. We have taken the position that Flywire s business to date is exempt from licensure under various state money transmission laws, either expressly as a payment processor or agent of the payee, or pursuant to common law as an agent of the payee. We actively work to evaluate, and if applicable, comply with new license or regulatory requirements as they arise. Although we believe we have defensible arguments in support of our positions under the state money transmission statutes, we have not expressly obtained confirmation of such positions from all of the state banking departments who administer the state money transmission statutes. It is possible that certain state banking departments may determine that our activities are not exempt from licensure. In the past, certain competitors have been found to violate laws and regulations related to money transmission, and they have been subject to fines and other penalties by regulatory authorities. Regulators and third-party auditors have also identified gaps in how similar businesses have implemented AML and CFT programs. The adoption of new money transmitter or MSB statutes, or changes in regulators interpretation of existing state and federal money transmitter or MSB statutes or regulations, could subject Flywire to new registration, licensing or other requirements. Any determination that Flywire is in fact required to be licensed under such state money transmission or MSB statutes may require substantial expenditures of time and money and could lead to liability in the nature of penalties or fines, as well as cause us to be required to cease operations in some of the U.S. jurisdictions we serve. 
 With respect to the money transmission licenses we maintain in U.S. jurisdictions, we are subjected to, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, limitations on the investment of customer funds, and examination by state regulatory agencies. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements related to our money transmitter licenses may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability, and constraints on our ability to continue to operate. 
 Similar regulatory requirements exist in other markets where we do business. For example, local Flywire entities are licensed as Authorised Payments Institutions in each of the United Kingdom (U.K.) (regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)) and Lithuania (regulated by the Bank of Lithuania (BOL)), and Australia (regulated by the Australian 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Securities Investments Commission (ASIC)). In addition, we have secured in-principle approval for a Major Payment Institution license from the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). When serving clients in these regulated markets, we are generally required to implement governance structures, AML and CFT programs and KYC standards that are different from those in the U.S., and which incorporate local or European Economic Area (EEA) requirements. The FCA in particular has been an active regulator, and as a result of Brexit, we were able to both obtain a license from the BOL and continue to serve our EEA clients through the passporting principle without any interruption of service. In other non-U.S. markets, we are able to serve clients in locations that either do not require Flywire to obtain a license or pursuant to a specific exemption issued by the applicable regulator. 
 In addition, several jurisdictions where our clients customers reside impose currency export controls (e.g., China and India), taxation at source or other documentation requirements before money can be converted into destination currency and sent abroad. Generally, our local payment partners in these locations will assist in ensuring the customers meet these requirements, but it is often the case that we need to ensure that the Flywire payment experience accommodates the unique and ever-changing regulatory environments where our clients customers are located. 
 There are also a number of U.S. federal and state consumer finance and consumer protection laws that may impact Flywire s business. States have a myriad of statutes and case law precedent addressing when credit card surcharges or convenience fees may be imposed by third-party service providers and under what circumstances they are prohibited. In addition, Dodd-Frank created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which has assumed responsibility for implementing and enforcing most federal consumer financial protection laws and a prohibition on unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices. Several of these laws apply to some of Flywire s clients, and in some cases, Flywire is contractually obligated to ensure its services do not violate these laws, even though Flywire is not directly subject to them. For example, the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 (TILA) is a U.S. federal law that applies to creditors and is designed to promote the informed use of consumer credit. Although Flywire is not in the business of extending credit or charging interest on the payments it helps its clients collect, when Flywire clients extend credit subject to TILA, TILA may require our clients to provide disclosures to their customers about consumer credit terms and costs in a format specified by the CFPB. Our payment installment plan functionality utilized by our clients in healthcare and education often requires that our payment experience accommodate these disclosure obligations that attach to our clients. Our business may also be subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) which regulates the use and reporting of consumer credit information and imposes disclosure requirements on entities that take adverse action based on information obtained from credit reporting agencies. We could be liable if our practices governed under the FCRA are not in compliance with the FCRA or its regulations. 
 The Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA) also imposes substantive disclosure and error resolution obligations on entities that facilitate electronic fund transfers and international remittance transfers. We could be liable for violating EFTA if we fail to comply with these requirements when they apply to us. We do not believe other laws that are implemented by the CFPB, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act apply to us. If these determinations are wrong, interpretations of these statutes change, or we expand or change our solutions, we may be subject to the restrictions imposed by these laws. Should our business or solutions change in a way that did subject us to the CFPB s jurisdiction, we would be subject to increased scrutiny of our business and consumer compliance practices. 
 Separately, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (TCPA) and similar state and federal laws contain extensive rules relating to communication by telephone, such as detailed requirements relating to granting and revocation of consent and opt-in or opt-out thresholds for receipt of communications, and these requirements are often changing and the subject of high-profile litigation. Our services include features regulated by the TCPA and similar laws (e.g., calls made from automated dialing systems, texts confirming receipt of payment, status updates or due dates, appointment reminders) and we can be liable for penalties, or subject to litigation or contractual indemnification obligations, if we do not comply with them. 
 Flywire is also required to navigate card network rules and other requirements of self-regulatory organizations, such as ACH payment networks. We rely on our varied network of merchant acquirer relationships to access the payment card networks such as Visa and Mastercard, which enable our acceptance of credit cards and debit cards. We pay fees to our merchant acquirers for such services. 
 Visa, Mastercard and other card networks set complex and evolving rules and standards with which we must comply often referred to as card network rules . We also have relationships with American Express, Japan Credit Bureau (JCB) and China Unionpay, which impose similar obligations on us. The payment networks and their member financial institutions routinely update, generally expand and modify requirements applicable to merchant acquirers and their customers, including rules regulating data integrity, third-party relationships, merchant chargeback standards and 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 compliance with the PCI DSS. PCI DSS is a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. Under certain circumstances, we are required to report incidents to the card networks and other authorities within a specified time frame. Any changes in card network rules or standards that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide processing services to our merchants will adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 If we or our merchant acquirers fail to comply with the card network rules or other applicable rules and requirements of the card payment networks, Visa or Mastercard or our other card providers could suspend or terminate our registration. Further, our transaction processing capabilities, including with respect to settlement processes, could be delayed or otherwise disrupted, and recurring non-compliance could result in the payment networks seeking to fine us, or suspend or terminate our registrations which allow us to process transactions on their networks, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. 
 Under certain circumstances specified in the card network rules, we may be required to submit to periodic audits, self-assessments, or other assessments of our compliance with the PCI DSS. Such activities may reveal that we have failed to comply with the PCI DSS. In addition, even if we comply with the PCI DSS, there is no assurance that we will be protected from a security breach or other cybersecurity incident. 
 The termination of our registration with the payment networks, or any changes in payment network or issuer rules that limit our ability to provide card payment alternatives to our clients customers could have an adverse effect on our payment processing volumes, revenues and operating costs. If we are unable to comply with the requirements applicable to our settlement activities, the payment networks may no longer allow us to provide these services and we would lose a substantial portion of our revenues. 
 We are also subject to the National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) operating rules. NACHA is a self-regulatory organization which administers and facilitates private-sector operating rules for ACH payments and defines the roles and responsibilities of financial institutions and other ACH network participants. The NACHA Rules and Operating Guidelines impose obligations on us and our partner financial institutions particularly when we instruct our partner institutions to debit a third party s account. These obligations include audit and oversight by the financial institutions and the imposition of mandatory corrective action, including termination, for serious violations. If an audit or self-assessment of PCI DSS or NACHA compliance identifies any deficiencies that we need to remediate, the remediation efforts may distract our management team and other staff and be expensive and time consuming. 
 Similarly, our ACH sponsor banks have the right to audit our compliance with NACHA s rules and guidelines and are given wide discretion to approve certain aspects of our business practices. Like the payment networks, NACHA may update its operating rules and guidelines at any time, which could require us to take more costly compliance measures or to develop more complex monitoring systems. The NACHA rules permit transactions to be returned under certain circumstances. If too many of our transactions are returned, our ability to access the ACH system could be impaired by our partner financial institutions. Our partner financial institutions could similarly change their interpretation of NACHA requirements, which could require costly remediation efforts and could prevent us from continuing to provide services through such partner financial institutions until we remediate issues to their satisfaction. 
 We collect and use a wide variety of information (including personal information) for various purposes in our business, including: (i) to help ensure the integrity of our services, (ii) to meet KYC, transaction monitoring, AML and CFT standards, and (iii) to provide features and functionality to our clients and their customers. This aspect of our business, including the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information we acquire in connection with the use of our services, is subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States and globally. Regulation and proposed regulation in this area has increased significantly in recent years and is expected to continue to do so. 
 In addition to numerous privacy and data protection laws already in place, U.S. states are increasingly adopting laws modeled on the GDPR that impose comprehensive privacy and data protection obligations. For example, the CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020, gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used, and it imposes other requirements as well. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches. Colorado, Virginia and Utah have recently joined California in enacting privacy and data protection legislation that impose additional obligations on businesses related to the collection, storage and utilization of third party information, as well as the reporting of data breaches. All 50 states, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands (similar to many of the other countries where we do business), have passed laws regulating the actions that a business must take if it experiences a data breach, such as prompt disclosure to affected individuals, consumer reporting agencies, or governmental agencies. In addition, we are subject to laws in the U.S. and 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 abroad restricting or placing conditions on our ability to collect and utilize certain specific types of information, such as Social Security and driver s license numbers. 
 Many of the foreign jurisdictions where we or our customers do business, including the European Union (E.U.), have laws and regulations dealing with the processing of personal information, which in some cases are more restrictive than those in the United States. In addition to regulating the processing of personal information within the relevant jurisdictions, these legal requirements often also apply to the processing of personal information outside these jurisdictions, where there is some specified link to the relevant jurisdiction. For example, Flywire has multiple offices in Europe and serves clients and their customers throughout the E.U., where GDPR went into effect in 2018. The GDPR, which also is the law in Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein, and to a large degree the U.K., has an extensive global reach and imposes robust obligations relating to the processing of personal information, including documentation requirements, greater control for data subjects (e.g., the right to be forgotten and data portability), security requirements, notice requirements, restrictions on sharing personal information, data governance obligations, data breach notification requirements, and restrictions on the export of personal information to most other countries. Fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of a noncompliant corporate family, whichever is greater, could be imposed for violations of certain of the GDPR s requirements, and private claims also are possible. 
 Recent legal developments have created compliance uncertainty regarding some transfers of personal information from the U.K. and EEA to locations where we or our customers operate or conduct business, including the United States and potentially Singapore. Under the GDPR, such transfers can take place only if certain conditions apply or if certain data transfer mechanisms are in place. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the E.U. ruled in its Schrems II decision (C-311/18), that the Privacy Shield, a transfer mechanism used by thousands of companies to transfer data between those jurisdictions and the United States (and also used by Flywire), was invalid and could no longer be used due to the strength of United States surveillance laws. In September 2020, the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland (where the law has a similar restriction on the export of personal information) issued an opinion concluding that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework does not provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers from Switzerland to the United States pursuant to Switzerland s Federal Act on Data Protection. We and our customers continue to use alternative transfer strategies including the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) while the authorities interpret the Schrems II decision and the validity of alternative data transfer mechanisms. The SCCs, though previously approved by the European Commission, have faced challenges in European courts (including being called into question in the Schrems II decision), and may be further challenged, suspended or invalidated for transfers to some or all countries. For example, guidance regarding Schrems II issued by the European Data Protection Board (which is comprised of representatives from every E.U. member state s top data protection authority) have cast serious doubt on the validity of SCCs for most transfers of personal information to the United States. The Schrems II decision and related enforcement actions or other legal developments in this area could subject us to negative financial consequences, such as fines, penalties, loss of customers, and the need to engage in costly restructuring of our business and IT operations and restructuring of our relationships with service providers and other partners. 
 In Asia, there has been an increase in both regulation and enforcement of privacy laws. The Act on Protection of Personal Information originally enacted in June 2020 by the Japanese government, was amended and came into effect on April 1, 2022 (Amended APPI). Since the passage of the Amended APPI, a number of implementing regulations and supporting documents have been released, addressing the requirements for transferring personal data outside Japan, notifying security breaches and creating pseudonymous information exempt from certain obligations under the Amended APPI. 
 China passed its new Data Security Law (DSL) in June 2021 and its new Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) in August 2021. Both new laws impact every business operating in or doing business with China, coupling extensive obligations with respect to the processing of all types of data, with potentially significant penalties for noncompliance. With the promulgation of the DSL and PIPL, China has tightened up regulation on collection, processing, sharing and cross-border transfer of personal data and important data such as financial data. The new data security regime has an extraterritorial effect and imposes additional compliance obligations with respect to processing (in and outside China) of personal data of Chinese individuals and other data which may be viewed sensitive or important. These regulations apply not only to our client s payers who are Chinese nationals (such as students seeking to study abroad) but also China-based employees as well as third party business partners. 
 As a reaction to data security concerns, the Australian parliament recently approved a bill to amend the country's privacy legislation, significantly increasing the maximum penalties for companies and data controllers who suffer large-scale data breaches to the greater of: (i) AU 50 million, (ii) three times the value of any benefit obtained through the 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 misuse of information, and (iii) 30 of a company's adjusted turnover in the relevant period. Previously, the penalty for severe data exposures was AU 2.22 million, considered by the current parliament to be wholly inadequate to incentivize companies to improve their data security mechanisms. The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner will have new regulatory tools and flexibility that should, together with an ongoing focus on funding, see a more proactive regulator with capacity and capability to investigate and litigate more privacy incidents in Australia. 
 We have taken steps to address compliance obligations that apply to us under the Amended APPI, the DSL, the PIPL and Australian data security laws but cannot assure you that such steps will be effective, and we may face the risk of increased costs, liability and loss of business. 
 There are also regulations that require that access to websites be safe and accessible for people with disabilities. The ADA contains certain standards (most commonly referred to as Section 508 Standards) that apply to federal government websites as well as to websites that may be provided by institutions that are recipients of federal funding. Many of our clients (principally higher education clients in the U.S.) receive support from U.S. federal agencies, and require that our payment experience be accessible and conform to the Section 508 Standards and the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level AA. Our payment experience is ADA-compliant, and we arrange for third-party audits to ensure that we continually conform to these standards. As we modify our user interface to improve or add features and functionality to our payment experience, we must continue to account for ADA compliance when required. 
 Human Capital and Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,000 full-time FlyMates. We also engage part-time and temporary FlyMates, as well as consultants as needed to support our operations. As an organization, our culture is founded on our shared experiences, unique and diverse backgrounds, and belief in our mission to deliver on the most important and complex payments. Our leadership team defines our culture and strategy and collectively has decades of experience leading companies through rapid growth at scale. 
 None of our FlyMates are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our FlyMates to be good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional FlyMates. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected FlyMates, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 
 Our Values 
 At Flywire, we commit to encourage and reward behaviors that are consistent with our culture, which is founded on our shared experiences, unique and diverse backgrounds, and belief in our mission to deliver on the most important and complex payments. We seek to hold each other accountable when behaviors do not support the culture we aspire to. Our values include: 
 Global Collaboration. We believe in teamwork and that together we are greater than the sum of individual FlyMates, across experience, location and position. We seek to understand and embrace everyone s uniqueness, and leverage the power of our FlyMates and clients and their customers cultural differences and perspectives to create value. 

Authenticity. We value integrity, honesty, and kindness. We believe in staying true to oneself, being courageous enough to share your voice and humble enough to admit when you are wrong. Above all, we strive for sincerity and encourage both giving and receiving feedback. 

Fulfillment. We recognize that fulfillment comes from personal and professional satisfaction, from bringing our whole selves to work. It is understanding what ignites our individual passions and gets us excited, while being inclusive and knowing that this is different for everyone. We believe that by engaging with the wider community, giving back and contributing, our greater purpose is fulfilled. 

Execution. We aim to take calculated, sensible risks and make smart decisions quickly to accomplish our objectives. We are helpful and supportive of each other, yet we hold each other accountable to delivering with a sense of urgency in all that we do. 

25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ambitious Innovation. We continuously look for ways to deliver more and new value to our clients and their customers, partners and people. We are leaders not followers, curious and open-minded, and we recognize there is always room for improvement and strive for excellence and welcome new ideas. 

Evolved Learning. The importance of actively listening, questioning, challenging, and accepting is not lost on us. We are a learning organization, eager to expand as individuals, as teams and as a company. We live by the knowledge that there is no endpoint to learning, that there is always room for growth. 

We define our values by the virtues and behaviors that shape them, as these values guide us in all that we do: in hiring, performance, and day-to-day interactions with both FlyMates and our clients and their customers. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report 
 In December 2022, we released our inaugural ESG report, our first comprehensive summary of how we integrate social good initiatives into our business strategy. The report provides baseline metrics as well as a detailed overview of the core tenets of our ESG program, which are shaped by many defining principles - from social impact and community engagement, to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE I), and much more. Our ESG report is based on global best practices, and aligns with metrics set forth by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Boards (SASB) standards as well as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. 
 Our report details the company s investments across the following ESG disciplines, including: 
 Affordability and accessibility: Flywire s payments technology and software enables payers to set up payment plans, helping to make high-value transactions like medical bills and education expenses more accessible and affordable. 

Diversity, equity and inclusion: Flywire employees represent 40 nationalities and more than 35 spoken languages. Our Employee Resource Groups, including Flywire Pride, FlyBlack, Women of Flywire and Flywire Globals, are devoted to promoting our DE I mission. 

Career development and training: In 2022, FlyMates spent more than 2,900 hours on company-sponsored career development and training programs. These initiatives are available to all FlyMates, including part-time and contract employees. 

Social impact and community engagement: A cornerstone of Flywire s social impact and community engagement efforts is The Flywire Charitable Foundation, which has tripled in size since its inception in 2020. 

Data privacy, security and compliance: Flywire s dedicated compliance and risk management function, overseen by our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Information Security Officer with Board-level oversight, has been built over more than a decade, providing payers and clients confidence in our solutions. 

Governance and ethics: Flywire is committed to ethical and compliant business practices and good corporate governance for the long-term success of our company and stakeholders. We have a Code of Conduct that is actively enforced and mandatory training across a spectrum of important topics, ranging from anti-money laundering to sexual harassment to information security best practices. 

Environmental sustainability: Flywire conducted our first greenhouse gas emissions audit, over our own operations and our most significant value-chain emissions with a vision to reduce our carbon-intensive activities and improve overall energy efficiencies. Our baseline inventory includes Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions from purchased electricity, purchased goods and services (cloud services only), business travel and employee commuting and telework. 

In the past year, we have reinforced our commitment to ESG by: 
 Codifying ESG as a strategic priority and establishing new management and oversight of ESG priorities. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Flywire s Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of company ESG initiatives, supported by Co-Executive Sponsors and a cross-functional task force of employees that comprise the ESG disclosure committee. 

Establishing a Center of Expertise for Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I) to better serve our diverse, global community of FlyMates where they live and work, and to deliver inclusive and compelling experiences that engage and care for FlyMates. 

26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Enhancing our career development and skills training policies by offering new programs focused on enriching FlyMates careers and growing them both personally and professionally. 

Maximizing our social impact initiatives both through the third annual scholarship program administered by The Flywire Charitable Foundation , and through purposeful philanthropy to non-profit organizations around the world. 

Corporate Information 
 We were initially formed in July 2009 as peerTransfer Corporation, a Delaware corporation. We changed our name to Flywire Corporation in December 2016. Our principal executive offices are located at 141 Tremont St., #10, Boston, MA 02111. Our telephone number is (617) 329-4524. Our internet address is www.flywire.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only. 
 Flywire, the Flywire logo, and other registered or common law trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Flywire appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Flywire. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of ours and of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us, by these other companies. Other trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the right of the applicable licensor, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge, on our website (www.flywire.com), our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Investors, the media, and others should note that we intend to announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, the investor relations page on our website (https://ir.flywire.com), blog posts on our website, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media channels, including our Twitter feed (@flywire) and LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/flywire). 
 The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. The contents of the websites provided above are not incorporated into this filing or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. These website addresses are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 It em 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock, you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, liquidity, operating results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The summary of risks below is intended to provide an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the more fulsome risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

We have a short operating history at our current scale in a rapidly evolving industry. 

We may experience quarterly fluctuations in operating results. 

We may be unable to retain our current clients, attract new clients, and increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions or sell additional functionality to our clients. 

Efforts to attract new clients may be unsuccessful. 

We may be unable to expand our direct and channel sales capabilities, grow our marketing reach and increase sales productivity. 

We expect our revenue mix to vary over time, which could affect our gross profit, gross margin and results of operations. 

Our business could be adversely affected if our clients and their customers are not satisfied with the timing or quality of implementation services provided by us or our partners. 

Our financial and operating results are subject to seasonality and cyclicality. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

Certain of our key performance indicators are subject to inherent challenges in measurement. 

Our business depends, in large part, on our proprietary network of global, regional, and local banking partners and our relationships with other third parties. 

Our markets are highly competitive. 

The estimates of market opportunity and our ability to capture a meaningful share of this payment volume may prove to be inaccurate. 

Our education business may be adversely affected by decreases in enrollment or tuition, or increased operating expenses for our clients. 

The healthcare industry is rapidly evolving. 

28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our travel business may be sensitive to events affecting the travel industry in general. 

We may be unable to enter or expand into new verticals, including our relatively new B2B payment vertical. 

There could be consolidation in the payment processing or enablement industry. 

We may be adversely impacted by worldwide global economic and political instability. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our growing client base. 

We enable the transfer of large sums of funds to our clients daily and are subject to the risk of errors. 

We may be unable to maintain or expand our ability to offer a variety of local and international payments. 

Improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to personal or sensitive data could harm our reputation. 

We may fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, and changing business needs, requirements, or preferences. 

Changes to payment card networks fees or rules could harm our business. 

If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 

Risks Related to Our Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Landscape 
 Payments and other financial services-related regulations and oversight are material to our business. 

We are subject to governmental laws and requirements regarding economic and trade sanctions, AML, CFT and those applicable to a MSB. 

We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly those related to privacy, data protection, information security, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and similar laws. 

Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 We may fail to develop and maintain proper effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Estimates relating to our critical accounting policies may prove to be incorrect. 

We will continue to incur increased costs as a public company. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our intellectual property on unfavorable terms. 

Securities and industry analysts may not publish or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We were incorporated in 2009 and have experienced net losses from our operations since inception. We generated net losses of 39.3 million, 28.1 million and 11.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 165.2 million. We have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods and we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 enough volume of revenue to sustain or increase our growth or achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we intend to continue to expend significant funds to further develop our solutions, including introducing new functionality, and to expand our marketing programs and sales teams to drive new client adoption, expand strategic partner integrations, and support international and industry expansion. Our operating results are also impacted by the mix of our revenue generated from our different revenue sources, which include transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue. Changes in our revenue mix from quarter to quarter, including those derived from cross-border or domestic currency transactions, will impact our margins, and we may not be able to grow our revenue margin adequately to achieve or sustain profitability. In addition, the mix of payment methods utilized by our clients customers may have an impact on our margins given that our costs associated with certain payment methods, such as credit cards, are higher than other payment methods accepted by our solutions, such as bank transfers. Due to the cross-border nature of much of our business, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, slowdowns in international mobility and other regional considerations may affect our operating results. We will also face increased compliance and security costs associated with growth, the expansion of our client base, and being a public company, including our transition to a large accelerated filer status as of December 31, 2022. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for several reasons, including the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the value of our business and common stock may significantly decrease. 
 If the assumptions we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. Our revenue from any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as an indication of our future revenue or revenue growth or growth in volume of payments processed. 
 In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial management time, financial and other resources on: 
 sales, marketing, relationship management and client support, including an expansion of our sales organization, and new client support and payer retention initiatives; 

our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance, and security; 

our technology development, including investments in our technology development team and the development of new solutions and new functionality; 

expanding into more international markets; 

attracting new clients and increasing the number of our clients customers that use our solutions; 

acquisitions or strategic investments; 

regulatory compliance and risk management; and 

general administration, including increased insurance, legal and accounting expenses associated with being a public company. 

These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and operating results will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. 
 We have a short operating history at our current scale in a rapidly evolving industry and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 
 We have a short history operating at our current scale in a rapidly evolving industry that may not develop in a manner favorable to our business. This relatively short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future performance with certainty. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter. 
 Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to, among other things: 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 cost-effectively acquire new clients and retain existing clients; 

increase our market share; 

avoid pricing pressure on our solutions which would compress our margins; 

effectively market our solutions; 

enhance our existing solutions and develop new solutions; 

increase awareness of our brand and maintain our reputation; 

our ability to offer seamless experience for our clients and their customers, including all user facing attributes ranging from the user interface to client and customer support; 

anticipate and respond to microeconomic and macroeconomic changes; 

expand our solutions and geographic reach, including with respect to B2B and travel payments; 

anticipate and effectively respond to changing trends and the preferences of clients and their customers; 

compete effectively; 

avoid interruptions in our business from information technology (IT) downtime, cybersecurity breaches, or labor stoppages; 

effectively manage our growth; 

effectively manage foreign currency exchange risk; 

hire, integrate, and retain talented people at all levels of our organization; 

maintain the quality of our technology infrastructure; 

compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including with respect to employment, tax, competition, COVID-19 and ESG matters; 

global pandemics, such as COVID-19, or other public health emergencies; 

retain our existing proprietary global network of banking and other payment partners and add new banking and other payment partners to scale our business; and 

retain our existing technology partners that allow us to provide alternative payment methods and add new technology partners to scale our business. 

If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this section titled Risk Factors , our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to retain our current clients, attract new clients and increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions or sell additional functionality to our clients, our revenue growth and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 To increase our revenue, in addition to acquiring new clients, we must continue to retain existing clients, increase the volume of payments made by our clients customers and sell additional functionality to our clients. We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenue from the renewal of existing clients contracts and sales of additional features and solutions to existing clients. As the market for our solutions matures, solutions evolve, and competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated products or services that are perceived to compete with our solutions, our ability to attract (and our clients ability to attract) new customers and maintain our current client base and clients customer usage could be hindered. As a result, we may be unable to retain existing clients or increase the usage of our solutions by them or their 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 customers, which would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, gross profit, gross margins, and other operating results, and accordingly, on the trading price of our common stock. 
 As the market for our solutions matures, or as new or existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with our solutions, we may experience pricing pressure. This competition and pricing pressure could have an adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new clients at prices that are consistent with our pricing model, operating budget and expected operating margins. In particular, it has become more common in the education sector for competitors to offer generous revenue sharing arrangements for clients we target. Our business could be adversely affected if clients or their customers perceive that features incorporated into alternative products reduce the need for our solutions or if they prefer to use competitive services. If we are unable to attract new clients and increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions, our revenue growth and operating results will be adversely affected. Further, in an effort to attract new clients and increase usage by their customers, we may need to offer simpler, lower-priced payment options, which may reduce our revenue. 
 Our ability to sell additional functionality to our existing clients may require more sophisticated and costly sales efforts, especially for our larger clients with more senior management and established accounts receivable solutions. Similarly, the rate at which our clients deploy additional solutions from us depends on several factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of client technical personnel to implement our solutions, and the pricing of additional functionality. If our efforts to sell additional functionality to our clients are not successful, our business and growth prospects would suffer. 
 Contracts with our clients generally have a stated initial term of three years, are not subject to termination for convenience and automatically renew for one-year subsequent terms. Our clients may negotiate terms less advantageous to us upon renewal, which may reduce our revenue. If our clients fail to renew their contracts, renew their contracts upon terms less favorable to us or at lower fee levels or fail to purchase new solutions from us, our revenue may decline or our future revenue growth may be constrained. Should any of our clients terminate their relationship with us after implementation has begun, we would not only lose our time, effort and resources invested in such implementation, but we would also have lost the opportunity to leverage those resources to build a relationship with other clients over that same period of time. 
 We may experience quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, as well as our key metrics, due to a number of factors which make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. 
 Our operating results, and key metrics, may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Our past results should not be relied on as an indication of our future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts or below any guidance we may provide to the market, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 Our operating results have varied in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. In addition to other risk factors listed in this section titled Risk Factors , factors that may affect our quarterly operating results, business and financial condition include the following: 
 demand for our solutions and the number, volume and timing of payments processed; 

timing of tuition payments; 

market acceptance of our current and future solutions; 

our revenue mix in a particular quarter; 

the mix of payment methods and currencies utilized by our clients customers in a particular quarter; 

a slowdown in spending on IT and software by our current and/or prospective clients; 

sales cycles and performance of our direct and indirect sales force; 

budgeting and implementation cycles of our current or potential clients; 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

the management, performance and expansion of our domestic and international operations; 

the rate of renewals of contracts with our clients; 

changes in the competitive dynamics of our markets; 

our ability to control and predict costs, including our operating expenses; 

clients delaying purchasing decisions, including in anticipation of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

the seasonality of our business; 

failure to successfully manage or integrate any acquisitions, including our acquisitions of Simplee, WPM and Cohort Go; 

the outcome or publicity surrounding any pending or threatened lawsuits; 

general economic and political conditions in our domestic and international markets, including inflation and fluctuations in supply chains; 

changes in the level of scrutiny applied by regulators and investors on our ESG program; 

unexpected events, including those resulting from climate change or geopolitical events; 

expected or actual extended federal government shutdowns, partisan gridlock that results in the inability of Congress to take action or changes to government, which among other things could impact visa issuances and educational financial aid payments; and 

global pandemics, such as COVID-19, or other public health emergencies and the responses thereto. 

In addition, we may in the future experience fluctuations in our gross and operating margins due to changes in the mix of our domestic and international payments and the mix of payment methods, including an increase in the use of credit cards, and currencies used by our clients customers to make payments. 
 Based upon the factors described above and those described elsewhere in this section titled Risk Factors , we have a limited ability to forecast the amount and mix of future revenues and expenses, which may cause our operating results to fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 
 We expect our revenue mix to vary over time, which could affect our gross profit, gross margin and results of operations. 
 We expect our revenue mix to vary over time due to a number of factors. Shifts in our business mix from quarter to quarter could produce substantial variation in revenue recognized. Further, our gross profit, gross margins and results of operations could be affected by changes in revenue mix and costs, together with numerous other factors, including payment methods and currencies, pricing pressure from competitors, increases in credit card usage on our solutions and associated network fees, changes in payment volume across verticals and the portion of such payment volume for which we perform foreign exchange. Any one of these factors or the cumulative effects of certain of these factors may result in significant fluctuations in our gross profit, gross margin and results of operations. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet internal expectations or those of securities analysts or investors for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 If our efforts to attract new clients and increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions are unsuccessful, our revenue growth and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our future growth and profitability will depend in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our efforts to attract new clients and increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions. While we intend to dedicate resources to attracting new clients and increasing the number of our clients customers that use our solutions, our ability 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 to do so depends in large part on the success of these efforts and the success of the marketing channels we use to promote our solutions. Our marketing channels include search engine optimization, search engine marketing, account-based direct marketing campaigns, industry events and association marketing relationships. If any of our current marketing channels become less effective, if we are unable to continue to use any of these channels, if the cost of using these channels were to significantly increase or if we are not successful in generating new channels, we may not be able to attract new clients in a cost-effective manner or increase the number of our clients customers that use our solutions. If we are unable to recover our marketing costs through increases in the number of clients and in the number of our clients customers that use our solutions, or if we discontinue our marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to expand our direct and channel sales capabilities, grow our marketing reach and increase sales productivity, we may not be able to generate increased revenues. 
 We believe that our future growth will depend on the continued development of our direct sales force and its ability to obtain new clients and to manage our existing client base. Our ability to increase our client base and achieve broader market acceptance of our solutions will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing organizations, and to deploy our sales and marketing resources efficiently. We intend to continue to increase our number of direct sales professionals and to expand our relationships with new strategic channel partners. These efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. New hires require training and take time to achieve full productivity. Similarly, new channel partnerships often take time to develop and may never yield results, as they require new partners to understand the services and solutions we offer, and how to position our value within the market. We cannot be certain that recent and future new hires or partner relationships will become as productive as necessary or that we will be able to hire enough qualified individuals or build effective channel sales in the future. If we are unable to hire, develop, integrate, and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels, or if our sales, channel strategy and marketing programs and advertising are not effective, we may not be able to expand our business and grow our revenue, which may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business could be adversely affected if our clients or their customers are not satisfied with the timing or quality of implementation services provided by us or our partners. 
 Our business depends on our ability to satisfy our clients and their customers with respect to our solutions as well as the services that are performed to help our clients and their customers use the features and functions of our solutions. Services are usually performed by us, and are also on occasion provided together with a third-party partner. If our clients or their customers are not satisfied with the functionality of our solutions or the services that we or a third-party partner provide, such dissatisfaction could damage our ability to retain our current clients or expand our clients or their customers use of our solutions. In addition, any negative publicity and reviews that we may receive which is related to our client relationships may further damage our business and may invite enhanced regulatory scrutiny at the federal and state level in the United States as well as internationally. 
 Our financial and operating results are subject to seasonality and cyclicality. 
 Our financial and operating results are subject to seasonal trends. For example, the volume of education tuition processed typically increases in the northern hemisphere during the summer and early fall months, as well as at year end, as students and their families seek to pay tuition costs for the fall semester, the spring semester, or the entire academic year, respectively. We expect this seasonality of education tuition processing to continue and expect it to impact the amount of processing fees that we earn and the level of expenses we incur to generate tuition payment volume and process the higher volume activity in a particular fiscal quarter. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we initially observed an increasing trend of education institutions delaying tuition invoicing or extending dates for payment due to uncertainties in the academic calendar, on-campus classes or remote learning planning, as well as relief being offered to families experiencing financial challenges. However, with the increase in availability of vaccines, educational institutions have, for the most part, returned to their normal billing cycles and payment due dates. Many higher education institutions are mandating full vaccination to promote normal operations and allowing students from abroad to return to their facilities. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 A majority of the total payment volume we have historically processed is cross-border payments denominated in many foreign currencies, which subjects us to foreign currency risk. The strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar versus these foreign currencies impacts the translation of our net revenues generated in these foreign currencies into the 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 U.S. dollar. For example, for 2022, as the U.S. Dollar strengthened against several currencies, including the British Pound, these foreign exchange impacts reduced our reported revenue in U.S. dollars by over 14.2 million compared to 2021 on a constant currency basis. In connection with providing our solutions in multiple currencies, we may face financial exposure if we are unable to implement appropriate hedging strategies, negotiate beneficial foreign exchange rates, or as a result of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the times that we set them. We also have foreign exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. We also incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies, including the recent depreciation of the Russian ruble, could result in the dollar equivalent of our expenses being higher which may not be offset by additional revenue earned in the local currency. This could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. 
 Periods of instability in the Eurozone, including fears of sovereign debt defaults, and stagnant growth generally, and of certain Eurozone member states in particular, have resulted in concerns regarding the suitability of a shared currency for the region, which could lead to the reintroduction of individual currencies for member states. If this were to occur, Euro-denominated assets and liabilities would be re-denominated to such individual currencies, which could result in a mismatch in the values of assets and liabilities and expose us to additional currency risks. 
 As our international operations continue to grow, our risks associated with fluctuation in currency rates will become greater, and we will continue to reassess our approach to managing this risk, such as using foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our use of such hedging practices may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates. In addition, currency fluctuations or a weakening U.S. dollar can increase the costs of our international operations, and the strengthening U.S. dollar could slow international demand as solutions priced in the U.S. dollar become more expensive. 
 Certain of our key performance indicators are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We track certain key performance indicators, including metrics such as total payment volume, revenue less ancillary services, adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBITDA, with internal systems and tools and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our key performance indicators, including the metrics we publicly disclose, or our estimates. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics across our growing client base. If our key performance indicators are not accurate representations of our business, or if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends, in large part, on our proprietary network of global, regional and local banking partners. 
 To grow our business, we will need to maintain and expand our network of global, regional and local banking partners. Our proprietary network of strategic relationships with global, regional and local banking partners is a material asset to our business, which took more than a decade to build. Establishing our strategic partner relationships, particularly with our banking partners entails extensive and highly specific efforts, with little predictability and various ancillary requirements. These partners and suppliers have contractual and regulatory requirements and conditions that we must satisfy and continue to comply with in order to continue and grow the relationships. For example, our financial institution partners generally require us to submit to an exhaustive security audit including adherence to AML policies and KYC procedures. If we are not able to comply with those obligations or if our agreements with our banking partners or our network partners are terminated for any reason, we could experience service interruptions as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new services, potentially interfering with our existing client relationships or making us less attractive to potential new clients. 
 We may not be able to attract new network partners to our existing network of global, regional and local banking partners, which could adversely affect our ability to expand to additional countries and territories and transact in additional currencies. In addition, our potential partners may choose to work with our competitors or choose to compete with our solutions directly, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results. Further, many of our network partners have greater resources than we do and could choose to develop their own solutions to 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 replace or compete with ours. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, growing, or maintaining our relationships with network partners, our ability to compete or to grow our revenue could be impaired, and our results of operations may suffer. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with other (non-banking) third parties. 
 We have established relationships with a number of other companies, including financial institutions, processors, other financial services suppliers, channel sales partners, providers of electronic health records (EHR) services, implementation partners, technology and cloud-based hosting providers, and others. In order to grow our business, we will need to continue to establish and maintain relationships with these types of third parties, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them requires significant time and resources. Our competitors may be more effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results could suffer. Even if our strategic relationships are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased client usage of our solutions or increased revenues. 
 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for payments solutions is fragmented, competitive, and constantly evolving. Our competitors range from legacy payment methods, such as traditional bank wires, to integrated payment providers that focus on cross-border payments. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment will remain intense going forward. Our competitors that offer legacy payment methods or integrated cross-border payment platforms may develop products that compete with ours. Financial institutions that choose to enter into and compete in our market may have the operating flexibility to bundle competing solutions with other offerings, including offering them at a lower price or for no additional cost to clients as part of a larger sale. In addition, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships, or strategic relationships. Many of our domestic and foreign competitors have greater resources, experience or more developed customer relationships than we do. For example, foreign competitors may seek to leverage local or common language relationships to cater to potential customers of our clients. There are new market entrants with innovative revenue sharing and other pricing arrangements that are able to attract customers that we compete to serve. Our competitors vary in size, breadth, and scope of the solutions offered. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established client relationships, larger marketing budgets, and greater resources than us. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and client requirements. For example, an existing competitor or new entrant could introduce new technology that reduces demand for our solutions. 
 For these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, and this competition could result in the failure of our solutions to continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance, any of which would harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and our ability to capture a meaningful share of this payment volume may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Our market opportunity estimates, including those we have generated ourselves and our ability to capture a meaningful share of this payment volume, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any payment volumes covered by our market opportunity estimates will materialize in clients using our solutions as anticipated or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our business and those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasted, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. 
 Our clients in the education sector may be adversely affected by decreases in enrollment, pressure on tuition costs, or increased operating expenses, which may reduce demand for our solutions. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are reliant on our education clients, including colleges, universities and other education-related organizations that include language schools, boarding schools, summer programs, and others, to drive enrollment at their schools and maintain tuition costs. Factors outside of our control will affect enrollments and tuition costs, including the following: 
 Reduced enrollment in higher education due to lack of funding, increases to cost of attendance or other inflationary pressure. Significant reductions in student funding, through grants or loans, may reduce enrollments and decrease the payment volume we process. Potential students may also be deterred by increases in the cost of attendance. 

Government supported institutions may experience losses or reduction in public funding. Many of our clients rely considerably upon public funding or support, which may not always be available due to budget constraints. 

Changing perceptions about in-person classes. Students may reject the opportunity to attend courses in person, when online or virtual classes are offered as an option, due to growing familiarity and perceived convenience of remote learning, the COVID-19 pandemic or a lower price point for online classes. 

Our clients rankings, reputation and marketing efforts strongly affect enrollments, none of which we control. If we fail to maintain or add clients with strong, stable reputations and rankings, they will fail to achieve consistent enrollments. 

Declines in international student enrollment. The COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence of variants and sub-variants, the ongoing COVID-19 mobility restrictions imposed by health authorities, and restrictions on immigration or the award of student visas can negatively impact the cross-border education industry, and schools that rely on foreign student populations, will be negatively affected or may cease operations. 

General economic conditions. Any contraction in the economy could be expected to reduce enrollment in higher education, whether by reducing funding, reducing corporate allowances for continuing education, general reductions in employment or savings or other factors. 

International cross-border transaction revenue represents a significant part of our revenue; international regulations and restrictions that inhibit cross-border travel and relocation of international students, as well as ongoing political friction between China and the U.S. that have slowed the growth of Chinese students studying in the U.S. and may have resulted in changes in Chinese student education destinations, have had and may continue to have an impact on our revenue growth. 
 In addition, some clients customers may find that higher education is an unnecessary investment during uncertain economic times and defer enrollment in educational institutions until the economy grows at a stronger pace, or they may turn to less costly forms of secondary education, thus decreasing our education payment volumes. A significant decrease in the payment volume and resulting revenue from clients and their customers in this market, which represents, and is expected to continue to represent for the foreseeable future, a majority of our total payment volume and revenue, would have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The healthcare industry is rapidly evolving and the market for technology-enabled payment services that empower healthcare clients and their customers is relatively immature and unproven. If we are not successful in promoting the benefits of our solutions, our growth may be limited. 
 The market for our payment solutions is subject to rapid and significant changes. The market for technology-enabled payment services that empower healthcare clients and their customers is characterized by rapid technological change, new product and service introductions, increasing patient financial responsibility, consumerism and engagement, the ongoing shift to value-based care and reimbursement models, and the entrance of non-traditional competitors. In addition, there may be a limited-time opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant share of this market due in part to the rapidly evolving nature of the healthcare and technology industries and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors. The market for technology-enabled payment services that empower healthcare clients and their customers is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether this market will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market adoption. 
 In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects to compete with these new market entrants by developing new solutions, growing our client base and penetrating new markets. Some of these projects include the expansion of our integration capabilities and the expansion of our mobile solutions. These projects carry risks, such as cost overruns, delays in delivery, performance problems and lack of acceptance by our clients. Our 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 integration partners may also decide to develop and offer their own patient engagement solutions that are similar to our solutions. 
 Our success depends on providing high-quality payment solutions that healthcare clients use to improve their financial and operational performance, allowing them to collect payments and enhance their revenue lifecycle management objectives. If we cannot adapt to rapidly evolving industry standards and technology and increasingly sophisticated and varied healthcare client and customer payment needs, our existing technology could become undesirable, obsolete or harm our reputation. We must continue to invest significant resources in our personnel and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner in order to enhance our existing solutions and introduce new high-quality solutions that existing clients and potential new clients will want. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our existing clients or potential new clients, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity, are not effectively brought to market or significantly increase our operating costs. If our new or modified product and service innovations are not responsive to the preferences of healthcare clients and their customers, emerging industry standards or regulatory changes, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market, we may lose existing clients or be unable to obtain new clients and our results of operations may suffer. 
 We believe demand for our payment solutions in the healthcare industry has been driven in large part by more patient responsibility for out-of-pocket spend, a trend towards higher deductibles for health care services, increased digitization in payments, and the tailoring of payment offers and increased patient engagement. Our success also depends to a substantial extent on the ability of our solutions to increase the volume of our clients customers payments, and our ability to demonstrate the value of our solutions to our clients. If our existing clients do not recognize or acknowledge the benefits of our solutions or our solutions do not drive payment volume, then the market for our solutions might not develop at all, or it might develop more slowly than we expect, either of which could adversely affect our operating results. A significant decrease in the payment volume and resulting revenue from our clients and their customers in the healthcare industry, which represents, and is expected to continue to represent for the foreseeable future, our second largest vertical by total payment volume and revenue, may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, we have limited insight into trends that might develop and affect our healthcare business. We might make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business, legal and regulatory trends and healthcare reform, which could harm our business. If any of these events occur, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Finally, our competitors, including major EHR providers, may have the ability to devote more financial and operational resources than we can to developing new technologies and services, including services that provide improved operating functionality, and adding features to their existing service offerings. Relationships with companies in the EHR space and business focused on revenue lifecycle management are critical to leverage if we are to add to our healthcare customer portfolio. Many of these companies may offer products and services similar to ours and may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, stronger and more dependent client relationships, larger marketing budgets, and greater resources than us. If successful, their development efforts could render our solutions less desirable, resulting in the loss of our existing clients or a reduction in the fees we generate from our solutions. 
 Our business serving clients in the travel sector may be sensitive to events affecting the travel industry in general. 
 Events like regional or larger scale conflicts, war or other military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorist attacks, mass shooting incidents, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, droughts, floods and volcanic activity, including events resulting from climate change, and travel-related health events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have a negative impact on the travel industry and affect travelers behavior by limiting their ability or willingness to visit certain locations. In addition, the travel industry can be negatively impacted by adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally, including economic slowdown and inflation. We are not in a position to evaluate the net effect of these circumstances on our business as these events are largely unpredictable; however, we believe there has been negative impact to our business due to such events. Furthermore, in the longer term, our business might be negatively affected by financial pressures on or changes to the travel industry. For example, certain jurisdictions, particularly in Europe, are considering regulations intended to address the issue of overtourism including by restricting access to city centers or popular tourist destinations or limiting accommodation offerings in surrounding areas, such as by restricting construction of new hotels or the renting of homes or apartments. Such regulations could adversely affect travel and the volume of travel related payments that we process for our clients. The United States has implemented or 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 proposed, or is considering, various travel restrictions and actions that could affect U.S. trade policy or practices, which could also adversely affect travel to or from the United States. If such events result in a long-term negative impact on the travel industry, such impact could have a material adverse effect on our business. The payment volume and resulting revenue from our travel vertical represents less than 10 of our total payment volume and revenue. Because we seek to grow the payment volume and the revenue from this vertical in the future, failure to grow our payment volume and resulting revenue from this industry, may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. (Brexit), including uncertainty, delays or practical difficulties in the implementation of Brexit, could continue to lead to economic uncertainty, sluggish growth or economic retraction, and have a negative impact on the travel industry and our European business. The U.K. could lose access to the single E.U. market, travel between the U.K. and E.U. countries could be restricted, and we could face new regulatory costs and challenges, the scope of which is presently unknown. 
 With respect to the COVID-19 pandemic specifically, our 2020 financial results related to serving our existing travel clients and growing our client base in the travel sector were negatively impacted. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we witnessed recoveries in our financial results and growth in revenue and payment volumes in our travel payment vertical. While improvements have been noted, we are still experiencing impacts to our travel clients. We expect the continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence and spread of variants or sub-variants of COVID-19, may continue to negatively impact our business throughout 2023, but the extent and duration of such impact in the long term is largely uncertain as it is dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, including, but not limited to, the emergence of variants and sub-variants, international regulations and restrictions that inhibit cross-border travel, global availability of vaccines and administration of vaccination, the rate of herd immunity , and the impact of these and other factors on travel behavior. Our clients and their customers who are affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may continue to demonstrate changed behavior even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided. 
 If we are unable to enter or expand new client verticals, including our relatively new B2B payment vertical, or if our solutions for any new vertical fail to achieve market acceptance, our operating results could be adversely affected and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy. 
 Our growth strategy is influenced, in part, on our ability to expand into new client verticals, including our relatively new B2B payment vertical. The B2B payment vertical represents a relatively new market for us, and we have limited prior experience with the key ERP platforms that are critical to the B2B payment vertical. Accordingly, our lack of experience in the B2B payment vertical and with the key ERP platforms may result in operational difficulties, which could cause a delay or failure to integrate and realize the benefits of entering into this vertical. In addition, B2B payments carry a higher risk profile than education or healthcare receivables, and we will be required to devote more resources to manage the increased risk inherent in these payments. Banking and other payment services partners may be more reluctant to support B2B payment flows, and countries with currency controls are less likely to permit payments of a B2B nature. The payment volume and resulting revenue from our B2B payment vertical represents, and is expected for the foreseeable future to represent, less than 10 of our total payment volume and revenue. We expect both the payment volume and the revenue from this vertical to grow over time. As such, failure to grow our payment volume and resulting revenue from our B2B payment vertical may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may be unable to identify new verticals that meet our criteria for selecting industries that our solutions are ideally suited to address. In addition, our market validation process may not support entry into selected verticals due to our perception of the overall market opportunity or of the willingness of market participants within those verticals to adopt our solutions. 
 Even if we choose to enter new verticals, our market validation process does not guarantee our success. We may be unable to tailor our solutions for a new vertical or, in the event that we enter a new vertical by way of a strategic acquisition, we may be unable to leverage the acquired platform in time to take advantage of the identified market opportunity, and any delay in our time-to-market could expose us to additional competition or other factors that could impede our success. In addition, any solution we develop or acquire for a new vertical may not provide the functionality required by potential clients or their customers and, as a result, may not achieve widespread market acceptance within the new vertical. To the extent we choose to enter new verticals, whether organically or via strategic acquisition, we may 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 invest significant resources to develop and expand the functionality of our solutions to meet the needs of customers in those verticals, which investments will occur in advance of our realization of revenue from them. 
 Consolidation in the payment processing or enablement industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many payment processing or enablement industry participants are consolidating to create larger and more integrated financial processing systems with greater market power. We expect regulatory and economic conditions to result in additional consolidation in the healthcare industry in the future. As consolidation accelerates, the economies of scale of our clients organizations may grow. If a client experiences sizable growth following consolidation, it may determine that it no longer needs to rely on us and may reduce its demand for our solutions. In addition, as payment processing providers consolidate to create larger and more integrated systems with greater market power, these providers may try to use their market power to negotiate fee reductions for our solutions. Finally, consolidation may also result in the acquisition or future development by our clients of products and services that compete with our solutions. Any of these potential results of consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by global economic and political instability. 
 As we seek to continue to expand our business, our overall performance will depend in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. Economies domestically and internationally have been affected from time to time by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, employment pressures in services sectors, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and outbreaks of variants of COVID-19, as well as war, terrorist activity, political or social unrest, civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty, including the effects of ongoing United States-China diplomatic and trade friction and social unrest in China, and the resulting impact on business continuity and travel, supply chain disruptions, inflation, security issues, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy, including with respect to tariff and trade issues. To the extent that inflationary pressures and other global factors lead to an economic recession, demand for our solutions, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 For example, on February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine, and continued conflict and disruption in the region is likely. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage. 
 We are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine and assessing its impact on our business, but to date have not experienced any material impact. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the conflict in Ukraine or its impacts in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus as the conflict, and any resulting government reactions, are rapidly developing and beyond our control. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have a substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. As the adverse effects of this conflict continue to develop and potentially spread, both in Europe and through the rest of the world, our customers, and customer behavior, may be negatively impacted, which could negatively affect sales and sales cycles and overall demand for our solutions. Further or prolonged impacts on the global economy could also cause businesses to curtail business expenses, which could hinder our ability to attract new clients or result in a decrease in payment volume. It is not possible to predict the ultimate broader consequences of this conflict and any of the abovementioned factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly to the extent the conflict escalates to involve additional countries, further economic sanctions and wider military conflict. Any such disruptions could also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, political instability or adverse political developments and new or continued economic deterioration, including as a result of the withdrawal by many global central banks of stimulus measures deployed during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic, in any of the countries in which we operate could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 More recently, inflation rates in the United States have increased to levels not seen in several years, which may result in decreased demand for our solutions, increases in our operating costs including our labor costs, constrained credit and liquidity, and volatility in financial markets. The United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns over inflation risk. There continues to be uncertainty in the changing market and 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 economic conditions, including the possibility of additional measures that could be taken by the Federal Reserve and other government agencies, related to the COVID-19 pandemic and concerns over inflation risk. A sharp rise in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the fair market value of securities we may invest in as part of our portfolio investments, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our growing client base, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 
 As usage of our solutions grows and we sign additional clients and technology partners, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure and global payments network and integrating with third-party applications to maintain the performance of our solutions. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems, including client support, our 24x7 multilingual support to clients customers and risk and compliance operations, to serve our growing client base. 
 Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in interruptions to our solutions, impaired system performance, and reduced client satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to clients, lower renewal rates by existing clients, the issuance of service credits, or requested refunds, all of which could hurt our revenue growth. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our solutions to clients and their customers and could result in lost client opportunities and lower renewal rates, any of which could hurt our revenue growth, client loyalty, and our reputation. Even if we are successful in these efforts to scale our business, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We enable the transfer of large sums of funds to our clients daily, and are subject to the risk of errors, which could result in financial losses, damage to our reputation, or loss of trust in our brand, which would harm our business and financial results. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we processed over 18.1 billion in payments on our solutions, compared to over 13.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, and approximately 7.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020. We have grown rapidly and seek to continue to grow, and our business is subject to the risk of financial losses as a result of chargebacks for client-related losses, credit losses, operational errors, software defects, service disruption, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors in our solutions. As a provider of accounts receivable and other payment solutions, we enable the transfer of funds to our clients from their customers. Software errors in our solutions and operational errors by our FlyMates and business partners may also expose us to losses. In our business model, subject to certain exceptions, we function as a merchant of record in connection with the receipt of payments by our clients customers, which subjects us to chargeback risk in the event a client s customer cancels or otherwise does not receive the services for which such customer paid. Although our client contracts allow us to pass such chargeback risk to our client, if the client has gone out of business, we may be unable to collect on the chargeback and will bear the economic loss, which will negatively impact our business. 
 Moreover, our trustworthiness and reputation are fundamental to our business. As a global payments enablement and software company, the occurrence of any credit losses, operational errors, software defects, service disruption, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors in our solutions could result in financial losses to our business and our clients, loss of trust, damage to our reputation, or termination of our agreements with strategic partners, each of which could result in: 
 loss of clients or a reduction in use of our solutions by our clients customers; 

lost or delayed market acceptance and acquisition of new clients; 

legal claims against us; 

regulatory enforcement action; or 

diversion of our resources, including through increased service expenses or financial concessions, and increased insurance costs. 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 There can be no assurance that the insurance we maintain to cover losses resulting from our errors and omissions will cover all losses or our coverage will be sufficient to cover our losses. If we suffer significant losses or reputational harm as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to maintain or expand our ability to offer a variety of local and international payment methods for our clients to make available to their customers, or if we fail to continue to grow and develop preferred payment choices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 The continued growth and development of our proprietary global payments network will also depend on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in client and customer behavior. For example, behavior may change regarding the use of credit and debit card transactions, including the relative increased use of cash, crypto-currencies, other emerging or alternative payment methods and credit card systems that may include strong regional preferences that we or our processing partners do not adequately support. Any failure to timely integrate emerging payment methods into our solutions, anticipate behavior changes, or contract with payment processing partners that support such emerging payment technologies could cause our clients to use our solutions less, resulting in a corresponding loss of revenue, in the event such methods become popular among their customers. 
 The number and variety of the payment methods we offer or currencies we are able to service may not meet client expectations, or the costs borne by our clients customers in completing payments may become unsuitable. Accordingly, we may need to change our pricing strategies or reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross profit, and operating results. 
 We utilize a number of payment providers to clear and settle transactions for our clients, including payments providers such as China UnionPay Co. Ltd. and Adyen N.V. If the services provided by these partners become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or for any other reason, our expenses could increase and our ability to process certain payments could be materially interrupted, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, our agreements with these providers include certain terms and conditions. These providers have broad discretion to change their terms of service and other policies with respect to our business, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. Therefore, we believe that maintaining successful partnerships with these payment providers is critical to our success. 
 We, our strategic partners and our clients obtain and process large amounts of personal and sensitive data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We, our strategic partners and our clients, and the third-party vendors that we use, obtain and process large amounts of sensitive data, including personally identifiable information, also referred to as personal data, and other potentially sensitive data related to our clients, their customers and each of their transactions, as well as a variety of such data relating to our own workforce and internal operations. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data, and these risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new solutions and technologies. 
 We are responsible for data security for ourselves and for third parties with whom we partner and under the rules and regulations established by the payment networks, such as Visa, Mastercard and American Express, and debit card networks and by industry regulations and standards that may be promulgated by organizations such as NACHA, which manages the governance of the ACH network in the United States. These third parties include our distribution partners and other third-party service providers and agents. We and other third parties collect, process, store and/or transmit personal and sensitive data, such as names, addresses, social security numbers, credit or debit card numbers and expiration dates, driver s license numbers and bank account numbers. We have ultimate liability to the payment networks and to our customers for our failure or the failure of third parties with whom we contract to protect this data in accordance with PCI DSS and network requirements. The loss, destruction or unauthorized modification or disclosure of merchant or cardholder data by us or our contracted third parties could result in significant fines, sanctions and proceedings or actions against us by the payment networks, governmental entities, clients, client customers or others and damage our reputation. 
 Similarly, there are existing regulatory regimes designed to protect the privacy of categories of personal or otherwise sensitive data. Relevant U.S. federal privacy laws include the FERPA, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), and HIPAA. We also are subject to stringent contractual obligations relating to the handling of such data, including obligations that are more restrictive than legally required. For example, under HIPAA, the information we collect during the payment experience may include protected health Information (PHI), and as such, we are considered a business associate of the U.S. healthcare clients we serve, and we are required to enter into a business associate agreement (BAA) with these 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 clients. The BAAs largely mirror some of the statutory obligations contained in HIPAA, but many contain additional contractual undertakings that give these clients additional remedies in the event of a breach of our obligations to protect the confidentiality of the client s PHI or otherwise meet our contractual obligations. Privacy laws impose a variety of compliance burdens on us and our clients, such as requiring notice to individuals of privacy practices, providing individuals with certain rights to prevent the use and disclosure of protected information, and also imposing requirements for safeguarding and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. Privacy laws grant audit rights to our regulators and those of our clients. Any unauthorized disclosure of PHI or other data we are obligated to protect by regulation or contract could result in significant fines, sanctions, or requirements to take corrective action that could materially adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 Threats may derive from human error, fraud, or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or from accidental technological failure. For example, certain of our FlyMates have access to personal and sensitive data that could be used to commit identity theft or fraud. Concerns about security increase when we transmit information electronically because such transmissions can be subject to attack, interception, or loss. Also, computer viruses can be distributed and spread rapidly over the Internet and could infiltrate our systems or those of our contracted third parties. Denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including interfering with our solutions or to create a diversion for other malicious activities. These and other types of actions and attacks could disrupt our delivery of solutions or make them unavailable. Any such actions or attacks against us or our contracted third parties could impugn our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in remediating the resulting impacts, expose us to uninsured liability, result in the loss of our bank sponsors or our ability to participate in the payment networks, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny and the costs associated with such scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits, fines or sanctions, distract our management, or increase our costs of doing business. 
 We and our contracted third parties could be subject to security breaches by hackers. Our encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent unauthorized access to or use of personal and sensitive data. A breach of a system may subject us to material losses or liability, including payment network fines, assessments and claims for unauthorized purchases with misappropriated credit, debit or card information, impersonation, or other similar fraud claims. A misuse of such data or a cybersecurity breach could harm our reputation and deter clients and their customers from using electronic payments generally and our solutions specifically, thus reducing our revenue. In addition, any such misuse or breach could cause us to incur costs to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny and the costs associated with such scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits, and result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under state and federal laws or by the payment networks. The insurance coverage we maintain to cover cyber risks may be insufficient to cover all losses. In addition, a significant cybersecurity breach of our systems or communications could result in payment networks prohibiting us from processing transactions on their networks or the loss of our bank sponsors that facilitate our participation in the payment networks, either of which could materially impede our ability to conduct business. 
 Additionally, it is also possible that unauthorized access to sensitive customer and business data may be obtained through inadequate use of security controls by our customers, suppliers or other vendors. While we are still not currently aware of any impact that the SolarWinds supply chain attack had on our business, this is a relatively recent event, and the scope of the attack is still undetermined. Therefore, there is residual risk that we could experience a security breach arising from the SolarWinds supply chain attack. 
 We have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and we have policies and procedures in place to both evaluate the security protocols and practices of our vendors and to contractually require service providers to whom we disclose personal data to implement and maintain privacy and security measures. However, we cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers will be followed, or that those requirements, or our internal measures, will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. If our privacy protection or security measures or those of the previously mentioned third parties are inadequate or are breached as a result of third-party action, employee or contractor error, malfeasance, malware, phishing, hacking attacks, system error, software bugs or defects in our solutions, trickery, process failure, or otherwise, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure of, or someone obtains unauthorized access to or extract funds or sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, on our systems or our partners systems, or if we suffer a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged. Recent high-profile security breaches and related disclosures of personal and sensitive data by large institutions suggest that the risk of such events is significant, even if privacy protection and security measures are implemented and enforced. If personal or sensitive information is lost or improperly disclosed or threatened to be disclosed, we could incur significant costs associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 third-party experts and consultants. In addition, we may incur significant liability and financial loss and may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, proceedings, and penalties. 
 Under our terms of service and our contracts with strategic partners and clients, if there is a breach of payment information that we store, we could be liable for their losses and related expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our solutions. Any perceived or actual breach of security, regardless of how it occurs or the extent of the breach, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing partners or clients, prevent us from obtaining new partners, clients or customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and implement measures to prevent further breaches, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud monitoring and forensics. Any actual or perceived security breach at a company providing services to us or our clients could have similar effects. 
 We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities can disrupt our business and harm our competitive position. 
 Cyber incidents have been increasing in sophistication and frequency and can include third parties gaining access to employee or customer data using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming, phishing attacks, ransomware, card skimming code, and other deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access. Providers of payment and accounts receivable software have frequently been targeted by such attacks and due to the war in the Ukraine and continued political uncertainty involving Russia and Ukraine and potentially other regions of Europe, there is an increased likelihood that escalation of tensions could result in cyberattacks that could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. Because of this, we face additional cybersecurity challenges, including threats to our own IT infrastructure or those of our clients, our customers clients, and/or third-party providers, that may take a variety of forms ranging from stolen bank accounts, business email compromise, client employee fraud, account takeover, or check fraud, to mega breaches targeted against payment and accounts receivable software, which could be initiated by individual or groups of hackers or sophisticated cyber criminals using any of the methods described above. A cybersecurity incident or breach could result in disclosure of confidential information and intellectual property, or cause production downtimes and compromised data. We have in the past experienced cybersecurity incidents of limited scale, and we may in the future experience other data security incidents or breaches affecting personally identifiable information or other confidential business information. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used in the future to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our client base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, third parties may increasingly seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or our clients (or our clients customers data. 
 Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these evolving threats. Despite the internal control measures, and security procedures we employ to safeguard our systems, we may still be vulnerable to a security breach, intrusion, or loss or theft of personal or sensitive data, which may harm our business, reputation and future financial results. The lost revenue and containment, remediation, investigation, legal and other costs could be significant and may exceed our insurance policy limits or may not be covered by insurance at all. Further, we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions and litigation that could result in financial judgments or the payment of settlement amounts and disputes with insurance carriers concerning coverage. In addition, sufficient insurance coverage may become increasingly expensive to maintain as incidents increase globally. 
 Our risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities by our customers, FlyMates or other third parties, which could expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 Our software provides payment facilitation solutions for a large number of our clients and their customers. We are responsible for performing KYC reviews of our clients, sanctions screening their customers, and monitoring transactions for fraud. We have been and may continue to be targeted by parties who seek to commit acts of financial fraud using techniques such as stolen identities and bank accounts, compromised business email accounts, employee or insider 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 fraud, account takeover, false applications, and fake invoicing. We may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud committed by our clients, our clients customers and purported customers, our FlyMates and payment partners or third parties. 
 The techniques used to perpetrate fraud are continually evolving and we may not be able to identify all risks created by new solutions or functionality. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Furthermore, our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may contain errors or our FlyMates or agents may commit mistakes or errors in judgment as a result of which we may suffer large financial losses. The software-driven and highly automated nature of our solutions could enable criminals and those committing fraud to steal significant amounts of money accessing our solutions. As greater numbers of our clients' customers use our solutions, and we serve clients in industries that are at higher risk for fraudulent activity, our exposure to material risk losses from a single client, or from a small number of clients, will increase. In addition, our clients or their customers may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud by third parties posing as us through account takeover, credential harvesting, use of stolen identities and various other techniques, which could harm our reputation, consume significant time of our compliance, security and client relations teams to investigate and remediate, or prompt us to reimburse our clients for such losses in order to maintain client business relationships. 
 Our current business and anticipated growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management efforts, and we will need to continue developing and improving and investing in our existing risk management infrastructure, policies, procedures, techniques, and processes. As techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our solutions evolve, we may need to modify our solutions to mitigate fraud risks. As our business grows and becomes more complex, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves in our books for fraud related losses. Further, these types of fraudulent activities targeting our solutions can also expose us to civil and criminal liability, governmental and regulatory sanctions as well as potentially cause us to be in breach of our contractual obligations to our clients and partners. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, and changing business needs, requirements, or preferences, or if we fail to continue to grow and develop our payments solutions, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our future success depends in large part on the continued growth and development of our payments solutions. If such activities are limited, restricted, curtailed or degraded in any way, or if we fail to continue to grow and develop our payments solutions, our business may be materially and adversely affected. The market for payments enablement solutions is relatively new and subject to changes in technology, regulatory regimes, industry standards, payment methods, regulations and client and customer needs. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes through methods which include launching new solutions. 
 The success of any new product and service, or any enhancements or modifications to existing solutions, depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of such solutions, enhancements, and modifications. Our engineering and software development teams operate in different locations across the globe (including teams in Valencia, Spain, Cluj, Romania, Chicago, Tel Aviv, Israel and Brisbane, Australia), which can create logistical challenges. If we are unable to effectively coordinate with our global technology and development teams to enhance our solutions, add new payment methods or develop new solutions that keep pace with technological and regulatory changes to achieve market acceptance, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive solutions that are more effective, secure, convenient or cost effective than our solutions, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, modifications to our existing solutions or technology will increase our technology and development expenses. Any failure of our solutions to operate effectively with existing or future network solutions and technologies could reduce the demand for our solutions, result in clients or clients' customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business. 
 Changes to payment card networks fees or rules could harm our business. 
 We are required to comply with Mastercard, American Express, and Visa payment card network operating rules and the rules of other regional card (such as China UnionPay or JCB) or payment providers, in connection with our solutions. We have agreed to reimburse our merchant acquirers for any fines they are assessed by payment card networks as a result of any rule violations by us. We may also be directly liable to the payment card networks for rule violations. The payment card networks set and interpret the card operating rules. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules that we or our processors might find difficult or even impossible to follow, or costly to implement. For example, the card networks could adopt new rules or reinterpret existing rules to substantially 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 modify how we offer credit card payment methods to our clients, or impose new fees or costs that could negatively impact our margins. Card networks also could modify security or fraud detection methodologies that could have a downstream impact on our business, and force us to change our solutions, payment experience or security protocols, which may increase our operating costs. We also may seek to introduce other card-related solutions in the future, which would entail additional operating rules. As a result of any violations of rules, new rules being implemented, or increased fees, we could lose our ability to offer certain cards as a payment method to our clients customers, or such payments could become prohibitively expensive for us or for our clients. Additionally, from time to time, card networks, including Visa and Mastercard, increase the fees that they charge processors. We could attempt to pass these increases along to our clients and their customers, but this strategy might result in the loss of clients to our competitors who do not pass along the increases. If competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our clients and their customers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, which may increase our operating costs and reduce our profit margins. If we are unable to offer credit cards as a payment method to our clients customers, our business would be adversely affected. 
 If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our solution with evolving software solutions used by our clients, or the interoperability of our solutions with those of our third-party payment providers, payment networks and key software vendors, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our solutions integrate with ERP systems, such as Ellucian Company, L.P. in education, Epic Systems Corporation in healthcare, Rezdy Pty Ltd in travel and Oracle Corporation in B2B payments. We automatically synchronize suppliers, clients, client customers, invoices, and payment transactions between our solutions and these systems. This two-way sync eliminates duplicate data entry and provides the basis for managing cash-flow through an integrated solution for accounts receivable, and payments. 
 In addition, we are subject to certain standard terms and conditions with these partners. These partners have broad discretion to change their terms of service and other policies, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. Therefore, we believe that maintaining successful partnerships with these providers is critical to our future success. 
 We also rely on our proprietary global payment network comprised of leading global, regional and local banks and technology and payment partners. If we do not or cannot maintain the interoperability of their products or services or the products or our key software vendors that are integral to our solutions, our business may be materially and adversely affected. These third parties periodically update and change their systems, and although we have been able to adapt our solutions to their evolving needs in the past, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future. In particular, if we are unable to adapt to such changes, we may not be able to utilize these strategic partners and we may lose access to large numbers of clients as a result. 
 If any of the third party software providers change the features of their APIs, discontinue their support of such APIs, restrict our access to their APIs, or alter the terms governing their use in a manner that is adverse to our business, we will not be able to provide synchronization capabilities, which could significantly diminish the value of our solutions and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our client base will be impaired and our business, operating results, and financial condition may suffer. 
 We believe that further developing, maintaining and enhancing our brand domestically and on a global basis is important to support the marketing and sale of our existing and future solutions to new clients and to attracting additional and strategic partners. Successfully further developing, maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing and demand generation efforts, our ability to provide reliable and seamless solutions that continue to meet the needs of our clients and their customers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our clients trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality, solutions, and our ability to successfully differentiate solutions from competitive solutions. Our brand promotion activities may not generate client awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. 
 If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees. Our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Massaro, and our President and Chief Operating Officer, Rob Orgel, are critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our solutions, strategic partnerships, culture, 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 relationships with financial institutions, and strategic direction. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key employees, which could disrupt our business. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis. We currently have key person insurance on our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Massaro, but not for any of the other members of our management team. Certain of our key employees have been with us for a long period of time and have fully vested stock options or other long-term equity incentives that are or may become valuable and are publicly tradable subject to Rule 144 limitations, which may reduce the incentive for each of these key employees to remain at our Company. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees or that we would be able to timely replace members of our senior management or other key employees should any of them depart. The loss of our Chief Executive Officer, or our President and Chief Operating Officer, or one or more of our senior management, or other key employees could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. 
 The failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel could prevent us from executing our business strategy and growth plans. 
 To execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for executive officers, software developers, compliance and risk management personnel and other key employees in our industry and locations is intense and increasing, especially in the U.S., where wage inflation has been increasing. We compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing payment systems, as well as for skilled legal and compliance and risk operations professionals. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we do and can frequently offer such personnel substantially greater compensation than we can offer. If we fail to identify, attract, develop and integrate new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our growth prospects would be adversely affected. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the critical nature of the solutions that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our FlyMates. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our culture. If we fail to maintain our culture, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 Our sales cycles may be long and vary. 
 We devote significant resources to establish relationships with new clients and deepen relationships with existing clients. The sales cycles of our solutions tend to vary depending on the client industry sector which may make forecasting more complex and uncertain. 
 Although more customers and partners have relaxed restrictions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many enterprises continue to restrict travel, limit availability of in person meetings and maintain other restrictions that could make the sales process more lengthy and difficult. In addition, sales and sale cycles may be based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of our solutions, including, among others, a client or prospective client s projection of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, increased inflationary conditions, recession concerns and the escalation of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our solution, potential preference for internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and solutions, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. Mid-market and large enterprises tend to have more complex operating environments than smaller businesses, making it often more difficult and time-consuming for us to demonstrate the value of our solutions to prospective clients. The decision to use our solutions may also be an enterprise-wide decision, and require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our solutions, which may result in additional time, effort, and money spent on our sales cycle without any assurance that our efforts will be successful in generating any sales. Often, major hospital systems and national or state higher education systems will solicit service offers by issuing requests for proposals (RFPs), which are generally a time- and resource-intensive process, with no assurances of being selected as a vendor after the RFP process is completed. Additionally, large enterprises typically have longer implementation cycles, especially hospital and education systems, require greater product functionality and scalability and a broader range of services, demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, sometimes require longer testing periods that delay general availability of our solutions, and expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. All of these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these clients. If we fail to 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 realize an expected sale from a large end-client in a particular quarter or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, we may face unexpected deployment challenges with enterprise clients. It may be difficult to deploy our software solutions if a client has unexpected database, hardware or software technology issues, or if a client insists on a more customized or unique solution that is time intensive or that we have little prior experience in delivering. Decisions on timing of deployments may also be impacted by cost and availability of personnel. Any difficulties or delays in the initial implementation could cause clients to reject our solutions or lead to the delay or non-receipt of future orders, in which case our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 Our operating results depend in substantial part on our ability to deliver a successful client experience and persuade our clients to grow their relationship with us over time. As we expect to grow rapidly, our client acquisition costs could outpace our build-up of recurring revenue, and we may be unable to reduce our total operating costs through economies of scale such that we are unable to achieve profitability. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays, including delays caused by factors outside of our control, could cause our operating results to suffer. 
 We typically incur significant upfront costs in our client relationships, and if we are unable to develop or grow these relationships over time, we are unlikely to recover these costs and our operating results may suffer. 
 We devote significant resources to establish relationships with new clients and deepen relationships with existing clients. Our sales cycle for our solutions can be variable, typically ranging from three to nine months from initial contact to contract execution. However, there is potential for our sales cycle to extend beyond three to nine months as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. During the period of our sales cycle, our efforts involve educating our clients about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our solutions. Our operating results depend in substantial part on our ability to deliver a successful client experience and persuade our clients to grow their relationship with us over time. As we expect to grow rapidly, our client acquisition costs could outpace our build-up of recurring revenue, and we may be unable to reduce our total operating costs through economies of scale such that we are unable to achieve profitability. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays, including delays caused by factors outside of our control, could cause our operating results to suffer. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality client support, or if our support is more expensive than anticipated, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Our clients and their customers rely on our support services to resolve issues and realize the full benefits provided by our solutions. High-quality support is also important for the expansion of the use of our solutions with existing clients and their customers. We provide multilingual support over chat, email or via telephone. The number of our clients, and the number of their customers utilizing our solutions, has grown significantly and such growth, as well as any future growth, will put additional pressure on our client service organization. If we do not help our clients and their customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, or if our support personnel or methods of providing support are insufficient to meet the needs of our clients and their customers, our ability to retain clients and their customers and acquire new clients and customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential clients could be harmed. Providing an exceptional client experience requires significant time and resources from our client service team. Therefore, failure to scale our client service organization adequately may adversely impact our business results and financial condition. 
 In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and continue to expand to new jurisdictions, we need to be able to provide efficient client service that meets our clients needs globally at scale. In geographies where we sell through our channel partners, if we are unable to provide a high quality client experience tailored to the language and culture of the applicable jurisdiction, our business operations and reputation may suffer. 
 We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity and debt financings, sales of our solutions, and fees. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. 
 Our business could be harmed as a result of the risks associated with our acquisitions. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have in the past and intend to continue to seek to acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that could complement or expand our business, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities by providing us with additional intellectual property, client relationships and geographic coverage. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not such acquisitions are completed. In addition, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or that we will be successful in entering into a definitive agreement with any one target. In addition, even if we reach a definitive agreement with a target, there is no assurance that we will complete any future acquisition or if we do acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to integrate them effectively following the acquisition or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. 
 Any acquisitions we undertake or have recently completed, including the acquisitions of Cohort Go in July 2022, WPM in December 2021 and Simplee in February 2020, will likely be accompanied by business risks which may include, among other things: 
 the effect of the acquisition on our financial and strategic position and reputation; 

the failure of an acquisition to result in expected benefits, which may include benefits relating to enhanced revenues, technology, human resources, costs savings, operating efficiencies, goodwill and other synergies; 

the difficulty, cost and management effort required to integrate the acquired businesses, including costs and delays in implementing common systems and procedures and costs and delays caused by communication difficulties; 

the assumption of certain known or unknown liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation-related liabilities; 

the reduction of our cash available for operations and other uses, the increase in amortization expense related to identifiable assets acquired, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt; 

a lack of experience in new markets, new business culture, products or technologies or an initial dependence on unfamiliar distribution partners; 

the possibility that we will pay more than the value we derive from the acquisition; 

the impairment of relationships with our clients, clients' customers, partners or suppliers or those of the acquired business; and 

the potential loss of key employees of the acquired business. 

These factors could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 In addition to the risks commonly encountered in the acquisition of a business or assets as described above, we may also experience risks relating to the challenges and costs of closing a transaction. The risks described above may be exacerbated as a result of managing multiple acquisitions at once. 
 Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our solutions could harm our business. 
 Our systems and those of our service providers and partners have experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, insider threats, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and other natural disasters, including events resulting from climate change, war or other military conflict, including an escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all possible outcomes or events. In addition, as a provider of payments solutions targeted to highly regulated clients in industries such as education and healthcare, we are subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators that may require specific business continuity, resiliency and disaster recovery plans, and more rigorous testing of such plans, which may be costly and time-consuming to implement, and may divert our resources from other business priorities. 
 A prolonged interruption in the availability, speed, or functionality of our solutions or payment methods could materially harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our solutions could cause current or potential clients and their customers to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce the use of our solutions, and could permanently harm our reputation and brand. Moreover, if any system failure or similar event results in damages to our clients or their customers and business partners, these clients, customers or partners could seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 We have undertaken and continue to make certain technology and network upgrades and redundancies which are designed to improve the reliability of our solutions. These efforts are costly and time-consuming, involve significant technical risk and may divert our resources from new features and solutions, and there can be no guarantee that these efforts will succeed. Because we are a regulated payments institution in certain jurisdictions, frequent or persistent interruptions could lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices, and ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses that we need to operate or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business. 
 We use public cloud hosting with AWS and depend on AWS ability to protect their data centers against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, and similar events. Our operations depend on protecting the cloud infrastructure hosted by AWS by maintaining the configuration, architecture, and interconnection specifications, as well as the information stored in these virtual data centers and transmitted by third-party internet service providers. In limited occasions, we have experienced service disruptions in the past, and may experience interruptions or delays in our solutions in the future. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data storage services we use. Although we have disaster recovery plans that utilize various data storage locations, any incident affecting our data storage or internet service providers infrastructure that may be caused by fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failures, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters, war or other military conflict, including an escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorist attacks, negligence, and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect our solutions. Any prolonged service disruption affecting our solutions could damage our reputation with current and potential clients, expose us to liability, cause us to lose clients, or otherwise harm our business. In the event of damage or interruption to our solutions, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. 
 In addition, we may experience financial losses due to a number of factors, including: 
 third party disruptions, including potential outages at network providers and other suppliers; 

supply chain impacts, including shortages of goods, raw materials, increased prices or delays in shipment; 

challenges to the availability and reliability of our network due to changes to normal operations, including the possibility of one or more clusters of COVID-19 cases occurring at our suppliers data centers, affecting our FlyMates, or affecting the systems or employees of our clients or business partners; 

increased cyber and payment fraud risk related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as cybercriminals attempt DDoS related attacks, phishing scams and other disruptive actions, given the shift to online banking, e-commerce and other online activity, as well as more FlyMates working remotely as a result of the pandemic; and 

system failures or outages, including any potential disruptions due to significantly increased global demand on certain cloud-based systems during the COVID-19 pandemic, could compromise our ability to provide our solutions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our solutions are accessed by many of our clients and their customers, often at the same time. As we continue to expand the number of clients that we serve and solutions that we are able to offer to our clients and their customers, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements, which may result in interruptions or delays in service. In addition, the failure of data centers, internet service providers, or other third-party service providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in access to our solutions or impede our ability to grow our business and scale our operations. If our third-party infrastructure service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity, or damage to data centers, we could experience interruptions in access to our solutions as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services. 
 We also rely on components, applications, and services supplied by third parties, including payment service providers and merchant acquirer partners which subjects us to risks. If these third parties experience operational interference or disruptions, breach their agreements with us, fail to perform their obligations and meet our expectations, or experience a cybersecurity incident, our operations could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which could result in client dissatisfaction, regulatory scrutiny, and damage to our reputation and brand, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, we are continually improving and upgrading our systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies is complex, expensive, and time-consuming. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new systems and technologies, or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do not operate as intended, this could have an adverse impact on our business, internal controls (including internal controls over financial reporting), results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Landscape 
 We currently handle cross-border and domestic payments and plan to expand our solutions to new clients, to accept and settle payments in new countries and in new currencies, and to increase our global network to allow us to offer local and alternative payment methods, creating a variety of operational challenges; additionally, our domestic and international operations subject us to increased risks, which could harm our business. 
 Our business is subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally, including cross-border payments and domestic payments in the United States and certain other markets. Our handling of domestic and cross-border payments to our clients generates a significant portion of our revenues, with a substantial portion of such revenues coming from payments processed from Asia (including India, China and Korea). We expect that international revenues will continue to account for a significant percentage of total net revenues for the foreseeable future, and that in particular, the proportion of our revenue from Asia will continue to increase. Current events, including the possibility of renegotiated trade deals and international tax law treaties, United States-China diplomatic and trade friction, heightened tensions between China and Taiwan and the escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, create a level of uncertainty, and potentially increased complexity, for multinational companies. These uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, international operations are subject to various risks which could have a material adverse effect on those operations or our business as a whole, including: 
 foreign currency exchange rate volatility; 

adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally, including economic slowdown, inflation, recession concerns and the disruption, volatility and tightening of credit and capital markets; 

risks related to government regulation or required compliance with local laws; 

local licensing and reporting obligations or the imposition of currency controls which make it impossible or increasingly difficult for our clients to collect payments from international customers; 

local regulatory and legal obligations related to privacy, data protection, data localization, and user protections; 

the need to localize our solutions, including offering clients and their customers the ability to transact business in the local currency and adapting our solutions to local preferences, in markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

trade barriers and changes in trade regulations; 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the impact of government sanctions on our ability to offer services in a region, such as the sanctions recently announced by the U.S. and other countries against Russia; 

difficulties in developing, staffing, and managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; 

stringent local labor laws and regulations; 

limitations on the repatriation of cash, including imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign subsidiaries; 

diplomatic friction, political or social unrest, war or other military conflict, including an escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

natural disasters, global pandemics such as COVID-19 or other public health emergencies, acts of war, and terrorism; 

compliance with U.S. laws and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act, and other local anti-corruption laws; 

compliance with U.S. and foreign laws designed to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities; 

retaliatory tariffs and restrictions limiting free movement of currency and an unfavorable trade environment, including as a result of political conditions and changes in the laws in the United States and elsewhere and as described in more detail below; 

antitrust and competition regulations; 

expanded compliance with potentially conflicting and changing laws of taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business and applicable U.S. tax laws as they relate to international operations, the complexity and adverse consequences of such tax laws, and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in such tax laws or levels of enforcement, including the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes a minimum corporate tax which could result in an additional tax liability in a given year; 

expected or actual extended federal government shutdowns, partisan gridlock that results in the inability of Congress to take action or changes to government policy; 

national or regional differences in macroeconomic growth rates; and 

increased difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. 

Foreign operations may also expose us to political, social, regulatory and economic uncertainties affecting a country or region, or to political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors. Many financial markets are not as developed or as efficient as those in the United States, and as a result, liquidity may be reduced and price volatility may be higher in those markets than in more developed markets. The legal and regulatory environment may also be different, particularly with respect to bankruptcy and reorganization, and may afford us less protection as a creditor than we may be entitled to under U.S. law. Financial accounting standards and practices may differ, and there may be less publicly available information in respect of such companies. 
 Restrictions imposed or actions taken by foreign governments could include exchange controls, seizure or nationalization of foreign deposits and adoption of other governmental restrictions which adversely affect the prices of securities or the ability to repatriate profits. For instance, we process a substantial amount of payments from China. The Chinese government imposes controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi the currency of China, into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. The Chinese government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. In addition, income received by us from sources in some countries may be reduced by withholding and other taxes. Any such taxes paid by us will reduce the net income or return from such investments. While we will take these factors into consideration in making investment decisions, including when hedging positions, no assurance can be given that we will be able to fully avoid these risks or generate sufficient risk-adjusted returns. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Violations of the complex foreign and U.S. laws, rules and regulations that apply to our cross-border operations may result in fines, criminal actions, or sanctions against us, our officers, or FlyMates; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our FlyMates, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. These risks are inherent in our cross-border operations and expansion, may increase our costs of doing business internationally, and could harm our business. 
 Payments and other financial services-related regulations and oversight are material to our business. Our failure to comply could materially harm our business. 
 The local, state, and federal laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate that govern our business include, or may in the future include, those relating to consumer finance and consumer protection, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as money transmission, payment processing, and settlement services), AML and CFT, escheatment, international sanctions regimes, and compliance with the PCI DSS. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the SEC, CFPB, the Federal Trade Commission, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local regulators and law enforcement agencies. Our clients also have their own regulatory obligations, and they expect our solutions to comply with the regulatory requirements that are applicable to their businesses. For additional discussion about the regulatory environment that we and our clients operate in, please see Business Regulation and Industry Standards . As we expand into new jurisdictions, the number of foreign laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards governing our business will expand as well. In addition, as our business and solutions continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, or standards to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are registered with FinCEN. Our subsidiary Flywire Global Corp. has obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or the statutory equivalent) in 41 U.S. jurisdictions, and is in the process of applying for a license in, to the best of our knowledge, all U.S. states and territories where such licensure or registration is required in order to be able to offer additional business lines in the future. As a licensed money transmitter, we are (and in the states where we are awaiting licensure, will be) subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the investment of client funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, minimum capital requirements, and inspection by state regulatory agencies concerning various aspects of our business. Evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as the questions of whether and to what extent our solutions are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. In addition, there are substantial costs involved in maintaining and renewing our licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, AML, CFT, capitalization, corporate governance, or other requirements of such licenses. 
 If we fail to predict how a U.S. law or regulation or a law or regulation from another jurisdiction in which we operate will be applied to us, we could be subject to additional licensure requirements and/or administrative enforcement actions. This could also require changes to the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business or potential product changes, and require us to pay fines, penalties, or compensation to clients for past non-compliance. At the federal level, we are registered as a MSB with FinCEN. For additional discussion of the requirements of our MSB registration, please see Business Regulation and Industry Standards. At the state level, we rely on various exemptions from state money transmitter licensing requirements, and regulators may find that we have violated applicable laws or regulations because we are not licensed or registered as a money transmitter in all of the U.S. jurisdictions we service. We believe, based on our business model, that we have valid exemptions from licensure under various state money transmission laws, either expressly as a payment processor or agent of the payee, or pursuant to common law as an agent of the payee. While we believe we have defensible arguments in support of our positions under the state money transmission statutes, we have not expressly obtained confirmation of such positions from the state banking departments who administer the state money transmission statutes. It is possible that certain state banking departments may determine that our activities are not exempt. Any determination that we are in fact required to be licensed under the money transmission statute of a state where we are not yet licensed may require substantial expenditures of time and money to remediate and could lead to liability in the nature of penalties or fines, costs, legal fees, reputational damage or other negative consequences. We could be required to cease operations in some or all of the U.S. jurisdictions we service and where we are not yet licensed, which determination would have a materially adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. In the past, certain competitors have been found to violate laws and regulations related to money transmission, and they have been subject to fines and other penalties by regulatory authorities. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The adoption of new money transmitter or MSB statutes in jurisdictions or changes in regulators interpretation of existing state and federal money transmitter or MSB statutes or regulations could subject us to new registration or licensing requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any such licenses in all of the jurisdictions we service, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. These factors could impose substantial additional costs, involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our solutions, require significant and costly operational changes, or prevent us from providing our solutions in any given market. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to constant change, and new regulations could make aspects of our business as currently conducted no longer possible. 
 In the future, as a result of the regulations applicable to our business, we could be subject to investigations and resulting liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting certain aspects of our business with residents of certain jurisdictions, be forced to change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. For example, because a majority of voters in the U.K. approved an exit from the E.U. (commonly referred to as Brexit), we were required to obtain a license from a member state of the EEA which would allow us to continue to provide our solutions to clients located in the EEA under a principle known as passporting . We were able to obtain a license as an authorized payment institution from the Bank of Lithuania in September 2019 and subsequently obtained the right to passport our solutions to other EEA member states. 
 Government agencies may impose new or additional rules on money transmission, which may increase our costs of doing business, including, but not limited to regulations that: 
 prohibit, restrict, and/or impose taxes or fees on money transmission transactions in, to or from certain countries or with certain governments, individuals, and entities; 

impose additional client identification and client due diligence requirements; 

impose additional reporting or recordkeeping requirements, or require enhanced transaction monitoring; 

limit the types of entities capable of providing money transmission services, or impose additional licensing or registration requirements; 

impose minimum capital or other financial requirements; 

limit or restrict the revenue that may be generated from money transmission, including revenue from the transaction value associated with the payment method used by our clients customers and platform-related fees for access to our solutions and invoice and payment plan fees; 

require enhanced disclosures to our money transmission clients or their customers; 

require the principal amount of money transmission transactions originated in a country to be invested in that country or held in trust until paid; 

limit the number or principal amount of money transmission transactions that may be sent to or from a jurisdiction, whether by an individual or in the aggregate; and 

restrict or limit our ability to process transactions using centralized databases, for example, by requiring that transactions be processed using a database maintained in a particular country or region. 

We are subject to governmental laws and requirements regarding economic and trade sanctions, AML and CFT that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate them. 
 We are currently required to comply with U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by OFAC and we have processes in place to comply with the OFAC regulations as well as similar requirements in the foreign jurisdictions in which we already operate. As part of our compliance efforts, we scan our clients against watch lists promulgated by OFAC and certain other international agencies. Our application can be accessed from anywhere in the world, and if our service 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 is accessed from a sanctioned country in violation of applicable trade and economic sanctions, we could be subject to fines or other enforcement actions. We are also subject to various AML and CFT laws and regulations around the world that prohibit, among other things, our involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal or terrorist activities. In the United States, most of our solutions are subject to AML laws and regulations, including the BSA, and similar laws and regulations. The BSA, among other things, requires MSBs to develop and implement risk-based AML programs, to report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and in some cases, to collect and maintain information about clients who use their services and maintain other transaction records. Regulators and third-party auditors have identified gaps in how similar businesses have implemented AML programs, and we could likewise be subject to significant fines, penalties, inquiries, audits, investigations, enforcement actions, and criminal and civil liability if our AML program is found to be insufficient by a regulator. 
 Our business operations in other parts of the world such as the U.K., Lithuania, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore are subject to similar laws and requirements. Regulators in the United States and globally continue to increase their scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our clients and to monitor transactions on our system, including payments to persons outside of the United States. Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or verify identities of clients, and any change in such thresholds could result in greater costs for compliance. Similarly, as a condition to doing business with us, our banking and other strategic partners also impose ongoing obligations on us related to AML and CFT and sanctions screening. Any failure on our part to maintain the necessary processes and policies to comply with these regulations and requirements, or to adapt our processes and policies to changes in laws, would subject us to penalties, fines, or loss of key relationships which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Furthermore, government sanctions imposed with respect to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in early 2022 are impacting our ability to offer our services in the region, and additional sanctions could be imposed in the future. Further instability or tension in Russia, Ukraine, and the surrounding region could also cause us to adjust our operating model, which would increase our costs of operations. 
 Any actual or perceived failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly those related to privacy, data protection, and information security, could harm our business. Compliance with such laws could also result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our solutions. 
 Our clients and their customers store personal and business information, financial information and other sensitive information through our solutions. In addition, we collect, store, and process personal and business information and other data from and about actual and prospective clients, their customers, our FlyMates and our service providers and other business partners, as well as their personnel. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and various state, local, and foreign agencies. Our data handling is also subject to contractual obligations and industry standards. 
 The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, and storage of data relating to individuals and businesses, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising, and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure, and security of certain types of data, including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, FERPA, HIPAA, and the now in question E.U.-U.S. and Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield protections, as well as state laws relating to privacy and data security. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. For example, California enacted the CCPA, which took effect on January 1, 2020 and became enforceable by the California Attorney General on July 1, 2020, and broadly defines personal information. The CCPA creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that term is broadly defined) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide certain disclosures to California consumers about its data collection, use and sharing practices, provide such consumers with ways to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, provides for civil penalties for violations, and allows for a new private right of action for data breaches that has resulted in an increase in data breach litigation. It remains unclear, however, how the CCPA will be interpreted. As currently written, it will likely impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to not only cyber threats but also the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. On August 24, 2022, the California Attorney General announced the entry of a final judgment enforcement action resulting in a fine and settlement under the CCPA, as the defendant was ordered to pay a 1.2 million penalty and, among other things, implement a monitoring and reporting program to demonstrate its ongoing compliance with the CCPA. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additionally, a new California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) was passed in November 2020. Effective starting on January 1, 2023, the CPRA imposes additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation and will significantly modify the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also creates a new state agency that will be vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. The effects of the CCPA and the CPRA are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. 
 The laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security are evolving, can be subject to significant change, and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. The CCPA, in particular, has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. Virginia became the second state after California to enact a broad privacy law with the passage of the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (CDPA) on March 2, 2021. The CDPA contains several new requirements for covered companies that may add operational challenges, including a greater emphasis on transparency, broader affirmative consent or opt-in requirements to process sensitive personal data, broader opt-out rights and data protection assessment requirements for certain sales of personal data as well as targeted advertising and profiling, and an appeal process for denials of consumer rights requests. The law took effect January 1, 2023, the same day as the CPRA. Colorado became the third state with the passage of the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) on July 8, 2021. Like the CDPA, the CPA provides consumers the right to opt out of processing for sales of personal data, targeted advertising, and profiling, provides the right to appeal a business denial to take action, among other new consumer rights, requires data protection assessments for certain processing activities, and, unlike the CDPA, grants the Attorney General rulemaking powers. The law will take effect on July 1, 2023. Unlike in California, neither law provides for a private right of action. We anticipate that more states may enact legislation similar to the CCPA, which provides consumers with new privacy rights and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of such consumers. For example, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act became law on March 24, 2022. The Utah legislation most closely mirrors Virginia s CDPA and will go into effect on December 31, 2023. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. 
 Many of the foreign jurisdictions where we or our clients operate or conduct business, including the E.U., have laws and regulations dealing with the collection, use, storage, and disclosure and other handling (collectively, processing) of personal information, which in some cases are more restrictive than those in the U.S. In addition to regulating the processing of personal information within the relevant jurisdictions, these legal requirements often also apply to the processing of personal information outside these jurisdictions, where there is some specified link to the relevant jurisdiction. For example, we have multiple offices in Europe and serves clients and their customers throughout the E.U., where the GDPR went into effect in 2018. The GDPR, which is also the law in Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein, and to a large degree the U.K., has an extensive global reach and imposes robust obligations relating to the processing of personal information, including documentation requirements, greater control for data subjects (e.g., the right to be forgotten and data portability), security requirements, notice requirements, restrictions on sharing personal information, data governance obligations, data breach notification requirements, and restrictions on the export of personal information to most other countries. The solutions that we currently offer subject us to many of these laws and regulations in many of the foreign jurisdictions where we operate or conduct business, and these laws and regulations may be modified or subject to new or different interpretations, and new laws and regulations may be enacted in the future. 
 Recent legal developments have created compliance uncertainty regarding some transfers of personal information from the U.K. and EEA to locations where we or our clients operate or conduct business, including the United States and potentially Singapore, particularly with respect to cross-border transfers. Under the GDPR, such transfers can take place only if certain conditions apply or if certain data transfer mechanisms are in place. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the E.U. ruled in its Schrems II decision (C-311/18), that the Privacy Shield, a transfer mechanism used by thousands of companies to transfer data between those jurisdictions and United States (and also used by us), was invalid and could no longer be used due to the strength of United States surveillance laws. In September 2020, the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland (where the law has a similar restriction on the export of personal information) issued an opinion concluding that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework does not provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers from Switzerland to the United States pursuant to Switzerland s Federal Act on Data Protection. We and our clients continue to use alternative transfer strategies, including SCCs, while the authorities interpret the Schrems II decision and the validity of alternative data transfer mechanisms. The SCCs, though previously approved by the European Commission, have faced challenges in European courts (including being called into question in the Schrems II decision), and may be further challenged, suspended or invalidated for transfers to some or all countries. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 For example, guidance regarding Schrems II issued by the European Data Protection Board (which is comprised of representatives from every E.U. member state s top data protection authority) have cast serious doubt on the validity of SCCs for most transfers of personal information to the United States. At present, there are few if any viable alternatives to the Privacy Shield and the SCCs, so such developments may necessitate further expenditures on local infrastructure, changes to internal business processes, changes to clients and clients' customer facing solutions, or may otherwise affect or restrict our sales and operations. 
 On June 4, 2021, the European Commission released the final Implementing Decision on SCCs (New SCCs) for the transfer of personal data from the E.U. to third countries such as the US. The New SCCs will repeal and replace the existing SCCs (dating from 2001, 2004 and 2010) and address the entry into force of the GDPR) and the July 2020 decision of the CJEU in Schrems II, which invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield. The New SCCs broadly follow the draft implementing decision on standard contractual clauses (Draft SCCs) issued by the European Commission on November 12, 2020, but there are some material differences. The Draft SCCs significant and extensive new requirements for data importers that act as controllers (for example, obligations to give notice to data subjects and to notify personal data breaches to EU authorities) remain, but have been aligned more closely with the GDPR requirements. While the New SCCs are not immediately in force, compliance with them will be required for new transfer agreements entered into from late September 2021. SCCs then in effect were required to be replaced with the New SCCs by December 27, 2022. 
 E.U. data protection authorities have the power to impose administrative fines for violations of the GDPR of up to a maximum of 20 million or 4 of a corporate family s total worldwide global turnover for the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher. Such penalties are in addition to any civil litigation claims by clients, data subjects or other third parties. We believe that the solutions that we currently offer subject us to the GDPR and other laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, and these may be modified or subject to new or different interpretations in the future. We will need to take steps to address compliance obligations in this rapidly evolving legal environment, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to implement changes in a timely manner or without significant disruption to our business, or that such steps will be effective, and we may face the risk of liability and loss of business. 
 In addition, further to the U.K. exit from the E.U. on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the U.K. at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the U.K. s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain U.K. specific amendments) into U.K. law (referred to as the U.K. GDPR). The U.K. GDPR and the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 set out the U.K. s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the E.U. s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the U.K. GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Like the GDPR, the U.K. GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the U.K. to countries not regarded by the U.K. as providing adequate protection (this means that personal data transfers from the U.K. to the EEA remain free flowing). 
 On June 28, 2021, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision under the GDPR, thereby recognizing that the U.K. s data protection system continues to provide the same protections with respect to personal data as when it was an EU member state, and enabling the continued exchange of personal data between the E.U. and the U.K. The adequacy decision facilitates the implementation of the E.U.-U.K. Trade Cooperation Agreement, which foresaw the need for bilateral data flow and continued cooperation. The adequacy decision does, however, include a sunset clause , limiting its duration to four years, at which point the European Commission will need to once again review the safeguards in place in the U.K. s post-Brexit legal system and decide if the adequacy decision may be renewed. 
 This lack of clarity on future U.K. laws and regulations and their interaction with E.U. laws and regulations could add legal risk, uncertainty, complexity and cost to our handling of E.U. personal information and our privacy and data security compliance programs. It is possible that over time the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 could become less aligned with the GDPR, which could require us to implement different compliance measures for the U.K. and the E.U. and result in potentially enhanced compliance obligations for E.U. personal data. 
 In Asia, there has been an increase in both regulation and enforcement of privacy laws. The Act on Protection of Personal Information originally enacted in June 2020 by the Japanese government, was amended and came into effect on April 1, 2022 (Amended APPI). Since the passage of the Amended APPI, a number of implementing regulations and supporting documents have been released, addressing the requirements for transferring personal data outside Japan, notifying security breaches and creating pseudonymous information exempt from certain obligations under the Amended APPI. We have taken steps to address compliance obligations that apply to us under the Amended APPI, but cannot assure you that such steps will be effective, and we may face the risk of increased costs, liability and loss of business. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 China (home to the most online users in the world), is one of the latest countries to pass a new omnibus privacy law. China passed its new Data Security Law (DSL) in June 2021 and its new Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) in August 2021. The DSL applies to a wide range of data processing activities including, but not limited to, processing personal information. With extraterritorial scope and severe fines and penalties, these laws are set to impose an increasingly complex and comprehensive legal framework for processing personal information when doing business in China. The PIPL is enforced and administered by the Cyberspace Administration of China and relevant state and local government departments. The law draws from the GDPR, with heavy penalties up to the greater of 5 of the previous year s revenue (possibly global) or 7.7 million. Chinese authorities have demonstrated a willingness to impose significant fines for violations of PIPL and other privacy laws, as evidenced by recent enforcement actions against Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Didi Global Inc. in 2022. 
 As a reaction to data security concerns, the Australian parliament recently approved a bill to amend the country's privacy legislation, significantly increasing the maximum penalties for companies and data controllers who suffer large-scale data breaches to the greater of: (i) AU 50 million, (ii) three times the value of any benefit obtained through the misuse of information, and (iii) 30 of a company's adjusted turnover in the relevant period. Previously, the penalty for severe data exposures was AU 2.22 million, considered by the current parliament to be wholly inadequate to incentivize companies to improve their data security mechanisms. The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner will have new regulatory tools and flexibility that should, together with an ongoing focus on funding, see a more proactive regulator with capacity and capability to investigate and litigate more privacy incidents in Australia. 
 We have taken steps to address compliance obligations that apply to us under the Amended APPI, the DSL, the PIPL and applicable Australian regulations, but cannot assure you that such steps will be effective, and we may face the risk of increased costs, liability and loss of business. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that, if adopted, may apply to us, or which clients or clients' customers may require us to adopt. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, regulations, rules, and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations, and other actual or alleged legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our solutions. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal, or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse publicity, and could cause our clients and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, consumer communications, and information security, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations, and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws or regulations could impair our ability to develop and market new functionality and maintain and grow our client base and increase revenue. Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing, or disclosure of data, or additional requirements for express or implied consent of our clients, partners, or end users for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to incur additional costs or modify our solutions, possibly in a material manner, and could limit our ability to develop new functionality. 
 If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations, or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain solutions, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect the growth of our business. Furthermore, any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our operating results. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, U.S. domestic bribery laws, and other anti-corruption laws. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public sector. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. We 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 maintain operations and serve clients in several countries around the world. Although we do not target government entities as clients, some of our clients may receive funding or other support from local, state, provincial or national governments. As we maintain and seek to increase our international cross-border business and expand operations abroad, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our FlyMates, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 While we maintain policies and training programs for our FlyMates related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and gift giving, and include representations regarding legal compliance in our contracts with vendors and strategic partners, there can be no assurances that these policies, training programs or contractual provisions will be observed or enforceable. We cannot assure you that all of our FlyMates and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international business, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties, injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas are received or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 In February 2022, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States and other countries announced sanctions against Russia. The sanctions announced by the United States and other countries against Russia to date include restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions, travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business and financial organizations in Russia, severing Russia s largest bank from the U.S. financial system, barring some Russian enterprises from raising money in the U.S. market and blocking the access of Russian banks to financial markets. The United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. While it is difficult to anticipate the impact the sanctions announced to date may have on us, any further sanctions imposed or actions taken by the United States or other countries, and any retaliatory measures by Russia in response, could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws, the domain name dispute resolution mechanism, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights, and the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We do not have patents covering any of our technology and do not actively pursue patents. Any of our trademarks, or other intellectual property rights may be challenged or circumvented by others, or narrowed or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. There can be no guarantee that others will not independently develop similar solutions or duplicate any of our solutions. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our solutions and use information that we regard as proprietary to create solutions that compete with ours. 
 We pursue registration of copyrights, trademarks, and domain names in the United States and in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, but doing so may not always be successful or cost-effective. We may be unable or, in some instances, choose not to obtain legal protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our solutions from those of our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective intellectual property protection and mechanisms may be uncertain or unavailable in those jurisdictions. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property in such countries, and the 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Particularly given the international nature of the Internet, the rate of growth of the Internet, and the ease of registering new domain names, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or take prompt enforcement action. 
 We endeavor to enter into agreements with our FlyMates, consultants and contractors and with parties with whom we do business in order to acquire intellectual property rights developed as a result of service to us, as well as to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. No assurance can be given that our intellectual property related agreements with our FlyMates, consultants, contractors clients, their customers, or strategic partners and others will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our solutions and proprietary information, potentially resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and other intellectual property, including to our competitors, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage resulting from this intellectual property. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our solutions. In addition, individuals not subject to invention assignment agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property. 
 To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor, protect and defend these rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our solutions, delay introductions of new features, integrations, and capabilities, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our solutions, or injure our reputation. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new features, integrations, and capabilities, and we cannot be certain that we could license that technology on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our inability to license this technology could harm our ability to compete. 
 We may in the future be subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 
 We may in the future become subject to intellectual property disputes. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management s time and attention. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot assure you that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. During litigation, we may become subject to provisional rulings, including preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle legal disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Furthermore, such disputes, even those without merit, may subject us to an unfavorable judgment that we may not choose to appeal or that may not be reversed upon appeal. In such a situation, we could be required to pay substantial damages or license fees to third party patent owners. In addition, we may also be required to modify, redesign, reengineer, or rebrand our solutions, or stop making, licensing, or providing solutions that incorporate the asserted intellectual property. Alternatively, we may enter into a license agreement to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party s rights. If we are required, or choose to enter into, royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we may also be contractually obligated to indemnify our clients in the event of infringement of a third party s intellectual property rights. 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to offer and sell access to our solutions and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We use open source software in our solutions and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. There are uncertainties regarding the proper interpretation of and compliance with open source licenses, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to use such open source software, and consequently to provide or distribute our solutions. Although use of open source software has historically been free, recently several open source providers have begun to charge license fees for use of their software. If our current open source providers were to begin to charge for these licenses or increase their license fees significantly, this would increase our research and development costs and have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, we may from time to time face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, an open source license, including by demanding release of source code for the open source software, derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using, or that is distributed with, such open source software. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 These claims could also result in litigation and could require us to make our proprietary software source code freely available, require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our solutions or incur additional costs and expenses, any of which could result in reputational harm and would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the open source software we utilize change, we may be forced to reengineer our solutions or incur additional costs to comply with the changed license terms or to replace the affected open source software. Further, use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software or indemnification for third party infringement claims. Although we have implemented policies to regulate the use and incorporation of open source software into our solutions, we cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our solutions in a manner that is inconsistent with such policies. 
 Indemnity and liability provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement, data protection, and other losses. 
 Our agreements with some of our technology partners and certain clients include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, data protection, damages caused by us to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our solutions or other contractual obligations. Some of these indemnity agreements provide for uncapped liability and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may incur substantial liability, and we may be required to cease use of certain functions of our solutions, as a result of intellectual property related claims. Any dispute with a client or technology partner with respect to these obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that client or technology partner and other existing or new clients or technology partners, and harm our business and operating results. In addition, although we carry insurance, our insurance may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed, or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of client or clients' customer data, and any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 The U.K. s departure from the E.U. could adversely affect us. 
 The U.K. formally exited the E.U. on January 31, 2020 and a transition period was in place until December 31, 2020 during which time the U.K. remained in both the E.U. customs union and single market and was subject to E.U. rules. There continues to be a significant lack of clarity over the terms of the U.K. s future relationship with the E.U. in the future. 
 Brexit could therefore adversely affect U.K., regional (including European), and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign currency exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British Pound and Euro, which in turn could adversely affect us or our clients and companies with which we do business, particularly in the U.K. Brexit could lead to greater restrictions on travel between the U.K. and the EEA region, with the potential inability of students to travel or relocate for purposes of seeking foreign educational opportunities. Brexit could also trigger a general deterioration in credit conditions, a downturn in consumer sentiment, and overall negative economic growth. Any of these scenarios could have an adverse effect on our business or our clients. 
 In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and increased complexity for financial services firms as national laws and regulations in the U.K. start to diverge from E.U. laws and regulations. In particular, depending on the terms of Brexit, we may face new regulatory costs and challenges, including the following: 
 if we are unable to utilize appropriate authorizations and regulatory permissions, our European operations could lose their ability to offer services into the U.K. market on a cross-border basis and for our U.K. based operations to offer services on a cross-border basis in the European markets; 

we could be required to obtain additional regulatory permissions to operate in the U.K. market, adding costs and potential inconsistency to our business. Depending on the capacity of the U.K. authorities, the criteria for obtaining permission, and any possible transitional arrangements, our business in the U.K. could be materially affected or disrupted; 

we could be required to comply with legal and regulatory requirements in the U.K. that are in addition to, or inconsistent with, those of the E.U., leading to increased complexity and costs for our European and U.K. operations; and 

our ability to attract and retain the necessary human resources in appropriate locations to support our U.K. and European business could be adversely impacted. 

61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 These and other factors related to Brexit could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 New or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense. 
 As a multinational organization, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws, the application, interpretation and enforcement of which can be uncertain. Changes in tax laws or their interpretations could result in changes to enacted tax rates and may require complex computations to be performed that were not previously required, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the new or revised tax regulations and significant estimates in calculations, as well as the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. Future changes in enacted tax rates could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 For example, the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 includes a minimum tax equal to fifteen percent of the adjusted financial statement income of certain corporations as well as a one percent excise tax on share buybacks, effective for tax years beginning in 2023. When effective, it is possible that the minimum tax could result in an additional tax liability over the regular federal corporate tax liability in a given year based on differences between book and taxable income (including as a result of temporary differences). 
 The vast majority of states have considered or adopted laws that impose tax collection obligations on out-of-state companies. States where we have nexus may require us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdiction. Additionally, the Supreme Court of the United States recently ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. et al (Wayfair) that online sellers can be required to collect sales and use tax despite not having a physical presence in the buyer s state. In response to Wayfair, or otherwise, states or local governments may enforce laws requiring us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdictions. We may be obligated to collect and remit sales and use tax in states in which we have not collected and remitted sales and use tax. A successful assertion by one or more states requiring us to collect taxes where we historically have not or presently do not do so could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest. The imposition by state governments or local governments of sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers could also create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a perceived competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Relevant foreign taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to whether we have established a taxable nexus, often referred to as a permanent establishment , or the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. In addition, these authorities may take aggressive tax recovery positions that the funds flows we process are subject to value added tax or goods and services tax. If disagreements with relevant taxing authorities on other unknown matters were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. 
 Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. We have recognized estimated liabilities on the balance sheet for material known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. These liabilities reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. While we believe that the liabilities are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial amount no more than any related liability. An unfavorable resolution, therefore, could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses (NOL) to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal NOL carryforwards of approximately 119.2 million and state NOL carryforwards of approximately 165.0 million. The federal and material state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2030 and 2024, respectively. In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes such as research tax credits to offset future taxable income. An ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Code generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of the company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. If it is determined that we have in the past experienced an ownership change including, but not limited to, as a result of our initial public offering (IPO), or if we undergo one or more ownership changes as a result of future transactions in our stock, then our ability to utilize NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes could be limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 or 383 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs, even if we were to achieve profitability. 
 During 2022, we completed a Section 382 study from January 1, 2010, the first day of the first taxable year that we had NOL carryforwards, through June 30, 2021. During this period, we underwent two ownership changes for Section 382 purposes. The ownership changes occurred on June 29, 2011 (the June 2011 Change) and July 12, 2013 (the July 2013 Change) as result of our issuance and sale of preferred stock. Approximately 14.9 million of NOLs were generated through December 31, 2013. As a result of the ownership changes, all of Flywire's NOLs as of the June 2011 Change and the July 2013 Change are subject to limitation under Section 382, of which 1.6 million NOLs will expire unutilized, assuming sufficient taxable income is generated in the future. Additionally, we completed a Section 382 study for Simplee which we acquired in February 2020. The study was completed for the periods from August 26, 2010, the inception of Simplee, through February 13, 2020, the date that we acquired Simplee. During this period, Simplee underwent four ownership changes. The ownership changes occurred on October 27, 2010, April 13, 2011, May 10, 2012 (the May 2012 Change), all in connection with the issuance and sale of preferred stock, and February 13, 2020 (the February 2020 Change), in connection with its complete acquisition by Flywire. Approximately 35.7 million of NOLs were generated through February 13, 2020. As a result of the ownership changes, all of Simplee s NOLs as of the May 2012 Change and the February 2020 Change are subject to limitation under Section 382, of which 0.2 million NOLs will expire unutilized, assuming sufficient taxable income is generated in the future. 
 Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017 (Tax Act) as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act enacted in 2020 (CARES Act), U.S. federal NOL carryforwards generated in taxable periods beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such NOL carryforwards in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of taxable income. In addition, federal NOLs arising in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but carryback is generally prohibited. NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 will not be subject to the taxable income limitation, and NOLs generated in tax years ending before January 1, 2018 will continue to have a two-year carryback and twenty-year carryforward period. Deferred tax assets for NOLs will need to be measured at the applicable tax rate in effect when the NOL is expected to be utilized. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The changes in the carryforward/carryback periods as well as the new limitation on use of NOLs may significantly impact our valuation allowance assessments for NOLs generated after December 31, 2017. 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 As a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, and if we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank), the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq), and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. It may require significant resources and management oversight to maintain and, if necessary, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. To comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which would increase our costs and expenses. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As a large accelerated filer, we are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (Section 404), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to issue an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. Furthermore, we will also have to file a more expansive proxy statement and are subject to shorter filing deadlines, which will require additional time and expense as well. 
 An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we have undertaken and may need to continue to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures, hiring risk professionals, accounting and internal audit staff, and engaging outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. 
 We are actively engaged in the costly and challenging process of performing the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control, including as a result of a material weakness, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 
 Increased scrutiny from investors and others or changes in regulations regarding our environmental, social, governance, or sustainability responsibilities could result in additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of partners, clients or our clients customers to do business with us. 
 Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, other market participants, stockholders, and consumer groups have focused increasingly on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) or sustainability practices of companies. These parties have placed increased importance on the implications of the social cost of their investments. We have convened a cross-functional working group to further enhance our commitment to sustainability and ESG, and recognize the importance of communicating our progress on ESG to our stakeholders. As part of its responsibilities, our ESG working group is assessing opportunities for communicating progress on our priority initiatives. However, if our ESG practices do not meet (or are viewed as not meeting) investor or other industry stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and employee retention may be negatively impacted, including based on an assessment of our ESG practices. Any sustainability report that we publish or sustainability disclosure we make may include our policies and practices on a variety of social and ethical matters, including corporate governance, community involvement, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, cybersecurity and privacy, human capital management, and workforce equity, inclusion and diversity. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various ESG practices. Also, our failure, or perceived failure, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosure could negatively impact our reputation, employee retention, and the willingness of our partners, clients or our clients customers to do business with us. 
 In addition, increasing governmental interest in, and public awareness of, the impacts and effects of climate change and greater emphasis on sustainability by federal, state, and international governments could lead to further regulatory 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 efforts to address the carbon impact of housing and travel. In particular, the current regulatory landscape regarding climate change (including disclosure requirements and requirements regarding energy and water use and efficiency), both within the United States and in many other locations where we operate worldwide, is evolving at a pace, and is likely to continue to develop in ways, that require our business to adapt. Many U.S. states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun to address greenhouse gas emissions, including disclosure requirements relating thereto, and some U.S. states have also adopted various ESG-related efforts, initiatives and requirements. As a result, governments may enact new laws and regulations and/or view matters or interpret laws and regulations differently than they have in the past, including laws and regulations which are responsive to ESG trends or otherwise seek to reduce the carbon emissions relating to travel and set minimum energy efficiency requirements, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The legislative landscape continues to be in a state of constant change as well as legal challenge with respect to these laws and regulations, making it difficult to predict with certainty the ultimate impact they will have on our business in the aggregate. 
 We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, which we expect to further increase in 2023 as a result of becoming a large accelerated filer. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Dodd-Frank, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements and interacting with public company investors and securities analysts. These new obligations and constituents require significant attention from our management team and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 An active or liquid market in our common stock may not be sustainable. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 

our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 

delays in the roll out of new solutions; 

changes in our projected operating results that we provide to the public, our failure to meet these projections or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 

regulatory actions with respect to our payment solutions; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

the level of expenses related to our solutions; 

announcements of acquisitions, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other intellectual property or proprietary rights; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry, including conditions resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

political or social unrest, war or other military conflict, including an escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

variations in our financial results or the financial results of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

financing or other corporate transactions, or inability to obtain additional funding; 

changes in the structure of payment systems; 

effects of ongoing United States-China diplomatic and trade friction; 

trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock; 

the expiration of market standoff or contractual lock-up agreements; 

the size of our market float; and 

any other factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. 

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. 
 Concerns over economic recession, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest rate increases and inflation, supply chain delays and disruptions, policy priorities of the U.S. presidential administration and Congress, trade wars, unemployment, or prolonged government shutdown may contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets. Additionally, concern over geopolitical issues may also contribute to prolonged market volatility and instability. For example, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions have imposed severe economic sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests, have removed Russia from the SWIFT system, and have threatened additional sanctions and controls. The full impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is unknown. 
 Stock prices of many companies, and technology companies in particular, have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our intellectual property on unfavorable terms to us. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue, we may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, government or private party grants, debt financings and strategic partnership agreements. We may seek additional capital through a variety of means, including through strategic partnership arrangements, public or private equity or debt financings, third-party funding and marketing and distribution arrangements, as well as other strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or any combination of these approaches. However, disruptions in the capital markets, particularly with respect to financial technology companies, could make any financing more challenging, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation preferences or other rights, powers or preferences that may adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. To the extent that debt financing is available, and we choose to raise additional capital in the form of debt, such debt financing may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional capital pursuant to collaborations, licensing arrangements or other strategic partnerships, such agreements may require us to relinquish rights to our technologies. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing or through collaborations or strategic partnerships when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate the development of our solutions or commercialization efforts. 
 We may allocate our cash and cash equivalents in ways that you and other stockholders may not approve. 
 Our management has broad discretion in the application of our cash and cash equivalents. Because of the number and variability of factors that determine our use of our cash and cash equivalents, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our management might not apply cash and cash equivalents in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business. Pending their use, we may invest our cash and cash equivalents in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. If we do not invest or apply our cash and cash equivalents in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The price of our common stock could decline if there are substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or if there is a large number of shares of our common stock available for sale and the market perceives that sales will occur. We had a total of 107,472,980 shares of our voting common stock and 1,873,320 shares of our non-voting common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Other than shares held by directors, executive officers and other affiliates that are subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and various vesting agreements, these shares of common stock generally are freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act. 
 Certain of our stockholders will have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or our stockholders, subject to market standoff and lock-up agreements. We registered shares of common stock that we have issued and may issue under our equity incentive plans. These shares will be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance, subject to securities laws. 
 The market price of the shares of our common stock could decline as a result of the sale of a substantial number of our shares of common stock in the public market or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 
 The concentration of our stock ownership will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters, including the ability to influence the outcome of director elections and other matters requiring stockholder approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our current executive officers, directors and the holders of more than 5 of our outstanding voting and non-voting common stock, in the aggregate, beneficially owned a significant percentage of our outstanding voting and non-voting common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will have significant influence over all matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. Corporate actions might be taken even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our senior secured revolving credit syndication loan currently prohibits us from paying dividends on our equity securities, and any future debt financing arrangement may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. Therefore, the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our entire board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors or our chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, which may inhibit the ability of an acquiror to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. A Delaware corporation may opt out of this provision by express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or by amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws approved by its stockholders. However, we have not opted out of this provision. 
 These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our common stock and limit opportunities for you to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or FlyMates. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides further that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These choices of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other FlyMates and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive-forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Boston, Massachusetts, where we occupy facilities totaling approximately 16,419 square feet under a lease that expires in March 2024. We use these facilities for administration, finance, legal, compliance, human resources, global payments, IT, sales and marketing, engineering, and customer success. 
 We maintain other leased locations in the United States and throughout the world. We intend to procure additional space as we add FlyMates and expand geographically. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including patent, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower, and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material, individually or in the aggregate, to our business or consolidated financial statements. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our voting common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FLYW. Our non-voting common stock is not listed on any stock exchange nor traded on any public market. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 6, 2023, there were 49 holders of record of our voting common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. As of March 6, 2023, there was 1 holder of record of our non-voting common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit syndication loan restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued, subject to certain vesting requirements, under our existing equity compensation plans, including our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, which was adopted in 2009 and amended and restated in 2011 (as amended and restated, the 2009 Plan), our 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (2018 Plan), 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (2021 Plan) and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). 

A 

B 

C 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (A) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

15,095,002 
 
 (1) 
 
 6.25 
 
 (2) 
 
 14,434,047 
 
 (3) 

(1) Of these shares, 2,934,442 were underlying then outstanding restricted stock units and 728,187 were subject to options then outstanding under the 2021 Plan; 8,645,351 were subject to options then outstanding under the 2018 Plan; and 2,787,022 were subject to options then outstanding under the 2009 Plan. 
 (2) Does not take into account restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. 
 (3) Represents 11,815,329 shares of common stock available for issuance under our 2021 Plan and 2,618,718 shares of common stock available for issuance under our ESPP. No shares are available for future issuance under our 2009 Plan or 2018 Plan. Our 2021 Plan provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each fiscal year equal to the lower of: (a) 5 of the total number of shares of common stock and non-voting common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year; or (b) such other amount as our board of directors may determine. Our ESPP provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each fiscal year equal to the least of: (x) 2,000,000 shares; (y) 1 of the shares of common stock and non-voting common stock issued and outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year; or (z) the number of shares determined by our board of directors. On January 1, 2023, an additional 5,465,046 shares became available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan and an additional 1,093,009 shares became available for future issuance under the ESPP. The additional shares from the annual increase on January 1, 2023 are not included in the table above. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from May 26, 2021, the first day of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the S P 500 Index and S P 500 IT Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100.00 at the close of trading on May 26, 2021 and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. The performance shown in the graph below is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 It em 6. [Reserved] 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Our fiscal year end is December 31, and our fiscal quarters end on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. 
 Overview 
 Flywire is a leading global payments enablement and software company. Our next-gen payments platform, proprietary global payment network and vertical-specific software help our clients get paid and help their customers pay with ease no matter where they are in the world. Our clients rely on us for integrated solutions that are both global and local, and combine tailored invoicing, flexible payment options, and highly personalized omni-channel experiences. We believe we make generational advances for our clients by transforming payments into a source of value and growth for their organizations while delighting their customers with payment experiences that are engaging, secure, fast, and transparent. 
 Our Flywire Advantage is derived from three core elements: (i) our next-gen payments platform; (ii) our proprietary global payment network; and (iii) our vertical-specific software backed by our deep industry expertise. With our Flywire Advantage , we aim to power the transformation of our clients accounts receivable functions by automating paper and check-based business processes in addition to creating interactive, digital payment experiences for their customers. As a result, clients who implement our payments and software solutions can see increased digital payments and improved accounts receivable, higher enrollment in payment plans, and a reduction in customer support inquiries. We help our clients turn their accounts receivable functions into strategic, value-enhancing areas of their organizations. 
 We reach clients through various channels, with our direct channel being our primary go-to-market strategy. Our industry-experienced sales and relationship management teams bring expertise and local reach, and our solution combines high-tech and high-touch functions backed by 24x7 multilingual customer support, resulting in high client and customer satisfaction. In addition, the value of our Flywire Advantage has been recognized, with global financial institutions and technology providers choosing to form channel partnerships with us. These partnerships promote organic referral and lead generation opportunities and enhance our indirect sales strategy. 
 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 

The combination of our differentiated solution and efficient go-to-market strategy has resulted in strong and consistent client growth. 
 Rapid domestic and international payments volume growth . We have grown our total payment volume by approximately 37 period-over-period from 13.2 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 18.1 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have grown our total payment volume by approximately 76 period-over-period from 7.5 billion during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 13.2 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Expanded global payments network . We have continued to add to the capabilities of our payment network by means of new local bank accounts and payment partners, and have expanded our global reach to over 240 countries and territories and more than 140 currencies. 

Enjoyable and personalized user experience . Our NPS score of 62 in fiscal year 2022 demonstrates a strong affinity among our clients for our platform. 

Strong dollar-based net retention . For the year ended December 31, 2022, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 124 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 140 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clients and the industries we serve, our annual net dollar-based retention rate was approximately 100 . We calculate the annual net dollar-based retention rate for a given year based on the weighted average of the quarterly net dollar-based retention rates for each quarter in that year. We calculate the quarterly net dollar-based retention rate for a given quarter by dividing the revenue we earned in that quarter by the revenue we earned from the same clients in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Our calculation of quarterly net dollar-based revenue rate for a given quarter only includes revenue from clients that were clients at the beginning of the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 

As of December 31, 2022, we serve over 3,100 clients around the world. In education, we serve more than 2,300 institutions. In healthcare, we power more than 80 healthcare systems, including four of the top 10 healthcare systems in 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the United States ranked by hospital size as of December 31, 2022. In our newer payment verticals of travel and B2B payments, we have a growing portfolio of more than 600 clients as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our success in building our client base around the world and expanding utilization by our clients customers has allowed us to achieve significant scale. We enabled approximately 18.1 billion and 13.2 billion in total payment volume during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We generated revenue of 289.4 million, 201.1 million and 131.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and incurred net losses of 39.3 million, 28.1 million, and 11.1 million for those same years. 
 We believe that the growth of our business and our operating results will be dependent upon many factors, including our ability to add new clients, expand the usage of our solutions by our existing clients and their customers, and increase the breadth and depth of our payments and software capabilities by adding new solutions. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. 
 While we have experienced significant growth and increased demand for our solutions over recent periods, we expect to continue to incur losses in the short term and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Our marketing is focused on generating leads to develop our sales pipeline, building our brand and market awareness, scaling our network of partners and growing our business from our existing client base. We believe that these efforts will result in an increase in our client base, revenues, and improved margins in the long term. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our IT and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Additionally, we face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer solutions that are differentiated from legacy payment solutions. We must also effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. There are also circumstances beyond our control which can materially impact our business that we need to respond to, including, but not limited to, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and fluctuations in exchange rates. If we are unable to successfully address these challenges, our business, operating results, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On May 28, 2021, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 12,006,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 24.00 per share, which included 1,566,000 shares of common stock issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. We received 263.8 million in net proceeds from the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 19.4 million and other offering costs of 4.9 million. 
 Recent Acquisition 
 In July 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Cohort Go for an estimated aggregate purchase consideration of 23.1 million, consisting of 17.1 million in cash, net of cash acquired, 4.3 million in shares of common stock and up to 1.7 million in contingent consideration. Contingent consideration represents additional payments that Flywire may be required to make in the future dependent upon Cohort Go's achievement of specific post-acquisition milestones. Contingent consideration will be settled at various intervals through May 2023 in the form of cash or shares of common stock at our option upon completion of the post-acquisition milestones and is subject to exchange rate fluctuation adjustment between the U.S. Dollar and Australian Dollar. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had paid 0.5 million in contingent consideration based on Cohort Go's successful and timely achievement of contracted milestones. Cohort Go is an Australian-based education payments provider that simplifies the student recruitment process by bringing together students, agents and essential student services such as health insurance into one platform. The acquisition of Cohort Go accelerated the growth of Flywire's agent related revenue and contributed to our global expansion. Cohort Go contributed 6.4 million in transaction revenue and 3.3 million in platform revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In December 2021, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of WPM for a purchase consideration of 59.6 million including 56.1 million of cash consideration, net of cash acquired and the estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 3.5 million. The contingent consideration is payable at various intervals through March 2024 in the form of cash or up to approximately 225,000 shares of common stock at our option and is dependent upon our achievement of specified minimum payment volume targets and integration targets established for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had paid 0.4 million in contingent consideration related to the completion of integration targets. There was no contingent consideration paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. WPM is a leading software provider that enables seamless and secure payment experiences for universities and colleges 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 across the U.K. The acquisition of WPM was intended to build on our existing education payments business and is expected to further accelerate our market share in the U.K. education sector. WPM contributed 6.4 million and 0.3 million in platform revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In February 2020, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Simplee for a purchase consideration of 86.5 million, which consisted of 79.4 million in cash, net of cash acquired and 7.1 million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. Contingent consideration, which totaled up to 20.0 million was payable at various intervals provided that the Company retained key clients and achieved certain revenue and integration targets established for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. During March 2022, we made the final payment of contingent consideration in the amount of 7.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid 7.0 million in contingent consideration. There was no contingent consideration paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. No additional contingent consideration is due or payable with respect to the Simplee acquisition. Simplee is a provider of healthcare payment and collection software. Simplee contributed 41.8 million, 41.9 million and 34.1 million in platform revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Revenue Model 
 We derive revenue from transactions and platform and usage-based fees. 
 Transaction revenue is earned from payment processing services provided to our clients. The fee earned on each transaction consists of a rate applied to the total payment value of the transaction, which can vary based on the payment method currency pair conversion and the geographic region in which our client and the clients customer resides. We also earn revenue from marketing fees from credit card service providers for marketing arrangements in which we perform certain marketing activities which we consider to be ancillary to the solutions we provide to our clients. 
 Platform and usage-based fee revenue includes (i) fees earned for the utilization of our payment platform to optimize cash collections, (ii) fees collected on payment plans established by our clients on our payment platform, (iii) subscription fees and (iv) fees related to printing and mailing services which we consider to be ancillary to the solutions we provide to our clients. 
 Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), we use certain non-GAAP financials measures. The following table sets forth our key operating metrics and non-GAAP measures for the periods presented: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Total Payment Volume 

18,078.5 

13,201.3 

7,513.3 

Revenue 

289.4 

201.1 

131.8 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

267.1 

181.1 

114.6 

Gross Profit 

174.9 

125.2 

79.5 

Adjusted Gross Profit 

181.9 

129.7 

83.2 

Gross Margin 

60.4 

62.3 

60.3 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

68.1 

71.6 

72.6 

Net Loss 

(39.3) 

(28.1) 

(11.1) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

14.9 

22.8 

6.2 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 77.5 and 22.5 of our revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 83.2 and 16.8 of our total revenue less ancillary services, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 73.6 and 26.4 of our revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 80.7 and 19.3 of our total revenue less ancillary services, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 68.0 and 32.0 of our revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, transaction revenue 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and platform and usage-based fee revenue represented 77.0 and 23.0 of our total revenue less ancillary services, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our total payment volume was approximately 18.1 billion, consisting of 12.1 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in transaction revenue and 6.0 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in platform and usage-based fee revenue. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our total payment volume was approximately 13.2 billion, consisting of 8.4 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in transaction revenue and 4.8 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in platform and usage-based fee revenue. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, our total payment volume was approximately 7.5 billion, consisting of 4.7 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in transaction revenue and 2.8 billion of total payment volume from transactions included in platform and usage-based fee revenue. 
 Total Payment Volume 
 To grow revenue from clients we must facilitate the use of our payment platform by our clients to process the amounts paid to them by their customers. The more our clients use our platform and rely upon our features to automate their payments, the more payment volume is processed on our solution. This metric provides an important indication of the value of the transactions that our clients customers are completing on our payment platform and is an indicator of our ability to generate revenue from our clients. We define total payment volume as the total amount paid to our clients on our payments platform in a given period. 
 Revenue Less Ancillary Services, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement financial information presented on a GAAP basis. We believe that excluding certain items from our GAAP results allows management to better understand our consolidated financial performance from period to period and better project our future consolidated financial performance as forecasts are developed at a level of detail different from that used to prepare GAAP-based financial measures. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide our stakeholders with useful information to help them evaluate our operating results by facilitating an enhanced understanding of our operating performance and enabling them to make more meaningful period to period comparisons. There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented here. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 We use supplemental measures of our performance which are derived from our consolidated financial information, but which are not presented in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures include the following: 
 Revenue Less Ancillary Services - Revenue Less Ancillary Services represents our consolidated revenue in accordance with GAAP less (i) pass-through cost for printing and mailing services and (ii) marketing fees. We exclude these amounts to arrive at this supplemental non-GAAP financial measure as we view these services as ancillary to the primary services we provide to our clients. 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services at Constant Currency - Revenue Less Ancillary Services at Constant Currency represents Revenue Less Ancillary Services adjusted to show presentation on a constant currency basis. The constant currency information presented is calculated by translating current period results using prior period weighted average foreign currency exchange rates. We analyze Revenue Less Ancillary Services on a constant currency basis to provide a comparable framework for assessing how the business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. 

Adjusted Gross Profit - Adjusted Gross Profit represents Revenue Less Ancillary Services, less cost of revenue adjusted to (i) exclude pass-through cost for printing services, (ii) offset marketing fees against costs incurred and (iii) exclude depreciation and amortization, including accelerated amortization on the impairment of customer set-up costs tied to technology integration. Management believes this presentation supplements the GAAP presentation of gross profit with a useful measure of the gross profit of our payment-related services, which are the primary services we provide to our clients. 

77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Adjusted Gross Margin - Adjusted Gross Margin represents Adjusted Gross Profit divided by Revenue Less Ancillary Services. Management believes this presentation supplements the GAAP presentation of gross margin with a useful measure of the gross margin of our payment-related services, which are the primary services we provide to our clients. Beginning with the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we have excluded depreciation and amortization from the calculation of our adjusted gross profit, which we believe enhances the understanding of the Company s operating performance and enables more meaningful period to period comparisons. Our adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross profit margin for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were recast to conform to the updated methodology and are reflected herein for comparison purposes. 

Adjusted EBITDA - Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA further adjusted by excluding (i) stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, (ii) the impact from the change in fair value measurement for contingent consideration associated with acquisitions, (iii) the impact from the change in fair value measurement of our preferred stock warrants prior to our IPO, (iv) other income (expense), net, (v) indirect taxes related to intercompany activity (vi) acquisition related transaction costs and (vii) employee retention costs, such as incentive compensation, associated with acquisition activities. Management believes that the exclusion of these amounts to calculate Adjusted EBITDA provides useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our business. 

These non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered as indicators of performance in isolation from or as a substitute for revenue, gross margin or net loss prepared in accordance with GAAP and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. Reconciliations of Revenue Less Ancillary Services, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are presented below. We encourage you to review these reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures for each of the periods presented. In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur income and expenses similar to these excluded items. 
 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The tables below provide reconciliations of Revenue Less Ancillary Services, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable GAAP figure on a consolidated basis for the periods presented. 
 Revenue Less Ancillary Services, Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

289.4 

201.1 

131.8 

Adjusted to exclude gross up for: 

Pass-through cost for printing and mailing 

(20.4) 

(18.2) 

(15.8) 

Marketing fees 

(1.9) 

(1.8) 

(1.4) 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

267.1 

181.1 

114.6 

Payment processing services costs 

107.9 

70.2 

47.8 

Hosting and amortization costs within technology and development expenses 

6.6 

5.7 

4.5 

Cost of Revenue 

114.5 

75.9 

52.3 

Adjusted to: 

Exclude printing and mailing costs 

(20.4) 

(18.2) 

(15.8) 

Offset marketing fees against related costs 

(1.9) 

(1.8) 

(1.4) 

Exclude depreciation and amortization 

(7.0) 

(4.5) 

(3.7) 

Adjusted Cost of Revenue 

85.2 

51.4 

31.4 

Gross Profit 

174.9 

125.2 

79.5 

Gross Margin 

60.4 

62.3 

60.3 

Adjusted Gross Profit 

181.9 

129.7 

83.2 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

68.1 

71.6 

72.6 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

Growth Rate 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

GAAP revenue 

289.4 

201.1 

43.9 

Ancillary services 

22.3 

20.0 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

267.1 

181.1 

47.5 

Effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations 

14.2 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services at constant currency 

281.3 

181.1 

55.3 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Transaction 

Platform and Usage-Based Fee 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revenue 

224.2 

65.2 

289.4 

Adjusted to exclude gross up for: 

Pass-through cost for printing and mailing 

(20.4) 

(20.4) 

Marketing fees 

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

222.3 

44.8 

267.1 

Percentage of Revenue 

77.5 

22.5 

100.0 

Percentage of Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

83.2 

16.8 

100.0 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Transaction 

Platform and Usage-Based Fee 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

148.0 

53.1 

201.1 

Adjusted to exclude gross up for: 

Pass-through cost for printing and mailing 

(18.2) 

(18.2) 

Marketing fees 

(1.8) 

(1.8) 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

146.2 

34.9 

181.1 

Percentage of Revenue 

73.6 

26.4 

100.0 

Percentage of Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

80.7 

19.3 

100.0 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Transaction 

Platform and Usage-Based Fee 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Revenue 

89.6 

42.2 

131.8 

Adjusted to exclude gross up for: 

Pass-through cost for printing and mailing 

(15.8) 

(15.8) 

Marketing fees 

(1.4) 

(1.4) 

Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

88.2 

26.4 

114.6 

Percentage of Revenue 

68.0 

32.0 

100.0 

Percentage of Revenue Less Ancillary Services 

77.0 

23.0 

100.0 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

(39.3) 

(28.1) 

(11.1) 

Interest expense 

1.2 

2.0 

2.5 

Provision for income taxes 

2.0 

2.2 

(7.2) 

Depreciation and amortization 

14.1 

9.0 

6.8 

EBITDA 

(22.0) 

(14.9) 

(9.0) 

Stock-based compensation expense and related taxes 

31.2 

18.9 

3.8 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(2.8) 

2.3 

5.4 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

10.8 

0.7 

Other (income) expense, net (1) 

5.9 

(0.1) 

(0.7) 

Indirect taxes related to intercompany activity 

0.4 

0.9 

Acquisition related transaction costs (2) 

0.8 

0.7 

1.5 

Acquisition related employee retention costs (3) 

1.4 

4.2 

4.5 

Adjusted EBITDA 

14.9 

22.8 

6.2 

(1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, other (income) expense, net consisted of (3.2) million of interest income and 9.1 million of losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other (income) expense, net consisted of 0.1) million of gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. For the year ended December 31, 2020, other (income) expense, net consisted of (0.1) million of interest income and (0.6) million of gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. 

(2) Acquisition related transaction costs consisted of legal and advisory fees incurred in connection with the Cohort Go, WPM and Simplee acquisitions. 

(3) Acquisition related employee retention costs consisted of costs incurred to retain and compensate WPM and Simplee's employees in connection with integration of the business. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Increased Utilization by Our Clients and Their Customers 
 Our ability to monetize our payments platform and global payment network is an important part of our business model. Today, we charge a fee based on the total payment volume we process on behalf of our clients. Our revenue and payment volume increases as our clients process more transactions on our payment platform and more money is collected through our global payment network. Increased average size of the payments processed on our payment platform also increases our revenue. Our ability to influence clients to process more transactions on our platform will have a direct impact on our revenue. 
 In addition, sustaining our growth requires continued adoption of our platform by new clients and further adoption of use cases such as payment plans, by our clients customers. Our ability to influence our clients to expand their customers usage of our platform also depends on our ability to successfully introduce new solutions, such as our solutions to support payments by international education consultants and our B2B solutions. 
 Mix of Business on Our Platform 
 Our revenue is affected by several factors, including the amount of payment volume processed by us on behalf of our clients, the industry in which our clients operate, the currency in which payments are made and received, the method of payment and the number of payment plans initiated by our clients customers. For example, we recognize more transaction revenue as our clients engage in cross border payment flows which may increase or decrease depending on the industry in which our clients operate. We may experience shifts in the type of revenue we earn (transaction revenue or platform and usage-based fee revenue) depending on the nature of the activity of our clients and our clients customers on our platform. 
 Investment in Technology and Development and Sales and Marketing 
 We make significant investments in both new solutions and existing solution enhancement. New solution features and functionality are brought to market through a variety of distribution and promotional activities. We plan to continue to adopt emerging technologies, expand our library of software integrations and invest in the development of more features. While we expect our expenses related to technology and development to increase, we believe these investments will contribute to long-term growth and profitability. 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additionally, we plan to continue to expand efforts to market our payment platform and global payment network directly to our clients through comprehensive marketing initiatives. We are focused on the effectiveness of sales and marketing spending and will continue to be strategic in maintaining efficient client acquisition in the next quarters, including adjusting spending levels as needed in response to changes in the economic environment. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operating results and operating metrics are subject to seasonality and volatility, which could result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating results or in perceptions of our business prospects. We have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our revenue, which can vary by geographic corridor. For instance, our revenue has historically been strongest in our first and third quarters and weakest in our second quarter. Some variability results from seasonal events including the timing of when our education clients customers make their tuition payments on our payment platform and the number of business days in a month or quarter. We also experience volatility in certain other metrics, such as transactions processed, total payment volume and payment mix. 
 Economic Conditions and Resulting Consumer Spending Trends 
 Changes in macro-level consumer spending for education, healthcare and travel trends, including as a result of COVID-19 pandemic, inflation or fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could affect the amounts of volumes processed on our platform, thus resulting in fluctuations to our revenue streams. 
 Impact of the Conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
 We do not have any operations, including long-lived assets, in Ukraine or Russia, and to our knowledge, our clients do not receive material amounts of payments from payers in these regions. We are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine and assessing its impact on our business, but as of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine has not had a material impact on the Company s revenue, results of operations or financial position. However, we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the conflict or its impacts in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus as the conflict, and any resulting government reactions, are rapidly developing and beyond our control. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have a substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. 
 Ukraine is a major engineering hub and the conflict may create a global challenge in outsourcing or hiring engineering talent. In addition, we have put in place and continue to actively manage a program to comply with government sanctions imposed on Russian persons and financial institutions. Also, providers of payment and accounts receivable software have frequently been targeted by cyber threats and due to the war in the Ukraine and continued political uncertainty involving Russia and Ukraine and potentially other regions of Europe, there is an increased likelihood that escalation of tensions could result in cyber-attacks that could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. We continue to invest in systems, software and personnel to protect against these enhanced threats, but any failure to protect against such attacks, could result in unauthorized access to or leakage of, sensitive data, or compromise our ability to provide our solutions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our cash flows and results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Diversified Mix of Clients 
 We have a wide range of clients across education, healthcare, travel and B2B. Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a temporary deceleration of payment volumes and revenue from education clients relying on international enrollments due to the uncertainty of borders re-opening. During 2021 and 2022, borders continued to open allowing for an increase in international students to attend education clients. We expect this trend to continue for our education clients, although COVID-19 related restrictions in China have slowed the growth of Chinese students studying in the U.S. and may have resulted in changes in Chinese student education destinations. Additionally, the opening of borders and abatement of COVID-19 restrictions has increased travel abroad and we expect travel to continue to return to pre-pandemic levels. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Dynamic Changes to Client Communication and Product Solutions 
 In response to the macroeconomic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we initiated a series of refinements to our technology and personalization engine to optimize our clients ability to offer payment plans and communicate effectively and digitally with their customers. For example, we developed streamlined versions of our solution that allowed healthcare clients to rapidly deploy secure payment capabilities in support of newly emergent telehealth services that were deployed in the early phases of the COVID-19 to enable remote healthcare services. Similarly, we configured some of our education payment plan solutions for a very streamlined implementation in support of our clients requests for affordability solutions for their students that could be deployed with minimal IT involvement. While we continue to invest in our technology and product capabilities, our ability to continue providing streamlined and effective products through our technology platform may impact our ability to retain and win new clients in the future. We believe that our ability to help increase payment affordability has become more critical to our clients during the COVID-19 pandemic as the lack of affordability drives the need for more financial flexibility. 
 Business Continuity 
 In response to COVID-19 developments, we implemented measures to focus on the safety of our FlyMates and support of our clients, while at the same time seeking to mitigate the impact on our financial position and operations. We have implemented remote working capabilities for our entire organization and to date, there has been minimal disruption to our operations. During the Spring of 2020, due to initial COVID-19 uncertainty, we reduced our workforce by approximately 12 . From July 2020 through December 31, 2022, our workforce increased by approximately 125 in order to meet the demand of client growth and life as a public company with the goal of ensuring continuity and growth. As vaccination rates have increased, our offices have reopened, although FlyMates have the flexibility to work remotely. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from transactions and platform and usage-based fees as described below. 
 
 Transaction Revenue 
 Transaction revenue consists of a fee based on the total payment volume processed through our payment platform and global payment network. The fee can vary depending on the geographic region in which our client and client s customer resides, the payment method selected by our clients customer and the currencies in which the transaction is completed on our solution. Fees received are reported as revenue upon the completion of payment processing transaction. Our revenue mix fluctuates and as more revenue is derived from credit cards our adjusted gross margin goes down. 
 We also earn marketing fees from credit card service providers for marketing arrangements in which we perform certain marketing activities to increase the awareness of the credit card provider and promote certain methods of payments on our payment platform. Fees from these marketing services are recognized as revenue when we complete our obligations under the marketing arrangements. We do not expect our marketing services revenue to be material in future periods. 
 Platform and Usage-Based Fee Revenue 
 We earn revenue from many of our clients based on the amount of accounts receivable they collect through our platform. For these services, we are paid a platform and usage-based fee based on the total payment volume that our clients collect. We also earn revenue from clients customers when they enter into a payment plan and make actual payments against a payment plan in satisfying their obligation to our client. Additionally, we earn a subscription fee from some of our clients for their use of our payment platform. Finally, we earn fees from providing other ancillary services to our clients including printing and mailing services. 
 Our insurance offering provides students a platform which enables them to compare, select and purchase the mandated health insurance coverage needed. We earn a commission from insurance providers when a student purchases an insurance policy as well as consideration from the student in the form of a markup on the foreign exchange rate. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Payment Processing Services Costs 
 Payment processing services costs consist of costs incurred to process payment transactions which include banking and credit card processing fees, foreign currency translation costs, partner fees, personnel-related expenses for our FlyMates who facilitate these payments and personnel related expenses for our FlyMates who provide implementation services to our clients. We expect that payment processing services costs will increase in absolute dollars but may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period, as we continue to invest in scaling our processing operations and grow our revenue base. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development includes (a) costs incurred in connection with the development of our solution and the improvement of existing solutions, including the amortization of software and website development costs incurred in developing our solution, which are capitalized, and acquired developed technology, (b) site operations and other infrastructure costs incurred, (c) amortization related to capitalized cost to fulfill a contract, (d) personnel-related expenses, including salaries, stock based compensation and other expenses, (e) hardware and software engineering, consultant services and other costs associated with our technology platform and products, (f) research materials and facilities, and (g) depreciation and maintenance expense. 
 We believe delivering new functionality is critical to attract new clients and expand our relationship with existing clients. We expect to continue to make investments to expand our solutions in order to enhance our clients experience and satisfaction, and to attract new clients. We expect our technology and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars, but they may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period as we expand our technology and development team to develop new solutions and enhancements to existing solutions. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses consist of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, sales commissions, amortization of acquired client relationship intangible assets, marketing program expenses, travel related expenses and costs to market and promote our solutions through advertisements, marketing events, partnership arrangements, and direct client acquisition. 
 We focus our sales and marketing efforts on generating awareness of our business, platform, and solutions, creating sales leads, and establishing and promoting our brand. We plan to continue investing in sales and marketing efforts by driving our go-to-market strategies, building our brand awareness, and sponsoring additional marketing events; however, we will adjust our sales and marketing spend level as needed, and this may fluctuate from period to period, in response to changes in the economic environment. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for finance, risk management, legal and compliance, human resources and IT functions, costs incurred for external professional services, as well as rent, and facility and insurance costs. We expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses as we continue to invest in our planned growth of our business. We also expect to increase the size of our general and administrative functions to support the growth in the business, and to operate as a public company. As a result, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars but may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest previously incurred on our Loan and Security Agreement (LSA) and interest on our revolving credit syndication loan (Revolving Credit Facility). During 2018, we borrowed 25.0 million under the LSA to complete the acquisition of OnPlan Holdings LLC. On April 25, 2020, we entered into a Joinder and Second Amendment to the LSA to refinance the LSA. As part of the refinancing, the lender re-advanced 4.2 million of principal paid on the loan through May 1, 2020. The LSA was interest only until May 2023 and carried annual interest at a rate equal to the greater of (i) 5.25 above the prime rate or (ii) 8.50 . In July 2021, we refinanced the LSA by entering into a 50.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid the 25.9 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Following the repayment, we continue to have access to a total commitment of 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility has an adjustable rate of interest based on the type of loan requested, either at an annual rate based on the Alternate Base Rate (ABR), which references the prime rate 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 plus an applicable rate or LIBO Rate plus an applicable rate. Loans based on ABR bear interest at a rate between ABR plus 0.75 and ABR plus 1.25 , and loans based on LIBO Rate bear interest at a rate between LIBO Rate plus 1.75 and LIBO Rate plus 2.25 , depending on our liquidity. 
 Change in Fair Value of Preferred Stock Warrant Liability 
 In connection with our financing arrangements, we issued warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock to a lender. The warrants to purchase preferred stock provided for net share settlement under which the maximum number of shares that could be issued represented the total amount of shares under the warrant agreements. These warrants were classified as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as these were free standing instruments that may have required us to transfer an asset upon exercise. The warrant liability associated with these warrants was recorded at fair value on the issuance date of the warrants and was marked to market each reporting period based on changes in the warrants fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes model. Following our IPO, all preferred stock warrants were either fully exercised or converted to warrants to purchase common stock and no longer require liability classification. As a result, we no longer recognize the change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists of interest income and gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. 
 Provision for (Benefit From) Income Tax 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of foreign and state income taxes. We have historically generated NOL carryforwards for U.S. Federal and state tax purposes as we expand the scale of our business activities. Changes in the U.S. and foreign tax law may impact our overall provision for income taxes in the future. 
 We have a valuation allowance for our U.S. deferred tax assets, including federal and state NOLs. We expect to maintain this valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the benefit of our federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized through expected future taxable income generated in the United States. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue 

289.4 

201.1 

88.3 

43.9 

Payment processing services costs 

107.9 

70.2 

37.7 

53.7 

Technology and development 

50.3 

31.3 

19.0 

60.7 

Selling and marketing 

78.5 

51.3 

27.2 

53.0 

General and administrative 

82.9 

61.6 

21.3 

34.6 

Total costs and operating expense 

319.6 

214.4 

105.2 

49.1 

Loss from operations 

(30.2) 

(13.3) 

(16.9) 

127.1 

Interest expense 

(1.2) 

(2.0) 

0.8 

(40.0) 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

(10.8) 

10.8 

(100.0) 

Other income (expense), net 

(5.9) 

0.1 

(6.0) 

(6000.0) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(7.1) 

(12.7) 

5.6 

(44.1) 

Loss before income taxes 

(37.4) 

(25.9) 

(11.5) 

44.4 

Provision for income taxes 

2.0 

2.2 

(0.2) 

(9.1) 

Net loss 

(39.3) 

(28.1) 

(11.2) 

39.9 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(1.5) 

(0.2) 

(1.3) 

650.0 

Comprehensive loss 

(40.9) 

(28.3) 

(12.6) 

44.5 

84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue was 289.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 201.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 88.3 million or 43.9 . Revenue is comprised of transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Transaction revenue 

224.2 

148.0 

76.2 

51.5 

Platform and usage-based fee revenue 

65.2 

53.1 

12.1 

22.8 

Revenue 

289.4 

201.1 

88.3 

43.9 

Transaction revenue was 224.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 148.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 76.2 million or 51.5 . The increase in transaction revenue was primarily driven by growth in transaction payment volumes, from both our existing clients and new clients added during the year ended December 31, 2022. We experienced strong growth in payment volume across all regions and verticals during the period. Total payment volume increased 37 during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 18.1 billion. Our marketing services revenue increased as a result of our payments partners using more of our marketing services during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Platform and usage-based fee revenue was 65.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 53.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 12.1 million or 22.8 . The increase in platform and usage-based fee revenue was primarily driven by the WPM and Cohort Go acquisitions, which accounted for a 9.7 million increase over 2021. The remainder of the increase was attributable to increased usage by our clients and new clients signed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Payment Processing Services Costs 
 Payment processing services costs were 107.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 70.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 37.7 million or 53.7 . The increase in payment processing services costs is correlated with the increase in total payment volume of 37 over the same period as well as increased use of credit cards, which have higher processing costs. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses were 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 31.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 19.0 million or 60.7 . The increase in technology and development cost was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, stock-based compensation expense, amortization expense, and software and hosting expenses. Personnel costs were 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 13.8 million or 75.4 . The increase in personnel costs was primarily driven by an increase in headcount within our technology and development teams. Stock-based compensation expense was 5.7 million for year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.2 million or 128.0 . The increase in stock-based compensation is attributable to equity grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates. Amortization of intangible assets was 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.3 million or 26.0 . The increase in amortization expense was due to acquired relationships related to the WPM and Cohort Go acquisitions. Software and hosting expenses was 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.7 million or 17.9 . The increase in software and hosting expenses was primarily related to increased hosting fees based on payment volumes growth and additional software needs based on headcount growth. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses were 78.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 51.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 27.2 million or 53.0 . The increase in selling and marketing expenses was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, professional fees, stock-based compensation, marketing costs, travel related expenses, amortization expense and software and hosting expenses. Personnel costs were 44.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 12.8 million or 40.4 . The increase in personnel costs was primarily driven by an increase in headcount within our selling and marketing teams and commissions earned on sales during the period. 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Professional fee expenses were 10.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.3 million or 108.2 . The increase in professional fees was due to increases in third party commissions and consulting fees. Stock-based compensation was 8.0 million for year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.8 million or 53.8 . The increase in stock-based compensation is attributable to equity grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates. Marketing costs were 5.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.8 million or 45.0 . The increase in marketing costs was due to increased marketing initiatives and hosted events. Travel expenses were 2.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.6 million or 200.0 . Higher travel expenses were due to increased client engagement and FlyMate collaboration. Amortization of intangible assets were 3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.5 million or 62.5 . The increase in amortization expense was due to acquired customer relationships related to the WPM and Cohort Go acquisitions. Software and hosting expenses was 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.9 million or 81.8 . The increase in software and hosting expenses was primarily related to increased hosting fees based on payment volumes growth and additional software needs based on headcount growth. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 82.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 61.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 21.3 million or 34.6 . The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, stock-based compensation, professional fees, general and administrative expenses, software and hosting expenses, other costs, and travel related expenses, offset by a change in the fair value of contingent consideration. Personnel costs were 33.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 23.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 9.9 million or 41.8 . The increase in personnel costs was primarily driven by an increase in headcount. Stock-based compensation was 17.1 million for year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.8 million or 51.3 . The increase in stock-based compensation is attributable to equity grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates. Professional fees were 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.9 million or 54.2 . The increase in professional fees was due to increased legal and audit fees as a result of becoming a public company in May 2021. General and administrative costs were 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.9 million or 50.0 . The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily due to increased insurance costs as a public company, and additional insurance obligations incurred as a result of the WPM and Cohort Go acquisitions. Software and hosting expenses were 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.8 million or 47.4 . The increase in software and hosting expenses was primarily related to increased hosting fees based on payment volumes growth and additional software needs based on headcount growth. Other costs were 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.2 million or 40.0 . The increase in other costs is primarily due to increased hedging fees related to increase in total payment volume and indirect taxes recorded during the period. Travel expenses were 1.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.9 million or 180.0 . Higher travel expenses were due to increased client engagement and FlyMate collaboration. The change in the fair value of contingent consideration related to acquisitions was (2.8) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 5.1 million or 221.7 . 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 0.8 million or 40.0 . During July 2021, we entered into a Revolving Credit Facility with three banks for a total commitment of 50.0 million. We drew 25.9 million on the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds to early prepay the existing LSA of 25.0 million, which resulted in a new interest rate per year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid the 25.9 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Following the repayment, we continued to have access to a total commitment of 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Preferred Stock Warrant Liability 
 Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 10.8 million or 100 . Upon the completion of our IPO, all preferred stock warrants were either fully exercised or converted to warrants to purchase common stock. As a result, we no longer recognize the change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net, was (5.9) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of (6.0) million. The increase was the result of the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions, offset by an increase in interest income. Losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currencies were 9.1 million while interest income was 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currencies were 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of (0.2) million or 9.1 . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an income tax expense of 2.0 million and 2.2 million, respectively, which was primarily attributable to income taxes related to our profitable foreign subsidiaries and U.S. state taxes. Our effective tax rate was (5.4) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (8.3) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Comparison of results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Revenue 

201.1 

131.8 

69.3 

52.6 

Payment processing services costs 

70.2 

47.8 

22.4 

46.9 

Technology and development 

31.3 

24.5 

6.8 

27.8 

Selling and marketing 

51.3 

32.6 

18.7 

57.4 

General and administrative 

61.6 

42.7 

18.9 

44.3 

Total costs and operating expense 

214.4 

147.6 

66.8 

45.3 

Loss from operations 

(13.3) 

(15.8) 

2.5 

(15.8) 

Interest expense 

(2.0) 

(2.5) 

0.5 

(20.0) 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

(10.8) 

(0.7) 

(10.1) 

1442.9 

Other income (expense), net 

0.1 

0.7 

(0.6) 

(85.7) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(12.7) 

(2.5) 

(10.2) 

408.0 

Loss before income taxes 

(25.9) 

(18.3) 

(7.6) 

41.5 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

2.2 

(7.2) 

9.4 

(130.6) 

Net loss 

(28.1) 

(11.1) 

(17.0) 

153.2 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(0.2) 

(0.3) 

0.1 

(33.3) 

Comprehensive loss 

(28.3) 

(11.4) 

(16.9) 

(148.2) 

Revenue 
 Revenue was 201.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 131.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 69.3 million or 52.6 . Revenue is comprised of transaction revenue and platform and usage-based fee revenue as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Transaction revenue 

148.0 

89.6 

58.4 

65.2 

Platform and usage-based fee revenue 

53.1 

42.2 

10.9 

25.8 

Revenue 

201.1 

131.8 

69.3 

52.6 

87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Transaction revenue was 148.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 89.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 58.4 million or 65.2 . The increase in transaction revenue was primarily driven by growth in transaction payment volumes from both our existing clients and new clients added during the year ended December 31, 2021. We experienced strong growth in payment volume across all regions during the period. Total payment volume increased 76 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 13.2 billion. Our marketing services revenue remained consistent in the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Platform and usage-based fee revenue was 53.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 10.9 million or 25.8 . The increase in platform and usage-based fee revenue was driven by the full year of revenue from Simplee, increased usage by our clients and new clients signed during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Payment Processing Services Costs 
 Payment processing services costs were 70.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 47.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 22.4 million or 46.9 . The increase in payment processing services costs is correlated with the increase in total payment volume of 76 over the same period, and was offset by lower processing costs related to bank, credit card and alternative payment transactions. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses were 31.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 24.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 6.8 million or 27.8 . The increase in technology and development cost was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, stock-based compensation expense, software and hosting expenses and amortization expense. Personnel costs were 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.2 million or 13.7 . The increase in personnel costs was primarily driven by an increase in headcount within our technology and development teams. Stock-based compensation expense was 2.5 million for year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 1.6 million. The increase in stock-based compensation is attributable to grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates and the additional compensation charges taken in relation to a secondary sale during the period that involved stockholders who were also FlyMates. Software and hosting expenses was 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and increase of 1.0 million. The increase is primarily related to increased hosting fees based on growth in payment volumes and additional software needs based on headcount growth. Amortization of intangible assets was 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 1.8 million or 56.3 . The increase in amortization expense is attributable to the full year of amortization expense for acquired Simplee intangible assets in 2021 versus a partial year in 2020. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses were 51.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 32.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 18.7 million or 57.4 . The increase in selling and marketing expenses was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, stock-based compensation, professional fees, and marketing costs. Personnel costs were 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 8.6 million or 37.2 . The increase in personnel costs was primarily driven by an increase in headcount within our selling and marketing teams and commissions earned on sales during the period. Stock-based compensation was 5.2 million for year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 3.9 million. The increase in stock-based compensation is attributable to grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates and the additional compensation charges taken in relation to a secondary sale during the period that involved stockholders who were also FlyMates. Professional fee expenses were 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 3.4 million. The increase in professional fees was due to increases in third party commissions, expenses incurred related to our public offering and consulting fees. Marketing costs were 4.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.0 million or 100 . The increase in marketing costs was due to increased marketing initiatives and hosted events. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 61.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 42.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 18.9 million or 44.3 . The increase in general and 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 administrative expenses was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation, personnel costs, professional fees, general and administrative and other costs offset by a change in the fair value of contingent consideration and acquisition related expenses. Stock-based compensation was 11.3 million for year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 9.6 million. The increase in stock-compensation is attributable to grants awarded to existing and new FlyMates, and the additional compensation charges taken in relation to a secondary sale during the period that involved stockholders who were also FlyMates. Personnel costs were 23.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 19.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 4.1 million or 20.9 primarily due to increased headcount. Professional fees were 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 3.0 million or 71.4 . The increase in professional fees was due to increased legal and audit fees. General and administrative costs were 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.8 million. The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily due to increased insurance costs as a public company. Other costs were 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 1.0 million or 50.0 . The increase in other costs is primarily due to indirect taxes recorded during the period and increased hedging fees related to increase in total payment volume. The fair value change of contingent consideration was 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 3.2 million. Acquisition related expenses were 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 1.0 million. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 0.5 million or 20. . During July 2021, we entered into a Revolving Credit Facility with three banks for a total commitment of 50.0 million. We drew 25.9 million on the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds to early prepay our existing LSA of 25.0 million, which resulted in a new interest rate per year. 
 Change in Fair Value of Preferred Stock Warrant Liability 
 Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability was 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 10.1 million. The increase in preferred stock warrant liability was the result of an increase in the value of our preferred stock. Upon the completion of the IPO, all preferred stock warrants were either fully exercised or converted to warrants to purchase common stock. As a result, we no longer recognize the change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net, was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 0.6 million or 85.7 . The decrease was the result of the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions, offset by a decrease in interest income. Gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currencies were 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 0.5 million or 83.3 . The decrease was the result of the changes in foreign exchange rates against the U.S. Dollar, our financial reporting currency. 
 Provision for (Benefit From) Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was 2.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to a tax benefit of 7.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 9.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an income tax expense of 2.2 million, which was primarily attributable to income taxes related to our profitable foreign subsidiaries and U.S. state taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an income tax benefit of 7.2 million, which was primarily attributable to a non-recurring benefit of 8.4 million relating to the release of a portion of our valuation allowance. This release was due to taxable temporary differences recorded as part of the Simplee acquisition which were a source of income to realize certain pre-existing federal and state deferred tax assets. Our effective tax rate was (8.3) for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 39.3 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have financed operations primarily through proceeds received from sales of equity securities, credit facilities and payments received from our clients as further detailed below. 
 In May 2021, we completed our IPO which resulted in aggregate net proceeds of 263.8 million, after underwriting discounts of 19.4 million and issuance costs of 4.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, our principal source of liquidity is cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 351.2 million. Cash equivalents is comprised primarily of money market funds. 
 We believe that our existing cash will be sufficient to support our expected working capital needs and material cash requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, the timing and the amount of cash received from clients, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the price at which we are able to purchase public cloud capacity, expenses associated with our international expansion, the introduction of platform enhancements, and the continuing market adoption of our platform. In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, and technologies. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations consist of operating leases that relate to real estate for our primary facilities. 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Year 

(in thousands) 
 
 Total 

Less Than 1 Year 

1 to 3 Years 

4 to 5 Years 

More Than 5 Years 

Operating lease obligations 

3,683 

2,027 

1,656 

Total 

3,683 

2,027 

1,656 

Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flow information for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

5.4 

17.1 

(14.2) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(24.7) 

(62.9) 

(81.5) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(24.0) 

327.5 

119.0 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

5.0 

(1.4) 

(0.3) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(38.2) 

280.3 

23.0 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in other assets and liabilities. 
 During 2022, cash provided by operating activities of 5.4 million was primarily the result of net loss of 39.3 million adjusted for non-cash expenses of 40.3 million, which primarily include stock-based compensation expense of 30.3 million, depreciation and amortization of 12.3 million and amortization of deferred contract costs of 1.8 million, offset by change in fair value of contingent consideration of (2.8) million and deferred tax provision of (1.7) million, benefited by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 4.4 million. 
 During 2021, cash provided by operating activities of 17.1 million was primarily the result of net loss of 28.1 million adjusted for noncash expenses of 41.8 million, which primarily include stock-based compensation expense of 18.9 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million, change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability of 10.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 9.0 million, change in fair value of contingent consideration of 2.3 million, non-cash interest expense of 0.3 million, amortization of deferred contract costs of 0.2 million, bad debt expense of 0.2 million and deferred tax provision of 0.1 million, benefited by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 3.5 million. 
 During 2020, cash used in operating activities of 14.2 million was primarily the result of net loss of 11.1 million adjusted for non-cash expenses of 9.0 million, which primarily include depreciation and amortization of 6.8 million, change in fair value of contingent consideration of 5.4 million, stock-based compensation expense of 3.8 million, and the change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability of 0.7 million, offset by 8.5 million related to deferred taxes and 12.1 million related to changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 During 2022, cash used in investing activities of 24.7 million was primarily the result of our acquisition of Cohort Go for a purchase consideration of 17.1 million and capitalization of internally developed software costs of 7.1 million. 
 During 2021, cash used in investing activities of 62.9 million was the result of our acquisition of WPM for a purchase consideration of 56.1 million in cash, purchase of property and equipment for 6.7 million and asset acquisition of 0.1 million. 
 During 2020, cash used in investing activities of 81.5 million was the result of our acquisition of Simplee for a purchase consideration of 79.4 million in cash and 2.1 million related to purchases of computer equipment and software. 
 Financing Activities 
 During 2022, cash used in financing activities of 24.0 million was driven by the repayment of our Revolving Credit Facility of 25.9 million, payments for contingent consideration of 3.7 million primarily related to the acquisition of Simplee, payments of tax withholdings of 2.6 million for net settled option exercises, offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 7.0 million and proceeds from the issuance of stock under the ESPP of 1.3 million. 
 During 2021, cash provided by financing activities of 327.5 million was primarily driven by the net proceeds received from our IPO of 263.8 million, net proceeds received from our sale of preferred stock of 59.7 million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants of 6.9 million, net proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility of 25.9 million, offset by the payoff of our previously existing term loan of 25.0 million, payments for contingent consideration of 3.8 million related to our acquisition of Simplee and 0.4 million related to issuance costs associated with our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 During 2020, cash provided by financing activities of 119.0 million was primarily the result of our sale of preferred stock for aggregate proceeds of 119.8 million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 0.8 million, primarily offset by payments for contingent consideration of 1.3 million related to our acquisition of OnPlan Holdings, LLC during 2018. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 0 and 25.9 million of outstanding indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility. The proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility were used to pay the LSA of 25.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid the 25.9 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Following the repayment, we continue to have access to a total commitment of 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility consists of ABR loans or Eurodollar Borrowings, at our option. ABR loans bear interest at the ABR plus the applicable rate. Eurodollar Borrowings bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate plus the applicable rate. The ABR rate is based on the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one-month Interest Period plus 1 . The adjusted LIBO rate is based on (a) the LIBO Rate multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. The applicable rate is based upon our liquidity as of the most recent consolidated financial information and ranges from 0.75 to 2.25 . The Revolving Credit Facility incurs a commitment fee ranging from 0.25 to 0.35 based upon our liquidity as of the most recent consolidated financial information assessed on the average undrawn portion of the available commitment. 
 As of December 31, 2020, we had 25.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under the LSA. The LSA was interest only until May 2023 and bore annual interest at a rate equal to the greater of (i) 5.25 above the prime rate of (ii) 8.50 . 
 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated, and reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 - Business Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets consist of acquired developed technology, acquired relationships, trade names and associated trademarks and noncompete agreements. Intangible assets are recognized at fair value using generally accepted valuation methods deemed appropriate for the type of intangible asset acquired, and reported net of accumulated amortization, separately from goodwill. 
 We estimate the fair value of acquired developed technology using the relief-from-royalty method, a form of the income approach, which estimates the cost savings that accrue to the owner of an intangible asset who would otherwise have to pay royalties or license fees on revenues earned through the use of the asset. The royalty rate used is based on an analysis of empirical, market-derived royalty rates for similar technology. The fair value of acquired relationships is estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach, which represents the total income to be generated by the asset. Under this method, the value of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable solely to the intangible asset. We value noncompete agreements using the with and without method. This method compares our projected discounted cash flows in two distinct scenarios: first, we assume that the covenant not-to-compete is in-place and, second, we assume that the covenant not-to-compete is not in-place. A probability adjustment factor is then applied to the difference between the two scenarios to determine the fair value of the noncompete agreement. We value trade names and trademarks using the relief from royalty method. The relief-from-royalty method determines the present value of the economic royalty savings associated with the ownership or possession of the trade name or trademark based on an estimated royalty rate applied to the cash flows to be generated by the business. The estimated royalty rate is determined based on the assessment of a reasonable royalty rate that a third party would negotiate in an arm s-length license agreement for the use of the trade name or trademark. 
 The useful lives for developed technology are determined based on expectations regarding the evolution of existing technology and future investments. The useful lives for customer-related intangible assets are determined based primarily on forecasted cash flows, which include estimates for the revenues, expenses and customer attrition associated with the assets. The useful lives of definite-lived trademarks and trade names are based on our plans to phase out the trademarks and trade names in the applicable markets. The useful lives for noncompete agreements are determined based on the term of the related agreements. 
 In tangible assets are amortized using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are expected to be realized over their estimated useful lives ranging from one to fifteen years. No significant residual value is estimated for intangible assets. 
 The estimated fair values of these intangible assets reflect various assumptions including discount rates, revenue growth rates, operating margins, terminal values, attrition, useful lives and other prospective financial information. 
 The judgments made in determining the estimated fair value of intangibles as well as the estimated lives, can materially impact net income or loss in periods subsequent to the acquisition through depreciation and amortization, and in certain instances through impairment charges, if the assets become impaired in the future. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent consideration in business combinations is recognized at fair value on the acquisition date. 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Cohort Go, we entered into an agreement to make certain earn-out payments based on Cohort Go's achievement of specific post-acquisition milestones established through a period ending March 31, 2023. Contingent consideration will be settled upon completion of the post-acquisition milestones at various intervals through May 2023 in the form of cash or shares of common stock at the Company's option and it is subject to exchange rate fluctuation adjustment between the U.S. Dollar and Australian Dollar. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a scenario-based method formed on the likelihoods of achieving each of the milestones. Increases or decreases in any of the probabilities of success in which the specific post-acquisition milestones are expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 
 In connection with the acquisition of WPM, we entered into an agreement to make certain earn-out payments based on the achievement of certain platform integration objectives as well as the achievement of minimum payment volume targets. The platform integration objectives are payable upon completion, and the payment volume targets are payable based on the results of the 15 month and subsequent 12 month periods after acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration related to the payment volume targets was determined using an option pricing model and the fair value of the contingent consideration related to the platform integration objectives was determined using a scenario-based method that reflects our expectation about the probability of payment based on facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition closing date. The option pricing model includes significant unobservable inputs such as expectations regarding payment volume, a market price of risk adjustment for revenue and revenue volatility. The scenario-based method includes significant unobservable inputs such as the probability of completing certain platform integrations. Increases or decreases in any of the probabilities of success in which the platform integration objectives are expected to be achieved would result in higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in expectations regarding the level at which payment volume are expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the market price of risk adjustment of revenue would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the revenue volatility would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement, respectively. 
 In connection with the acquisition of Simplee, we entered into an agreement to make certain earn-out payments based on the achievement of applicable objectives as well as the achievement of certain revenue targets established for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. The earn-outs related to the Simplee acquisition were payable at the one-year and two-year acquisition anniversary dates based on the prior year calendar revenue results. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using an option pricing model that reflects our expectation about the probability of payment based on facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition closing date. The option pricing model includes significant unobservable inputs such as a discount rate that equals risk-free rate plus a spread to reflect the credit risk as estimated by our cost of debt, the probability of achieving established revenue, the probability of retaining key employees and the probability of completing certain platform integrations. Increases or decreases in any of the probabilities of success in which volume targets are expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower liability, respectively. Increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a lower or higher liability, respectively. 
 Subsequent to the acquisition date, at each reporting date, the contingent consideration is remeasured and changes in the fair value resulting from a change in the underlying inputs are recognized in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss until the contingent consideration is settled. The maximum amount we would be required to pay related to Cohort Go and WPM acquisitions is 2.2 million and 7.9 million, respectively. During the year ended December, 31 2022, the Company made the final payment of contingent consideration in the amount of 7.8 million related to the Simplee acquisition. No additional contingent consideration is due or payable with respect to the Simplee acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.3 and 11.3 million, respectively. 
 Valuation of Warrants to Purchase Preferred Stock 
 Prior to our IPO, we classified warrants to purchase shares of our convertible preferred stock as liabilities on our balance sheets as these were free standing instruments that may have required us to transfer assets upon exercise. The warrant liability associated with these warrants was recorded at fair value on the issuance date of each warrant and was subsequently marked to market each reporting period based on changes in the warrants fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes model. Inputs used in the fair value calculation included exercise price, risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield, remaining contractual term and expected volatility. We determined the fair value per share of the underlying preferred stock by taking into consideration the most recent sales of our convertible preferred stock, results obtained from third-party valuations and additional factors that we deemed relevant. We were a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information of our stock. Therefore, we estimated expected stock 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the remaining contractual term of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for time periods approximately equal to the remaining contractual term of the warrants. We estimated a 0 dividend yield based on the fact that we have never paid or declared dividends. Following our IPO, the preferred stock warrants were either fully exercised or converted to warrants to purchase common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preferred stock warrants outstanding. Changes in fair value of the warrants were recognized on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The table below quantifies the weighted average of the most significant inputs used for the warrants valuation for the year ended December 31, 2020: 

December 31, 2020 

Fair value of preferred stock 

6.48 

Risk-free interest rate 

0.7 

Expected volatility 

42.5 

Expected dividend yield 

Remaining contractual term (in years) 

4 

Revenue Recognition 
 We derive revenue from transactions and platform and usage-based fees. 
 Transaction Revenue 
 Our transaction revenue is derived from fees charged for payment processing services provided to educational institutions, healthcare entities and other commercial entities. Our services relate to facilitating payments from individuals, such as students and patients, and organizations to clients. Fees charged for payment processing services consists of a rate applied to the monetary value of the payment and can vary based on the payment method, currency pair conversion the transaction is settling in, as well as the geographic region in which the client and the client s customer resides. Fees received are recorded as revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss upon completion of the payment processing transaction. We do not recognize the underlying amount of the transaction being settled between client and client s customer, as revenue or cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, as we are not the responsible party for fulfilling the obligation between the client and client s customer. Therefore, revenue is only recognized for the fee for which we are entitled for processing the payment. 
 We also earn revenue from fees charged to credit card service providers for marketing arrangements in which we perform certain marketing activities to increase the awareness of the credit card provider and promote certain methods of payment. Consideration under these arrangements include fixed fees and variable fees based on a percentage of transactions processed during the duration of the marketing program. 
 The money can be wired directly from the client s customer to us, however, in certain situations when the client s customer lives in a country where we do not have an active bank account, we use third-party service providers to collect wired funds before remitting the funds to us. The third-party service provider invoices us on a recurring basis with a fee for each payment processed and deposited into our bank account. The fee paid to third-party service providers as well as any foreign exchange banking fees paid by us are reflected in the payment processing services costs line in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Platform and Usage-Based Fee Revenue 
 Our platform and usage-based fee revenue is derived from fees earned for utilizing our platform to collect accounts receivables on behalf of our clients from their customers, fees collected on payment plans established by a client for obligations due by a client s customer, subscription fees and fees related to printing and mailing statements. Fees charged consist of a fixed fee and a variable fee determined based on volume of transaction processed through our platform. 
 Performance Obligations 
 We use significant judgement on determining the performance obligations in the arrangement based on considerations such as whether the client can benefit from each service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us and whether each service is distinct in the context of the arrangement, 
 94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 whereby the transfer of the service is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. In addition, we consider whether the arrangements contain a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and whether they have the same pattern of transfer. 
 Substantially all of our arrangements represent a single promise to provide continuous access to our platform to perform a series of activities such as payment processing services, cash collection optimization services, marketing, printing and mailing services, on an as-needed basis. As each day of providing these services is substantially the same and the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as services are provided, these services are viewed as a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct daily services. We satisfy the performance obligation as these services are provided. Revenue is recognized in the month the service is complete. 
 For those arrangements that include fixed consideration, the fixed component is recognized ratably over the service period while variable consideration is recognized in the period earned. 
 We consider implementation service an activity to fulfill a contract, rather than a distinct performance obligation as the client does not obtain benefits from the implementation service alone. We charge an immaterial amount for implementation services. 
 Variable Consideration 
 Our contracts contain variable consideration as the amount we expect to receive in a contract is based on the occurrence or non-occurrence of future events, such as processing services performed as a transaction-based pricing arrangement. The variable consideration relates specifically to our effort to transfer each distinct daily service, as such we allocate the variable consideration earned to the distinct day in which those activities are performed and we recognize these fees as revenue in period earned, at which point the variable amount is known and it does not require estimation. 
 Other Revenue Recognition Policies 
 We incur costs in processing payments which may include banking, credit card processing, foreign currency translation and partner fees. These fees are direct costs incurred in providing payment processing services. The determination of whether we are a principal to a transaction (gross revenue) or an agent (net revenue) can require considerable judgment. Changes in judgments with respect to these assumptions and estimates could impact the amount of revenue recognized. Since we control the payment processing service, we are responsible for completing the payment, bear primary responsibility for the fulfillment of the payment service, and have full discretion in determining the fee charged, we act as a principal. As such, we recognize payment processing fee charged on a gross basis. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We determine stock-based compensation expense associated with stock options based on the estimated grant date fair value method using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We recognize these compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the option vesting term of four years. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock- based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Expected term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 
 Expected volatility Since we are a recent public company with limited trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility is estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the lifecycle or area of specialty. 
 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the option. 
 Expected dividend yield We have never paid dividends on our common stock and non-voting common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Common Stock Valuation Given the absence of an active market for our common stock and non-voting common stock prior to our IPO, the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying our share-based awards was estimated on each grant date by our board of directors with input from management and contemporaneous third-party valuations. These third-party valuations were performed in accordance with the guidance outlined by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 2013 Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation using either an option-pricing method, or OPM, or a hybrid method, both of which used market approaches and income approaches to estimate our enterprise value. The hybrid method is a probability-weighted expected return method, or PWERM, where the equity value in one or more of the scenarios is calculated using an OPM. The PWERM is a scenario-based methodology that estimates the fair value of common stock based upon an analysis of future values for a company, assuming various outcomes. The common stock value is based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns considering each of the possible outcomes available as well as the rights of each class of stock. The future value of the common stock under each outcome is discounted back to the valuation date at an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate and probability weighted to arrive at an indication of value for the common stock. A discount for lack of marketability of the common stock is then applied to arrive at an indication of value for the common stock. The OPM treats common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock as call options on an equity value, with exercise prices based on the liquidation preference of our redeemable convertible preferred stock. Under this method, our common stock has value only if the funds available for distribution to stockholders exceed the value of the liquidation preference at the time of a liquidity event, such as a merger or sale, assuming we have funds available to make a liquidation preference meaningful and collectible by the stockholders. The common stock is considered to be a call option with a claim at an exercise price equal to the remaining value immediately after the redeemable convertible preferred stock is liquidated. 
 In addition to considering the results of third-party valuations, our board of directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered various objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of our common stock as of the date of each grant, including: 
 our actual operating results and financial performance; 

conditions in the industry and economy in general; 

the rights, preferences and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock; 

the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event for the holders of our common stock, such as an IPO or a sale of our company, given prevailing market conditions; 

equity market conditions affecting comparable public companies and the market performance of comparable publicly traded companies; 

the U.S. and global capital market conditions; and 

the lack of marketability of our common stock and the results of independent third-party valuations. 

The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our common stock and our stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. 
 Following our IPO, our board of directors no longer estimate the fair value of our common stock in connection with granted stock options and other granted equity awards as the fair value of our common stock is determined based on the quoted market price of our common stock. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 The JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise apply to nonpublic companies. The Company previously qualified as an emerging growth company and had elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards that had different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) were no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. 
 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the market value of our common stock that was held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million, and as a result, we no longer qualified as an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2022 when we became a large accelerated filer. Therefore, we are required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards as of the effective dates applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 - Business Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for accounting pronouncements adopted and accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of December 31, 2022. 
 97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have operations both within the United States and globally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including foreign currency fluctuations and the effects of interest rate changes. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is described below. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our Revolving Credit Facility consists of ABR loans or Eurodollar Borrowings, at our option. ABR loans bear interest at the ABR plus applicable rate. Eurodollar Borrowings bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate plus the applicable rate. The ABR rate is based on the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one-month Interest Period plus 1 . The adjusted LIBO rate is based on (a) the LIBO Rate multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. The applicable rate is based upon our liquidity as of the most recent consolidated financial information and ranges from 0.75 to 2.25 . The Revolving Credit Facility incurs a commitment fee ranging from 0.25 to 0.35 based upon our liquidity as of the most recent consolidated financial information assessed on the average undrawn portion of the available commitment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 0 and 25.9 million was outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. An immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 For our cross-border payments, we have short term foreign currency exchange exposure, typically between one and four days. Our cross-border payment service allows our client s customers to use their local currency to pay our clients. When a client s customer books a cross-border payment in the customer s local currency, we provide an amount to be paid to the client in that local currency based on the foreign exchange rate then in effect. The client s customer then has a certain amount of time to complete payment typically one to four days that may differ depending on the payment method selected. When our client s customer makes the payment and we process these funds to our clients through our global payment network, the actual exchange rate may differ from the exchange rate that was initially used to calculate the amount payable by the client s customer due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The amount our client s customers pay in their local currency is not adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates between booking the transaction and the date the funds are paid and converted. If the value of the currency used by the client s customer weakens relative to the currency in which funds are remitted to our clients, we may be required to cover the shortfall in remitted funds. This could have an unfavorable effect on our cash flows and operating results. We have been leveraging our in-house currency hedging algorithms since 2014, including entering into non-deliverable forward foreign currency contracts, to mitigate the volatility related to fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates. 
 Our cash flows and operating results may also be impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and various currencies, in particular the British Pound. The value of our revenue and profits in local currencies may be worth more or less in U.S. Dollars due to a strengthening or weakening, respectively, of those currencies against the U.S. Dollar. For 2022, as the U.S. Dollar strengthened against several currencies, including the British Pound, these foreign exchange impacts reduced our reported revenue in U.S. Dollars by approximately 14.2 million compared to 2021 on a constant currency basis. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also impact the value of assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our entities. Our reporting currency and the functional currency of our subsidiaries, with the exception of our U.K. and Australian subsidiaries, is the U.S. Dollar. The functional currency for our U.K. and Australian subsidiaries is the local currency, or British Pound and Australian Dollar, respectively. Financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated from local currency into U.S. Dollars using exchange rates at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities, and average exchange rates in effect during the period for revenue and expenses. Resulting translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currencies into functional currencies are recognized as other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. A potential change in foreign exchange rates of 10 from such remeasurement would have 
 98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 impacted loss before income taxes by approximately 10.9 million and 10.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our cash flows and results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through increase in prices of our product offerings. 
 99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary D ata 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 101 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 103 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 104 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit 
 105 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 108 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 110 

100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Flywire Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flywire Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of convertible preferred stock, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2022. We have also excluded Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 8 and 3 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
 101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Acquisition of Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. - Valuation of Agent and Customer Relationships Intangible Asset 
 As described in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. Cohort Go in 2022 for total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired, of 23.1 million, which resulted in recording 11.1 million intangible assets related to agent and customer relationships. Management estimates the fair value of acquired intangible assets under the income approach, using the multi-period excess earnings method for acquired relationships. In performing the valuation, the key underlying judgments and assumptions used included revenue and earnings before interest and taxes growth rates, discount rate, technology royalty rate and attrition rate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the agent and customer relationships intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the agent and customer relationships intangible assets; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumption related to the attrition rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the agent and customer relationships intangible assets. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement, (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the agent and customer relationships acquired, (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings valuation method, (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the method, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant assumption related to the attrition rate. Evaluating the reasonableness of the attrition rate involved considering the past performance of the acquired business, testing the historical agent funds flow activity by obtaining and inspecting payment and invoice documentation, using historical funds flow to recalculate the attrition rate, and considering whether the assumption is consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the Company s multi-period excess earnings method and the reasonableness of the attrition rate assumption. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 102 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Unbilled receivables 

Funds receivable from payment partners 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Funds payable to clients 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Contingent consideration 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Contingent consideration, net of current portion 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Voting common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Non-voting common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury voting common stock, shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, held at cost 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 103 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Payment processing services costs 

Technology and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 104 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Voting Common Stock 

Non-Voting Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Loss) 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balances at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

Forfeiture of unvested restricted stock awards 

() 

Issuance of Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

105 
 
 Table of Contents 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld 

Issuance of Series F-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock in connection with IPO, net of underwriting discounts and commissions 

Costs incurred in connection with IPO 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series C preferred stock upon net exercise of Series C preferred stock warrants 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock upon IPO 

() 

() 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock upon IPO 

() 

() 

Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon IPO 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 

106 
 
 Table of Contents 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld 

Conversion of non-voting common stock to voting common stock 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock as consideration for acquisition 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

__________________________________ 
 amount is less than 1 thousand 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 107 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of deferred contract costs 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Deferred tax provision 

() 

() 

Provision for uncollectible accounts 

Non-cash interest expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Unbilled receivables 

() 

() 

() 

Funds receivable from payment partners 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses, other current assets and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Funds payable to clients 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Asset acquisition, net of cash acquired 

() 

Contingent consideration paid for acquisitions 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discount and commissions 

Payment of deferred offering costs related to initial public offering 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Payment of long-term debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Contingent consideration paid for acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of tax withholdings for net settled option exercises 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rates changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 108 
 
 Table of Contents 

FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow and noncash information 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 109 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FLYWIRE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of voting common stock, shares of non-voting common stock and shares of preferred stock. Each class of stock has a par value of per share. On May 28, 2021, the Company completed its IPO, in which the Company issued and sold shares of voting common stock at a public offering price of per share, which included shares of voting common stock issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The Company received million in net proceeds from the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and other offering costs of million. Prior to the IPO, the Company issued Series A convertible preferred stock, Series B convertible preferred stock, Series B1-NV convertible preferred stock, Series B1 convertible preferred stock, Series C convertible preferred stock, Series D convertible preferred stock, Series E-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock and Series E-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock. Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, all shares of the Company s outstanding convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock, including shares of preferred stock issued upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, were converted into shares of voting common stock and shares of non-voting common stock. Prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company had warrants to purchase shares of its convertible preferred stock outstanding, such warrants were converted immediately prior to the closing of the IPO into warrants to purchase shares of the Company s voting common stock and the associated preferred stock warrant liabilities were remeasured to its fair value of million and reclassified to additional paid-in capital. Prior to the IPO, deferred offering costs, which consist of legal, accounting, consulting and other direct fees and costs relating to the IPO, were capitalized in other long-term assets. Upon the completion of the IPO, these costs were offset against the proceeds from the IPO and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
 forward stock split of its common stock, convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock. In connection with the forward stock split, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became three shares of common stock, each issued and outstanding share of convertible preferred stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became three shares of convertible preferred stock and each issued and outstanding share of redeemable convertible preferred stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became three shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock. The par value per share of common stock, convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock was not adjusted. All references to the convertible preferred stock, redeemable convertible preferred stock, common stock, treasury stock, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock awards, warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock, warrants to purchase common stock, per share amounts and related information contained in the consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the stock split for all periods presented. 

impact on macroeconomic conditions which could significantly impact the verticals in which the Company has been predominantly focused over the last decade. The Company s payment volumes, sales cycles and time to implementation could be negatively affected and consequently, the Company s revenue or results of operations or financial position could be adversely impacted as well. Impact of Inflation The Company does not believe that inflation had a material effect on its cash flows and results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 million. The Company concluded that the errors were not material to any prior period consolidated financial statements and the correction of the errors was not material to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 . As part of the cash management process, the Company performs periodic reviews of the financial institution credit standing. 

Client B 

Client C 

Less than 10 of total balance. Funds receivable from payment partners consist primarily of cash held by the Company s global payment processing partners that have not yet been remitted to the Company. Significant partners are those that represent 10 or more of funds receivable from payment partners as set forth in the following table: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Partner A 

Partner B 

Partner C 

Partner D 

Partner E 

Less than 10 of total balance. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no client accounted for or more of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from clients located in the United States and Canada (Americas), Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia and Pacific (APAC) in the aggregate accounted for , and of the Company s total revenues, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, revenue from clients located in Americas, EMEA and APAC in the aggregate accounted for , , and of the Company s total revenues, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from clients located in Americas, EMEA and APAC in the aggregate accounted for , and of the Company s total revenues, respectively. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies million and million of restricted cash, respectively. 
 
 for computer equipment and software, for internal-use software, for furniture and fixtures, and for leasehold improvements. Costs of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in loss from operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 impairments recorded for the Company s long-lived assets during any of the periods presented. . The useful lives for developed technology are determined based on expectations regarding the evolution of existing technology and future investments. The useful lives for acquired related intangible assets are determined based primarily on forecasted cash flows, which include estimates for the revenues, expenses and customer attrition associated with the assets. The useful lives of definite-lived trademarks and trade names are based on the Company s plans to phase out the trademarks and trade names in the applicable markets. No significant residual value is estimated for intangible assets. 
 
 . impairment and trigger an interim impairment assessment include, but are not limited to, market conditions, economic conditions, entity-specific financial performance and other events such as significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate, operational performance of the business or key personnel, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. Goodwill is tested for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to its fair value, including goodwill. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using a combination of income and market approaches. The discounted cash flow method, a form of the income approach, uses expected future operating results and a market participant discount rate. The market approach uses comparable company prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions (either publicly traded entities or mergers and acquisitions) to develop pricing metrics to be applied to historical and expected future operating results of the reporting unit. Failure to achieve these expected results, changes in the discount rate or market pricing metrics, may cause a future impairment of goodwill. 
 million in Other assets and a corresponding lease liability of million in Other liabilities as of January 1, 2022. The ROU assets were adjusted per Topic 842 transition guidance for the existing deferred rent balance. Accounting for Leases after the Adoption of ASC 842 The new leasing standard requires recognition of leases on the consolidated balance sheets as ROU assets and lease liabilities. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use underlying assets for the lease terms and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. ROU assets are included in Other assets and lease liabilities are included in Other liabilities. Lease classification is determined at commencement date. All of the Company's leases are accounted for as operating leases. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the implicit rate of the leases is not determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of the lease payments. ROU assets are adjusted for deferred rent and any lease incentives. Variable lease payments for maintenance, property taxes and other operating expenses are recognized as expense in the period in which the obligation for the payment is incurred. The operating lease expense associated with operating leases is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Refer to Note 15 - Leases for more details on the Company's operating leases. Accounting for Leases for Periods Prior to Adoption of ASC 842 Prior to ASC 842 adoption, operating lease arrangements were recorded off-balance sheet and ROU assets and liabilities were not recognized. Operating lease expense was recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease and free rent periods were recorded as a deferred rent liability. 
 business acquisition. If substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is not concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, the Company further evaluates whether the integrated set of assets and activities include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. If so, the Company concludes that the integrated set of assets and activities is a business acquisition. The Company accounts for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. In accordance with this method, assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. The fair value of the consideration paid, including contingent consideration, is assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company early adopted ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers as of October 1, 2021. ASU 2021-08 amends ASC 805 to add contract assets and contract liabilities to the list of exceptions to the recognition and measurement principles that apply to business combinations and to require that an entity (acquirer) recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. Under ASU 2021-08, contract assets and contract liabilities are accounted as if the acquirer entered into the original contract at the same time and same date as the acquiree. This is a shift from the previous guidance, which required the acquirer to recognize contract assets and contract liabilities at their fair value as of the acquisition date. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and can involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Fair value and useful life determinations are based on, among other factors, estimates of future expected cash flows, revenue growth rates, operating margins and appropriate discount rates used in computing present values. These estimates may materially impact the net income or loss in periods subsequent to acquisition through depreciation and amortization, and in certain instances through impairment charges, if assets become impaired in the future. Additionally, actual results may vary from these estimates that may result in adjustments to goodwill and acquisition date fair values of assets and liabilities during a measurement period or upon a final determination of asset and liability fair values, whichever comes first. Adjustments to fair values of assets and liabilities made after the end of the measurement period are recorded within operating results. Contingent consideration in business combinations is recognized at fair value on the acquisition date. Subsequent to the acquisition date, at each reporting date, the contingent consideration is remeasured and changes in the fair value resulting from changes in the underlying inputs are recognized in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss until the contingent consideration is settled. The fair value of the contingent consideration in the Company's consolidated balance sheets was determined using an option pricing model that reflects the Company s expectations about the probability of payment, based on facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition closing date. The option pricing model includes unobservable inputs such as a discount rate that equals risk-free rate plus a spread to reflect the credit risk as estimated by the Company s cost of debt, the probability of achieving established revenue targets and the probability of retaining key customers. See Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements for inputs used to fair value contingent consideration. 
 
 participants on the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy, of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable: Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices), such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques. 
 The carrying values of accounts receivable, funds receivable from payment partners, unbilled receivables, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, funds payable to clients and accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company s contingent consideration are carried at fair value, determined using Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. million and reclassified to additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred stock warrants outstanding. 
 common stock warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

deferred offering costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. the client s customer, the Company records a receivable, which is included in funds receivables from payment partners, and a corresponding liability, included in funds payable to customers, in the consolidated balance sheets. The amounts are generally collected or paid within one to 30 days. Partners report to the Company the funds received from the client s customer on a daily basis. Revenue in transactions where Partners are involved is not recognized until the payment is remitted to clients. The Company also earns revenue from fees charged to credit card service providers for marketing arrangements in which the Company performs certain marketing activities to increase the awareness of the credit card provider and promote certain methods of payment. Consideration under these arrangements include fixed fees and variable fees based on a percentage of transactions processed during the duration of the marketing program. Marketing services provided leverages the Company s existing network and transaction processing platform; therefore, these arrangements are considered part of the Company s ordinary business activities. In certain circumstances, the Company provides marketing services to financial institutions that are considered both a client (for marketing services) and a service provider (for processing payments). Each one of these services are negotiated separately, each agreement is for distinct service and they are priced at fair value; therefore, fees included in the marketing arrangements are accounted for as revenue, while fees paid by the Company are accounted for as payment processing services cost. Platform and usage-based fee revenue - relate to fees earned for utilizing the Company s platform to collect their accounts receivable from client s customers, fees collected on payment plans established by the client for obligations due by client s customer, subscription fees and fees related to printing and mailing statements. Fees charged consist of a fixed fee and a variable fee determined based on volume of transactions processed through the Company s platform. Performance Obligations Substantially all of the Company s arrangements represent a single promise to provide continuous access to the Company s platform to perform payment processing services, cash collection optimization services, marketing, printing and mailing services, on an as-needed basis. As each day of providing these services is substantially the same and the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as services are provided, these services are viewed as a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct daily services. The Company satisfies its performance obligation as these services are provided. Revenue is recognized in the month the service is complete. For those arrangements that include fixed consideration, the fixed component is recognized ratably over the service period while variable consideration is recognized in the period earned. The Company considers implementation services as an activity to fulfill a contract, rather than a distinct performance obligation as the client does not obtain benefits from the implementation service alone. The Company charges an immaterial amount for implementation services. Variable Consideration The Company s contracts contain variable consideration as the amount the Company expects to receive in a contract is based on the occurrence or non-occurrence of future events, such as processing services performed as a transaction-based pricing arrangement. The variable consideration relates specifically to the Company s effort to transfer each distinct daily service, as such the Company allocates the variable consideration earned to the distinct day in which those activities are performed and it recognizes these fees as revenue in period earned, at which point the variable amount is known and it does not require estimation. Payment Terms The Company s payment terms vary by type of client, client s customer and services offered and ranges between one and 60 days. Typically, the Company charges either a fixed fee, a fixed fee per transaction or percentage of transaction value or a combination of both. The Company does not assess whether a significant financing component exists if the period between performance obligations under the contract and payment is one year or less. None of the Company s contracts contain a significant financing component as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Other Revenue Recognition Policies The Company incurs costs in processing payments which may include banking, credit card processing, foreign currency translation, partner fees, printing and mailing fees. These fees are direct costs of the Company in providing payment processing services. Since the Company controls the payment processing service, it is responsible for completing the payment, bears primary responsibility for the fulfillment of the payment service, and it has full discretion in determining the fee charged, the Company is acting as a principal. As such, the Company recognizes fees charged to its clients on a gross basis. Remaining Performance Obligations The Company does not disclose the value of remaining performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original contract term of one year or less, (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice when that amount corresponds directly with the value of services performed, and (iii) variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied distinct service that forms part of a single performance obligation. The Company does not have material remaining performance obligations associated with contracts with terms greater than one year. See Note 2 - Revenue and Recognition for additional information on revenue recognition. 

million of interest income and million of losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other income (expense), net consisted of million of gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. For the year ended December 31, 2020, other income (expense), net consisted of million of interest income and million of gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into its functional currency. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 statement and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, as measured by enacted tax rates anticipated to be in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company classifies deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent within the consolidated balance sheets. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions using a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax position is evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. If the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision for income taxes. The Company accounts for the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, if any, as permanently reinvested and therefore does not provide for U.S. income taxes that could result from the distribution of those earnings to the U.S. parent. The Company is open to future tax examinations from 2018 to the present; however, carryforward attributes that were generated prior to 2018 may still be adjusted upon examination by federal, state or local tax authorities to the extent they will be used in a future period. In 2021, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service commenced a corporate income tax audit with respect to the 2018 calendar year, which was completed in 2022. 

123 
 
 Table of Contents 

EMEA 

APAC 

Total revenue 

Major solutions 

Transactions 

Platform and usage-based fees 

Total revenue 

Contract Balances from Contracts with Clients The timing of revenue recognition, billing and cash collection results in billed receivables, unbilled receivables and deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. When fees are received prior to transferring services to the client under the terms of a contract, deferred revenue, which is a contract liability, is recorded. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are performed and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. In certain instances, the Company delivers services in advance of billing. In this case the Company recognizes unbilled receivables which is not a contract asset as the Company has an unconditional right for payment. 

Unbilled receivables 

Deferred revenue current 

Deferred revenue non-current 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in revenue from amounts that were included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in revenue from amounts that were included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2020. Contract Costs Incremental costs for obtaining contracts that are deemed recoverable are capitalized as contract costs and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Such costs result from the payment of sales incentives and totaled million, million and less than million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capitalized sales incentives are amortized over the period of benefits, which the Company has determined to be . The amortization is included in selling and marketing expense line in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and totaled million, less than million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Costs to fulfill a contract are capitalized when they relate directly to an existing contract or specific anticipated contract, generate or enhance resources that will be used to fulfill performance obligations and are recoverable. Such costs primarily represent set-up and implementation costs, which include any direct cost incurred at inception of a contract. The Company capitalized million, million and million of costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. These capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected contract life, which generally is , starting on go-live date. The amortization is included in technology and development expense line in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in the amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 is million resulting from the impairment of customer set-up costs associated with technology integration. There was impairment of capitalized contract costs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

() 

() 

Provision for expected credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs, net of recoveries 

Allowance for credit losses at the end of the year 

() 

() 

() 

Financial Liabilities: 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Contingent consideration 

Measured at NAV as of December 31, 2021 Using: 

Measured at Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Using: 

Level 1 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Financial Assets: 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Financial Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3. Contingent consideration 

Probability of successful achievement 
 
 - 

Increases or decreases in any of the probabilities of success in which revenue targets were expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. The following table presents the unobservable inputs incorporated into the valuation of contingent consideration related to the WPM acquisition as of the dates presented. Refer to Note 8 - Business Combinations for additional details on the WPM acquisition. 

Revenue volatility 

Probability of successful achievement 
 
 - 

- 

Performance period 
 
 years 

years 

Increases or decreases in expectations regarding the level at which payment volumes are expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the market price of risk adjustment of revenue would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the revenue volatility would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement, respectively. T 

Probability of successful achievement 
 
 - 

Increases or decreases in any of the probabilities of success in which the specific post-acquisition milestones are expected to be achieved would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. Increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 

Additions 

Change in fair value 

() 

Contingent consideration paid 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Ending balance 

thousand was classified as investing cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows given the proximity to the acquisition date. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the timing of contingent consideration paid was in excess of three months of the acquisition date of Cohort Go, WPM and Simplee; accordingly, the cash payments have been bifurcated between the financing and operating sections of the consolidated statement of cash flows. Amounts paid up to the fair value initially recorded in purchase accounting is reported in the financing section of the consolidated statement of cash flows, while any excess is reported in the operating section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

contracts are not designated as hedging instruments. Derivative transactions such as foreign currency forward contracts are measured in terms of the notional amount; however, this amount is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets and is not, when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of the derivative instruments. The notional amount is generally not exchanged but is used only as the underlying basis on which the value of foreign exchange payments under these contracts is determined. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company had and open foreign exchange contracts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had foreign currency forward contracts outstanding with a notional amount of million and million, respectively. The Company records all derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair values. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a liability of million and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an asset of less than million related to outstanding foreign exchange contracts. The Company recognized a loss of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in the general and administrative line within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accrued vendor liabilities 

Accrued income and other non-employee related taxes 

Accrued professional services 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 

- 

Internal-use software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company capitalized million and million in costs related to internal-use software during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of internal-used software was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense related to internal-used software was million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Geographic Information 

U.K. 

Other countries 

million increase in the cash consideration, net of cash acquired, a million decrease to deferred tax liability and a million decrease to goodwill from the quarter ended September 30, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2022. The adjusted purchase price allocation is reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and purchase price allocation below. million or million, net of cash acquired, which consisted of (in thousands): 

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired 

Estimated fair value of shares of common stock 

Estimated fair value of contingent consideration 

Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 

Contingent consideration, which totals up to million represents additional payments that Flywire may be required to make in the future which are dependent upon Cohort Go's achievement of specific post-acquisition milestones established through a period ending March 31, 2023. Contingent consideration will be settled upon completion of the post-acquisition milestones at various intervals through May 2023 in the form of cash or shares of common stock at the Company's option and it is subject to exchange rate fluctuation adjustment between the U.S. Dollar and Australian Dollar. As of December 31, 2022, Flywire had paid million in contingent consideration based on Cohort Go's successful and timely achievement of contracted milestones. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred million in transaction costs, which are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accounts receivable 

Funds receivable from payment partners 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Funds payable to clients 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Less: cash acquired 

Net assets, less cash acquired 

Goodwill arising from the acquisition of million was a ttributable to the assembled workforce of Cohort Go and the synergies expected to arise from the acquisition. The Company expects that goodwill from this acquisition will be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Agent and customer relationships 

The results of Cohort Go have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Cohort Go s consolidated revenue included in the consolidated financial statement s since the acquisition date was million. The Company has not disclosed net income or loss since the acquisition date as the business was fully integrated into the consolidated Company s operations and therefore it was impracticable to determine this amount. Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information shows the results of the Company s operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for information purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred as of that date. The unaudited pro forma information is also not intended to be a projection of future results due to the integration of the acquired operations of Cohort Go. The unaudited pro forma information reflects the effects of applying the Company s accounting policies and a pro forma adjustment to the combined historical financial information of the Company and Cohort Go, which includes incremental amortization expense associated with the estimated fair value of identified intangible assets. 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

WPM On December 14, 2021, Flywire completed its acquisition of WPM, a leading software provider that enables seamless and secure receivables payment experiences for universities and colleges across the U.K. The acquisition of WPM was intended to build on Flywire s existing education payments business and is expected to further accelerate the Company's market share in the U.K. education sector. The acquisition of WPM has been accounted for as a business combination. million, which consisted of (in thousands): 

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired 

Estimated fair value of contingent consideration 

Total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 

The contingent consideration is payable at various intervals through March 2024 in the form of cash or up to approximately shares of common stock at the Company's option and is dependent upon the Company's achievement of specified minimum payment volume targets and integration targets established for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2023. A portion of the contingent consideration is also tied to continuing employment of certain key employees; accordingly, approximately shares of common stock have been excluded from the purchase consideration. Therefore, total common stock included in the purchase consideration totals up to approximately shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed million and less than million, respectively, in personnel costs associated with the retention portion of contingent consideration. These personnel costs are included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and a liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid million in contingent consideration related to the completion of integration targets. There was contingent consideration paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in transaction costs, which are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Less: cash acquired 

Net assets, less cash acquired 

Goodwill arising from the acquisition of million was attributable to the assembled workforce of WPM and the synergies expected to arise from the acquisition. The Company expects that goodwill from this acquisition will be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Customer relationships 

The results of WPM have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. WPM contributed million and million in platform revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not disclosed net income or loss since the acquisition date as the business was fully integrated into the consolidated Company s operations and therefore it was impracticable to determine this amount. The Company has not disclosed unaudited pro forma financial information that shows the results of the Company s operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020 as the historical results of WPM are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements in any period presented. Simplee On February 13, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Simplee, a provider of healthcare payment and collections software. The acquisition of Simplee was intended to further expand the capabilities of the Company and to acquire additional clients in the healthcare market. The acquisition of Simplee has been accounted for as a business combination. Pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement, the Company acquired all outstanding equity of Simplee for estimated total consideration of million, which consisted of million in cash, net of cash acquired and million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. Contingent consideration, which totaled up to million was payable at various intervals provided that the Company retained key clients and achieved certain revenue and integration targets established for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. A portion of the contingent consideration was also tied to continuing employment of certain key employees. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company expensed million, million and million, respectively, in personnel costs associated with the retention portion of contingent consideration. These personnel costs are included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and a liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred million in transaction costs, which are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. transaction costs were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of retention costs to compensate employees of Simplee for future services. retention costs were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. These retention costs are included in personnel costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During March 2022, the Company made the final payment of contingent consideration in the amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid million in contingent consideration. There was contingent consideration paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. additional contingent consideration is due or payable with respect to the Simplee acquisition. The results of Simplee have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Simplee contributed million, million and million in platform revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has not disclosed net income or loss since the acquisition date as the business was fully integrated into the consolidated Company s operations and therefore it was impracticable to determine this amount. Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information shows the results of the Company s operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2019. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for information purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred as of that date. The unaudited pro forma information is also not intended to be a projection of future results due to the integration of the acquired operations of Simplee. The unaudited pro forma information reflects the effects of applying the Company s accounting policies and certain pro forma adjustments to the combined historical financial information of the Company and Simplee. The pro forma adjustments include: incremental amortization expense associated with the estimated fair value of identified intangible assets and property and equipment; 

 revenue and cost of revenue adjustments as a result of the reduction in deferred revenue and the cost related to their estimated fair value; 

 incremental employee compensation expense for Simplee employees; and 

 the estimated tax impact of the above items. 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

Goodwill related to acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Ending balance 

goodwill impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Acquired Intangible Assets 

() 

Acquired Relationships 

() 

Non-Compete Agreement 

() 

() 

thousand of foreign currency translation adjustments . thousand of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Value 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Weighted Average Remaining Life (Years) 

Developed Technology 

() 

Acquired Relationships 

() 

Non-Compete Agreement 

() 

() 

thousand of foreign currency translation adjustments and thousand in acquired developed technology assets. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

million. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swingline sub-facility, with available borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility reduced by the amount of any letters of credit and swingline borrowings outstanding from time to time. The Revolving Credit Facility is guaranteed by Flywire s material domestic subsidiaries. One of the lenders in the syndicate was the existing debt holder under the LSA entered into in 2018 and amended in 2020. to . The Revolving Credit Facility incurs a commitment fee ranging from to based upon the Company s liquidity as of the most recent consolidated financial information assessed on the average undrawn portion of the available commitment. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and restrictions typical for a financing of this type that, among other things, require the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants and restrict the Company s ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends and make distributions, make certain investments and acquisitions, repurchase its stock and prepay certain indebtedness, create liens, enter into agreements with affiliates, modify the nature of its business, enter into sale-leaseback transactions, transfer and sell material assets and merge or consolidate. Non-compliance with one or more of the covenants and restrictions could result in the full or partial principal balance of the Revolving Credit Facility becoming immediately due and payable and termination of the commitments. The Company was in compliance with all covenants associated with the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. On July 29, 2021, the Company drew million on the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds to early prepay the LSA million term loan. In connection with the transaction, the Company incurred million in prepayment costs and million in debt issuance costs. Debt issuance costs related to new lenders in the syndication are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility. Debt issuance costs related to the existing lender in the syndication were expensed. The exchange of the LSA term loan with the Revolving Credit Facility from the same lender was accounted for as a modification. Prior to entering into the Revolving Credit Facility, debt issuance costs and debt discounts were amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the repayment term of the debt and were presented as an offset to the outstanding debt balance on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon the execution of the Revolving Credit Facility, debt issuance costs and debt discount are amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the agreement and are presented as a component of other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. On October 28, 2022, the Company repaid the million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Following the repayment, the Company continued to have access to a total commitment of million under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Included in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is million, million and million of amortization of debt issuance cost and debt discount, respectively. Loan and Security Agreement On January 16, 2018, the Company entered into the LSA with a financial institution for a million loan with interest at a rate of per annum. The LSA maturity date was . The Company was obligated to make monthly interest payments on the loan. The LSA was interest only until February 1, 2020 pending on achieving certain revenue and margin targets. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million in connection with the issuance of the LSA, which were amortized to interest expense, using the effective interest method, over the term of the loan. On April 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Joinder and First Amendment to the LSA for administrative matters. On May 18, 2020, the Company entered into a Joinder and Second Amendment to the LSA to refinance the LSA. As part of the amendment, the financial institution re-advanced million of principal paid on the loan through May 1, 2020. The final maturity date of the LSA was extended to May 2025. above the prime rate; or (ii) . The LSA was interest only until May 2023. Beginning on June 1, 2023, the Company would make 24 equal principal payments. The Company incurred million in commitment fees from the financial institution to close the refinancing. These commitment fees were recorded as a reduction to the loan balance on the balance sheet. On June 2, 2020, December 9, 2020 and May 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Third, Fourth and Fifth Amendment, respectively, to the LSA for administrative matters. All amendments were accounted for as debt modifications. On July 29, 2021, the Company drew million on its new Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds to early prepay the million LSA. In connection with the transaction, the Company incurred million of prepayment costs. 

 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors. Common Stock In connection with the IPO, the Company s current amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the issuance of shares of voting common stock with a par value of per share and shares of non-voting common stock with a par value of per share. The voting and non-voting shares are identical, except that holders of voting common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on each matter properly submitted to the Company s stockholders for their vote, while holders of non-voting common stock are not entitled to vote on such matters. Holders of voting common stock and non-voting common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash dividends have been declared or paid. or more of any class of voting securities (as such term is used for the purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended), (iii) an assignment to a single party (for example, a broker or investment banker) for the purposes of conducting a widespread public distribution, or (iv) to a party who would control more than of the Company's voting securities without giving effect to the shares of non-voting common stock transferred by the holder. Other than in the event of such transfers, shares of non-voting common stock shall not be convertible into any other security. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of the Company's non-voting common stock converted into shares of common stock on a upon the sale of such shares. 

Issued and outstanding restricted stock units 

Available for issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

Available for issuance under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Available for conversion of non-voting common stock 

the 2009 Plan or 2018 Plan, an equal number of shares will become available for grant under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan, 2018 Plan and 2009 Plan are collectively referred to as the Equity Incentive Plans . The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards and other forms of equity compensation (collectively, equity awards). A total of shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan in addition to (i) any annual automatic evergreen increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan and (ii) upon the expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or reacquisition of any stock-based awards granted under the 2009 Plan or 2018 Plan, an equal number of shares of voting common stock will become available under the 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, a total of shares of the Company's common stock were available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan. Stock Options Stock options granted under the 2009 Plan, 2018 Plan and the 2021 Plan generally vest based on continued service over and expire within from the date of grant. Any options that are canceled or forfeited before expiration become available for future grants. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between exercise price of the underlying awards and the closing price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and per share, respectively. The Company received cash proceeds from the exercise of common stock options of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected terms (in years) 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized expense related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units During 2018, the Company granted restricted stock awards to employees under the 2018 Plan. The restricted stock awards vested ratably over a four-year period from the date of grant. The fair value of each restricted stock award was the estimated fair value of the common stock on the date of grant. All restricted stock awards were fully vested as of January 2022. During 2021, the Company awarded restricted stock units to employees and certain nonemployee board members under the 2021 Plan. The fair value of the restricted stock units is estimated based on the fair value of the restricted stock units on the date of the grant. The restricted stock units vest over the requisite service period, which range between one and four years from the date of the grant, subject to the continued employment of the employees and service of the non-employee board members. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In April 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and in May 2021 its stockholders approved, the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which became effective in connection with the IPO. The ESPP authorizes the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to purchase rights granted to eligible employees . A total of shares of common stock have been reserved for future issuance under the ESPP, in addition to any annual automatic evergreen increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. The price at which common stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Eligible employees can contribute up to 15 of their eligible compensation. Offering periods are generally 6 months long. The first offering period commenced on January 1, 2022 and ended on June 30, 2022. The second offering period commenced on July 1, 2022 and ended on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the ESPP. Stock Based Compensation Costs 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

In February 2021, certain of the Company s existing investors acquired outstanding shares of common stock from employees of the Company for a purchase price greater than the fair value of the common stock at the time of the transaction. As a result, the Company recorded million in stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2021. The amount recorded as stock-based compensation represents the difference between the price paid and the estimated fair value at the date of the transaction. 

() 

() 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption value 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

For periods in which the Company is in a loss position, basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same as diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders. 

Warrants for the purchase of convertible preferred stock (as converted into common stock) 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock (as converted into common stock) 

Convertible preferred stock (as converted into common stock) 

Unvested restricted stock units 

Stock options to purchase common stock (as converted to common stock) 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total current provision for income taxes 

Deferred 

United States: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

() 

Imputed interest 

() 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

() 

Non-deductible transaction costs 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

() 

Change in fair value of preferred stock warrant liability 

() 

() 

Excess executive compensation 

() 

() 

Change in uncertain tax position 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Foreign rate differential 

() 

Deferred statutory rate changes 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax provision of million, which is primarily attributable to foreign activity and U.S. state taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an income tax provision of million, which is primarily attributable to income related to profitable foreign activity and U.S. state taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of million, which is primarily attributable to a non-recurring benefit of million relating to the release of a portion of the Company s valuation allowance. This release was due to taxable temporary differences recorded as part of the Simplee acquisition which are a source of income to realize certain pre-existing federal and state deferred tax assets. 

Property and equipment 

Accrued expenses 

Equity-based compensation 

Lease liability 

Interest limitation carryforward 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Other temporary differences 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Goodwill 

() 

() 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Deferred contract costs 

() 

() 

Other temporary differences 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross federal and state NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, out of which million of federal NOL carryforwards and million of state NOL carryforwards begin to expire in and , respectively. Additionally, million of federal NOL carryforwards and million of state NOL carryforwards have indefinite lives. As of December 31, 2022, the Company generated gross foreign NOL carryforwards of million which have indefinite lives. The federal, state and foreign NOL carryforwards may be available to reduce future federal, state and foreign taxable income, respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a gross interest limitation carryforward of million. Ownership changes, as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, and similar state provisions may limit the amount of federal and state NOL carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future federal and state taxable income. Generally, an ownership change occurs when the ownership percentage of or greater stockholders increases by more than over a period. Accordingly, the purchase of the Company s stock in amounts greater than specified levels could limit the Company s ability to utilize federal and state NOL carryforwards for tax purposes. During 2022, the Company completed a Section 382 study from January 1, 2010, the first day of the first taxable year that Flywire had NOL carryforwards, through June 30, 2021. During this period, Flywire underwent two ownership changes for Section 382 purposes. The ownership changes occurred on June 29, 2011 (the June 2011 Change) and July 12, 2013 (the July 2013 Change) as result of Flywire's issuance and sale of preferred stock. Approximately million of NOLs were generated through December 31, 2013. As a result of the ownership changes, all of Flywire's NOLs as of the June 2011 Change and the July 2013 Change are subject to limitation under Section 382, of which million NOLs will expire unutilized, assuming sufficient taxable income is generated in the future. Additionally, the Company completed a Section 382 study for Simplee, which Flywire acquired in February 2020. The study was completed for the periods from August 26, 2010, the inception of Simplee, through February 13, 2020, the date that Flywire acquired Simplee. During this period, Simplee underwent four ownership changes. The ownership changes occurred on October 27, 2010, April 13, 2011, May 10, 2012 (the May 2012 Change), all in connection with the issuance and sale of preferred stock, and February 13, 2020 (the February 2020 Change), in connection with its complete acquisition by Flywire. Approximately million of NOLs were generated through February 13, 2020. As a result of the ownership changes, all of Simplee s NOLs as of the May 2012 Change and the February 2020 Change are subject to limitation under Section 382, of which million NOLs will expire unutilized, assuming sufficient taxable income is generated in the future. In assessing the realizability of its deferred tax assets, the Company considered whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income. The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability and determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets, and as a result, a valuation allowance has been established against federal, state and certain foreign deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net increase in the valuation allowance of million, which is primarily due to an increase of million related to capitalized research and development costs in the U.S. The Company also recorded a valuation allowance of million related to a foreign subsidiary, offset by a decrease of million due to the release of valuation allowance in foreign entities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an increase in the valuation allowance of million, which is primarily related to generating losses in the U.S. As of December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a net decrease in the valuation allowance of million related primarily to a valuation allowance release with respect to the Simplee acquisition offset by a valuation allowance increase with respect to NOL carryforwards.) 

() 

() 

Change recorded to income tax provision as part of operations 

() 

() 

() 

Change recorded to income tax benefit due to acquisition of Simplee 

Current year increase established through goodwill due to acquisition of Simplee 

() 

Valuation allowance at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

The Company permanently reinvests the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. No additional income taxes have been provided on the indefinitely invested foreign earnings at December 31, 2022. The Company has approximately million of unremitted earnings at December 31, 2022, which the Company believes to approximate the outside basis difference in its foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed, the Company could be subject to income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. As of December 31.2022, the amount of the unrecognized deferred taxes on these earnings are not material. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued million, million and related to uncertain tax positions, inclusive of interest and penalties, respectively, which includes potential tax benefits of million, million and , respectively, that, when recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2022, million of the reserve is reflected as a reduction to deferred taxes and the remaining balance is recorded as a component of other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Settlements with taxing authorities 

Increases (decreases) related to tax positions taken during prior years 

() 

Decreases related to lapses in statute of limitations 

() 

Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year 

Balance at end of year 

The Company expects a decrease of million in uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months due to the lapse of statute of limitations. The Company recognized accrued interest and penalties of , million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the reserves for uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. Included in the total reserve for uncertain tax positions are accrued interest and penalties of million, million, and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company files income tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdiction in which it operates. In the normal course of its business, the Company is subject to examination by federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, where applicable. The Company is open to future tax examinations from 2018 to the present; however, carryforward attributes that were generated prior to 2018 may still be adjusted upon examination by federal, state or local tax authorities to the extent they will be used in a future period. In 2021, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service commenced a corporate income tax audit with respect to the 2018 calendar year, which was completed in 2022. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. This legislation imposes a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax among other tax law changes. The Company has not completed its analysis of this legislation as of December 31, 2022, but it is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's tax liability. 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease terms 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less - present value discount 

Lease liability, at present value 

Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2021, prior to the adoption of ASC 842 as described in Note 1 - Business Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ending December 31, 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

million and million, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

Operating lease expense 

Short-term lease expense 

Variable lease expense 

Total operating lease expense 

million, million and million to the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 143 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure s 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, respectively), have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the 2013 framework established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation under the framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 On July 13, 2022, Flywire acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd. (Cohort Go). As permitted by Securities and Exchange Commission staff guidance, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the first year of acquisition. We have excluded Cohort Go from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Cohort Go accounted for approximately 8 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and approximately 3 of revenues for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in 
 144 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 145 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 146 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 a) Consolidated Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 b) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or in the notes to those financial statements. 
 c) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flywire Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2021. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Flywire Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of Flywire Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 29, 2022. 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders of the Registrant, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 3, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.2# 
 
 Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereafter, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 29, 2022. 

10.3# 
 
 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of equity agreements thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.4# 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 

10.5# 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and form of subscription agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.6 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries and Silicon Valley Bank, dated January 16, 2018, as amended by the Joinder and First Amendment to Loan Security Agreement, dated April 25, 2018; the Joinder and Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 15, 2020; the Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 2, 2020; and the Consent and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 9, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

147 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.7# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Michael Massaro, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.8# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Rob Orgel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.9# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Michael Ellis, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Peter Butterfield, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021 . 

10.11# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and David King, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021 . 

10.12# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Sharon Butler, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.13# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and John Talaga, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 Office Lease, dated April 8, 2015, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Office Lease dated April 7, 2016 and that certain Second Amendment to Office Lease dated October 23, 2018, by and between the Registrant and NS 141 Tremont LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 18, 2021. 

10.15 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, by and among Flywire Corporation, the other Loan Parties party thereto from time to time, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Issuing Banks party thereto from time to time, and Citibank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021. 

10.16 
 
 Pledge Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, by and among Flywire Corporation, the Grantors and the Administrative Agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021. 

10.17# 
 
 Management Cash Incentive Plan 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

148 
 
 Table of Contents 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 
 It em 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 149 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FLYWIRE CORPORATION 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Massaro 

Michael Massaro 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Ellis 

Michael Ellis 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

150 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Michael Massaro and Michael Ellis, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael Massaro Michael Massaro 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ Michael Ellis Michael Ellis 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ Phillip Riese Phillip Riese 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ Diane Offereins 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

Diane Offereins 

/s/ Alex Finkelstein Alex Finkelstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ Matt Harris Matt Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ Edwin Santos Edwin Santos 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 

151 

<EX-10>
 2
 flyw-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 F LYWIRE CORPORATION 
 2021 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 (A S A DOPTED ON A PRIL 28, 2021) 
 
 F LYWIRE CORPORATION 
 2021 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 ARTICLE 1. INTRODUCTION . 
 The Board adopted the Plan to become effective immediately, although no Awards may be granted prior to the IPO Date. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of stockholder value by (a) encouraging Service Providers to focus on critical long-range corporate objectives, (b) encouraging the attraction and retention of Service Providers with exceptional qualifications and (c) linking Service Providers directly to stockholder interests through increased stock ownership. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for Awards in the form of Options (which may be ISOs or NSOs), SARs, Restricted Shares and Restricted Stock Units. Capitalized terms used in this Plan are defined in Article 14. 
 ARTICLE 2. ADMINISTRATION . 
 2.1 General. The Plan may be administered by the Board or one or more Committees to which the Board (or an authorized Board committee) has delegated authority. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have the powers theretofore possessed by the Board, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to either the Board or the Administrator shall hereafter also encompass the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). The Board may abolish the Committee s delegation at any time and the Board shall at all times also retain the authority it has delegated to the Committee. The Administrator shall comply with rules and regulations applicable to it, including under the rules of any exchange on which the Common Shares are traded, and shall have the authority and be responsible for such functions as have been assigned to it. 
 2.2 Section 16 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Exchange Act Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be approved by the entire Board or a Committee of two or more non-employee directors within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 16b-3. 
 2.3 Powers of Administrator . Subject to the terms of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated to the Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority to (a) select the Service Providers who are to receive Awards under the Plan, (b) determine the type, number, vesting requirements and other features and conditions of such Awards, (c) interpret the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan, (d) determine whether, when and to what extent an Award has become vested and/or exercisable and whether any performance-based vesting conditions have been satisfied, (e) make, amend and rescind rules relating to the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan, including rules relating to sub-plans established for the purposes of satisfying applicable foreign laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws, (f) impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by a Participant of any Common Shares issued pursuant to an Award, including restrictions under an insider trading policy and restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales, and (g) make all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan. In addition, with regard to the terms and conditions of Awards granted to Service Providers outside of the United States, the Administrator may vary from the provisions of the Plan (other than any requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Section 13.3) to the extent it determines it necessary and appropriate to do so. 
 2.4 Effect of Administrator s Decisions . The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all interested parties. 
 2.5 Governing Law . The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (except its choice-of-law provisions). 

ARTICLE 3. SHARES AVAILABLE FOR GRANTS . 
 3.1 Basic Limitation . Common Shares issued pursuant to the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The aggregate number of Common Shares issued under the Plan shall not exceed the sum of (a) 9,201,156 Common Shares, (b) any Common Shares subject to awards granted under the Predecessor Plan that are outstanding on the IPO Date that subsequently are forfeited, expire or lapse unexercised or unsettled and Common Shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the Predecessor Plan that are outstanding on the IPO Date and that are subsequently forfeited to or reacquired by the Company, (c) the number of Common Shares reserved under the Predecessor Plan that are not issued or subject to outstanding awards under the Predecessor Plan on the IPO Date and (d) the additional Common Shares described in Articles 3.2 and 3.3; provided, however, that no more than 6,047,227 Common Shares, in the aggregate, shall be added to the Plan pursuant to clauses (b) and (c). The Company shall reserve and keep available such number of Common Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. The numerical limitations in this Article 3.1 shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 9. 
 3.2 Annual Increase in Shares . On the first day of each fiscal year of the Company during the term of the Plan, commencing in 2022 and ending in (and including) 2031, the aggregate number of Common Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall automatically increase by a number equal to the lesser of (a) 5 of the total number of Common Shares actually issued and outstanding on the last day of the preceding fiscal year, or (b) a number of Common Shares determined by the Board. 
 3.3 Shares Returned to Reserve . To the extent that Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Units or other Awards are forfeited, cancelled or expire for any reason before being exercised or settled in full, the Common Shares subject to such Awards shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. If SARs are exercised or Restricted Stock Units are settled, then only the number of Common Shares (if any) actually issued to the Participant upon exercise of such SARs or settlement of such Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, shall reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3.1 and the balance shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. If Restricted Shares or Common Shares issued upon the exercise of Options are reacquired by the Company pursuant to a forfeiture provision, repurchase right or for any other reason, then such Common Shares shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. Common Shares applied to pay the Exercise Price of Options or to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to any Award shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. To the extent that an Award is settled in cash rather than Common Shares, the cash settlement shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 
 3.4 Awards Not Reducing Share Reserve . To the extent permitted under applicable exchange listing standards, any dividend equivalents paid or credited under the Plan with respect to Restricted Stock Units shall not be applied against the number of Common Shares that may be issued under the Plan, whether or not such dividend equivalents are converted into Restricted Stock Units. In addition, Common Shares subject to Substitute Awards granted by the Company shall not reduce the number of Common Shares that may be issued under Article 3.1, nor shall shares subject to Substitute Awards again be available for Awards under the Plan in the event of any forfeiture, expiration or cash settlement of such Substitute Awards. 
 3.5 Code Section 422 and Other Limits. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 9: 
 (a) No more than 15,248,383 Common Shares may be issued under the Plan upon the exercise of ISOs. 
 (b) The aggregate grant date fair value of Awards granted to an Outside Director during any one fiscal year of the Company, together with the value of any cash compensation paid to the Outside Director during such fiscal year, may not exceed 750,000 (on a per-Director basis); provided however that the limitation that will apply in the fiscal year in which the Outside Director is initially appointed or elected to the Board shall instead be 1,000,000. For purposes of this limitation, the grant date fair value of an Award shall be determined in accordance with the assumptions that the Company uses to estimate the value of share-based payments for financial reporting purposes. For the sake of clarity, neither Awards granted, nor compensation paid, to an individual for his or her service as an Employee or Consultant, but not as an Outside Director, shall count towards this limitation. 
 ARTICLE 4. ELIGIBILITY . 

4.1 Incentive Stock Options . Only Employees who are common-law employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, an Employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or any of its Parents or Subsidiaries shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the additional requirements set forth in Code Section 422(c)(5) are satisfied. 
 4.2 Other Awards . Awards other than ISOs may be granted to both Employees and other Service Providers. 
 ARTICLE 5. OPTIONS . 
 5.1 Stock Option Agreement . Each grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or an NSO. The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 
 5.2 Number of Shares . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Common Shares subject to the Option, which number shall adjust in accordance with Article 9. 
 5.3 Exercise Price . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant. The preceding sentence shall not apply to an Option that is a Substitute Award granted in a manner that would satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A and, if applicable, Code Section 424(a). 
 5.4 Exercisability and Term . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date or event when all or any installment of the Option is to become vested and/or exercisable. The vesting and exercisability conditions applicable to the Option may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination of such conditions. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option; provided that, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable foreign law, the term of an Option shall in no event exceed 10 years from the date of grant. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting and/or exercisability upon certain specified events and may provide for expiration prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Optionee s service. 
 5.5 Death of Optionee . After an Optionee s death, any vested and exercisable Options held by such Optionee may be exercised by his or her beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each Optionee may designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Optionee s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, then any vested and exercisable Options held by the Optionee may be exercised by his or her estate. 
 5.6 Modification or Assumption of Options . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify, extend or assume outstanding options. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Option. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, and except for the adjustments provided in Article 9, neither the Administrator nor any other person may (a) decrease the exercise price for any outstanding Option after the date of grant, (b) cancel or allow an Optionee to surrender an outstanding Option to the Company in exchange for cash or as consideration for the grant of a new Option with a lower exercise price or the grant of another type of Award the effect of which is to reduce the exercise price of any outstanding Option, or (c) take any other action with respect to an Option that would be treated as a repricing under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other principal U.S. national securities exchange on which the Common Shares are traded). 
 5.7 Buyout Provisions . Except to the extent prohibited by Article 5.6, the Administrator may at any time (a) offer to buy out for a payment in cash or cash equivalents an Option previously granted or (b) authorize an Optionee to elect to cash out an Option previously granted, in either case at such time and based upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish. 

5.8 Payment for Option Shares . The entire Exercise Price of Common Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash or cash equivalents at the time when such Common Shares are purchased. In addition, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, accept payment of all or a portion of the Exercise Price through any one or a combination of the following forms or methods: 
 (a) Subject to any conditions or limitations established by the Administrator, by surrendering, or attesting to the ownership of, Common Shares that are already owned by the Optionee with a value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Common Shares as to which such Option will be exercised; 
 (b) By delivering (on a form prescribed by the Company) an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or part of the Common Shares being purchased under the Plan and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company; 
 (c) Subject to such conditions and requirements as the Administrator may impose from time to time, through a net exercise procedure; or 
 (d) Through any other form or method consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
 ARTICLE 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . 
 6.1 SAR Agreement . Each grant of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced by a SAR Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 6.2 Number of Shares . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Common Shares to which the SAR pertains, which number shall adjust in accordance with Article 9. 
 6.3 Exercise Price . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which shall in no event be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant. The preceding sentence shall not apply to a SAR that is a Substitute Award granted in a manner that would satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 6.4 Exercisability and Term . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become vested and exercisable. The vesting and exercisability conditions applicable to the SAR may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination thereof. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR; provided that except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable foreign law, the term of a SAR shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting and exercisability upon certain specified events and may provide for expiration prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Optionee s service. 
 6.5 Exercise of SARs . Upon exercise of a SAR, the Optionee (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR after his or her death) shall receive from the Company (a) Common Shares, (b) cash or (c) a combination of Common Shares and cash, as the Administrator shall determine. The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Common Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, not exceed the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of surrender) of the Common Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price. If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion. A SAR Agreement may also provide for an automatic exercise of the SAR on an earlier date. 
 6.6 Death of Optionee . After an Optionee s death, any vested and exercisable SARs held by such Optionee may be exercised by his or her beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each Optionee may designate one or more beneficiaries 

for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Optionee s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, then any vested and exercisable SARs held by the Optionee at the time of his or her death may be exercised by his or her estate. 
 6.7 Modification or Assumption of SARs . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify, extend or assume outstanding SARs. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of a SAR shall, without the consent of the Optionee, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such SAR. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, and except for the adjustments provided in Article 9, neither the Administrator nor any other person may (a) decrease the exercise price for any outstanding SAR after the date of grant, (b) cancel or allow an Optionee to surrender an outstanding SAR to the Company in exchange for cash or as consideration for the grant of a new SAR with a lower exercise price or the grant of another type of Award the effect of which is to reduce the exercise price of any outstanding SAR, or (c) take any other action with respect to a SAR that would be treated as a repricing under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other principal U.S. national securities exchange on which the Common Shares are traded). 
 ARTICLE 7. RESTRICTED SHARES . 
 7.1 Restricted Stock Agreement . Each grant of Restricted Shares under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement between the recipient and the Company. Such Restricted Shares shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 7.2 Payment for Awards . Restricted Shares may be sold or awarded under the Plan for such consideration as the Administrator may determine, including (without limitation) cash, cash equivalents, property, cancellation of other equity awards, promissory notes, past services and future services, and such other methods of payment as are permitted by applicable law. 
 7.3 Vesting Conditions . Each Award of Restricted Shares may or may not be subject to vesting and/or other conditions as the Administrator may determine. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Agreement. A Restricted Stock Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting upon certain specified events. 
 
 7.4 Voting and Dividend Rights . The holders of Restricted Shares awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s other stockholders, unless the Administrator otherwise provides. A Restricted Stock Agreement, however, may require that any cash dividends paid on Restricted Shares (a) be accumulated and paid when such Restricted Shares vest, or (b) be invested in additional Restricted Shares. Such additional Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the shares subject to the Award with respect to which the dividends were paid. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or other distributions are paid in Common Shares, such Common Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Shares with respect to which they were paid. 
 7.5 Modification or Assumption of Restricted Shares . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify or assume outstanding Restricted Shares or may accept the cancellation of outstanding restricted shares (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Restricted Shares for the same or a different number of shares or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of Restricted Shares shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Restricted Shares. 
 ARTICLE 8. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 8.1 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement . Each grant of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the recipient and the Company. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 

8.2 Payment for Awards . To the extent that an Award is granted in the form of Restricted Stock Units, no cash consideration shall be required of the Award recipients. 
 8.3 Vesting Conditions . Each Award of Restricted Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting, as determined by the Administrator. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Vesting conditions may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination thereof. A Restricted Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting upon certain specified events. 
 8.4 Voting and Dividend Rights . The holders of Restricted Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan may, at the Administrator s discretion, provide for a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash dividends paid on one Common Share while the Restricted Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Common Shares, or in a combination of both. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach. 
 
 8.5 Form and Time of Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Common Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Administrator. The actual number of Restricted Stock Units eligible for settlement may be larger or smaller than the number included in the original Award, based on predetermined performance factors. Methods of converting Restricted Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average value of Common Shares over a series of trading days. Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in such manner and at such time(s) as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Until an Award of Restricted Stock Units is settled, the number of such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 9. 
 8.6 Death of Recipient . Any Restricted Stock Units that become payable after the recipient s death shall be distributed to the recipient s beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each recipient of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan may designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Award recipient s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Award recipient, then any Restricted Stock Units that become payable after the recipient s death shall be distributed to the recipient s estate. 
 8.7 Modification or Assumption of Restricted Stock Units . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify or assume outstanding restricted stock units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding restricted stock units (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Restricted Stock Units for the same or a different number of shares or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of a Restricted Stock Unit shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Restricted Stock Unit. 
 8.8 Creditors Rights . A holder of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 9. ADJUSTMENTS; DISSOLUTIONS AND LIQUIDATIONS; CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 9.1 Adjustments . In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Common Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Common Shares or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued Common Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, proportionate adjustments shall be made to the following: 

(a) The number and kind of shares available for issuance under Article 3, including the numerical share limits in Articles 3.1 and 3.5; 
 (b) The number and kind of shares covered by each outstanding Option, SAR, and Restricted Stock Unit; and/or 
 
 (c) The Exercise Price applicable to each outstanding Option and SAR, and the repurchase price, if any, applicable to Restricted Shares. 
 In the event of a declaration of an extraordinary dividend payable in a form other than Common Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Common Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Administrator may make such adjustments as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate to the foregoing. Any adjustment in the number of shares subject to an Award under this Article 9.1 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share, although the Administrator in its sole discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of a fractional share. Except as provided in this Article 9, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issuance by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. 
 9.2 Dissolution or Liquidation . To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. 
 9.3 Corporate Transactions . In the event that the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or a Change in Control (other than one described in Article 14.6(d)), all Common Shares acquired under the Plan and all Awards outstanding on the effective date of the transaction shall be treated in the manner described in the definitive transaction agreement (or, in the event the transaction does not entail a definitive agreement to which the Company is party, in the manner determined by the Administrator, with such determination having final and binding effect on all parties), which agreement or determination need not treat all Awards (or portions thereof) in an identical manner. Unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise, the treatment specified in the transaction agreement or by the Administrator may include (without limitation) one or more of the following with respect to each outstanding Award: 
 (a) The continuation of such outstanding Award by the Company (if the Company is the surviving entity); 
 (b) The assumption of such outstanding Award by the surviving entity or its parent, provided that the assumption of an Option or a SAR shall comply with applicable tax requirements; 
 (c) The substitution by the surviving entity or its parent of an equivalent award for such outstanding Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the holders of Common Shares in the transaction), provided that the substitution of an Option or a SAR shall comply with applicable tax requirements; 
 (d) In the case of an Option or SAR, the cancellation of such Award without payment of any consideration. An Optionee shall be able to exercise his or her outstanding Option or SAR, to the extent such Option or SAR is then vested or become vested as of the effective time of the transaction, during a period of not less than five full business days preceding the closing date of the transaction, unless (i) a shorter period is required to permit a timely closing of the transaction and (ii) such shorter period still offers the Optionees a reasonable opportunity to exercise such Option or SAR. Any exercise of such Option or SAR during such period may be contingent on the closing of the transaction; 
 
 (e) The cancellation of such Award and a payment to the Participant with respect to each share subject to the portion of the Award that is vested or becomes vested as of the effective time of the transaction equal to the excess of (A) the value, as determined by the Administrator in its absolute discretion, of the property (including cash) received by the holder of a Common Share as a result of the transaction, over (if applicable) (B) the per-share Exercise Price of such Award (such excess, if any, the Spread ). Such payment shall be made in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or securities of the surviving entity or its parent having a value equal to the Spread. In addition, any escrow, holdback, earn-out or similar provisions in the transaction agreement may apply to such 

payment to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to the holders of Common Shares. If the Spread applicable to an Award (whether or not vested) is zero or a negative number, then the Award may be cancelled without making a payment to the Participant. In the event that an Award is subject to Code Section 409A, the payment described in this clause (e) shall be made on the settlement date specified in the applicable Award Agreement, provided that settlement may be accelerated in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4); or 
 (f) The assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of an Award of Restricted Shares to the surviving entity or its parent, with corresponding proportionate adjustments made to the price per share to be paid upon exercise of any such reacquisition or repurchase rights. 
 Unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise, each outstanding Award held by a Participant who remains a Service Provider as of the effective time of a merger, consolidation or Change in Control (other than one described in Article 14.6(d)) (a Current Participant shall become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction and, in the case of an Award subject to performance-based vesting conditions, such performance-based vesting conditions shall be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels. However, the prior sentence shall not apply, and an outstanding Award shall not become vested and, if applicable, exercisable, if and to the extent the Award is continued, assumed or substituted as provided for in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above. In addition, the prior two sentences shall not apply to an Award held by a Participant who is not a Current Participant unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise or unless the Company and the acquirer agree otherwise. 
 For avoidance of doubt, the Administrator shall have the discretion, exercisable either at the time an Award is granted or at any time while the Award remains outstanding, to provide for the acceleration of vesting upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whether or not the Award is to be assumed or replaced in the transaction, or in connection with a termination of the Participant s service following a transaction. 
 Any action taken under this Article 9.3 shall either preserve an Award s status as exempt from Code Section 409A or comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 ARTICLE 10. OTHER AWARDS . 
 Subject in all events to the limitations under Article 3 above as to the number of Common Shares available for issuance under this Plan, the Company may grant other forms of Awards not specifically described herein and may grant awards under other plans or programs, where such awards are settled in the form of Common Shares issued under this Plan. Such Common Shares shall be treated for all purposes under the Plan like Common Shares issued in settlement of Restricted Stock Units and shall, when issued, reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3. 
 ARTICLE 11. LIMITATION ON RIGHTS . 
 11.1 Retention Rights . Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain a Service Provider. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the Service of any Service Provider at any time, with or without cause, subject to applicable laws, the Company s certificate of incorporation and by-laws and a written employment agreement (if any). 
 11.2 Stockholders Rights . Except as set forth in Article 7.4 or 8.4 above, a Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a stockholder with respect to any Common Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the time when a stock certificate for such Common Shares is issued or, if applicable, the time when he or she becomes entitled to receive such Common Shares by filing any required notice of exercise and paying any required Exercise Price. No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to such time, except as expressly provided in the Plan. 
 11.3 Regulatory Requirements . Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Common Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Common Shares pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Common Shares, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from 

registration, qualification or listing. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed necessary by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Common Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Common Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained. 
 11.4 Transferability of Awards. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit transfer of an Award in a manner consistent with applicable law. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, Awards shall be transferable by a Participant only by (a) beneficiary designation, (b) a will or (c) the laws of descent and distribution; provided that, in any event, an ISO may only be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by the Optionee s guardian or legal representative. 
 11.5 Recoupment Policy. All Awards granted under the Plan, all amounts paid under the Plan and all Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to recoupment, clawback or recovery by the Company in accordance with applicable law and with Company policy (whenever adopted) regarding same, whether or not such policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or other applicable law, as well as any implementing regulations and/or listing standards thereunder. 
 11.6 Other Conditions and Restrictions on Common Shares . Any Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such forfeiture conditions, rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal, other transfer restrictions and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine. Such conditions and restrictions shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Common Shares generally. In addition, Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions imposed either by applicable law or by Company policy, as adopted from time to time, designed to ensure compliance with applicable law or laws with which the Company determines in its sole discretion to comply including in order to maintain any statutory, regulatory or tax advantage. 
 ARTICLE 12. TAXES . 
 12.1 General . It is a condition to each Award under the Plan that a Participant or his or her successor shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with any Award granted under the Plan. The Company shall not be required to issue any Common Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan unless such obligations are satisfied. 
 12.2 Share Withholding . To the extent that applicable law subjects a Participant to tax withholding obligations, the Administrator may permit such Participant to satisfy all or part of such obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Common Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering all or a portion of any Common Shares that he or she previously acquired. Such Common Shares shall be valued on the date when they are withheld or surrendered. Any payment of taxes by assigning Common Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions including any restrictions required by SEC, accounting or other rules. 
 12.3 Section 409A Matters. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in an Award Agreement, it is intended that Awards granted under the Plan either be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A. To the extent an Award is subject to Code Section 409A (a 409A Award ), the terms of the Plan, the Award and any written agreement governing the Award shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that the Award is not subject to additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A, unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise. A 409A Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as specified by the Administrator from time to time in order for it to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a separation from service to an individual who is considered a specified employee (as each term is defined under Code Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the Participant s separation from service or (ii) the Participant s death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to Code Section 409A(a)(1). 

12.4 Limitation on Liability . Neither the Company nor any person serving as Administrator shall have any liability to a Participant in the event an Award held by the Participant fails to achieve its intended characterization under applicable tax law. 
 ARTICLE 13. FUTURE OF THE PLAN . 
 13.1 Term of the Plan . The Plan, as set forth herein, shall become effective on the date of its adoption by the Board, subject to approval of the Company s stockholders under Article 13.3 below. The Plan shall terminate automatically 10 years after the date when the Board adopted the Plan. 
 13.2 Amendment or Termination . The Board may, at any time and for any reason, amend or terminate the Plan. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the termination thereof. The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not affect any Award previously granted under the Plan. 
 13.3 Stockholder Approval . To the extent required by applicable law, the Plan will be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders within 12 months of its adoption date. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders only to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
 ARTICLE 14. DEFINITIONS . 
 14.1 Administrator means the Board or any Committee administering the Plan in accordance with Article 2. 
 14.2 Affiliate means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50 of such entity. 
 14.3 Award means any award granted under the Plan, including as an Option, a SAR, a Restricted Share award, a Restricted Stock Unit award or another form of equity-based compensation award. 
 14.4 Award Agreement means a Stock Option Agreement, a SAR Agreement, a Restricted Stock Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or such other agreement evidencing an Award granted under the Plan. 
 14.5 Board means the Company s Board of Directors, as constituted from time to time and, where the context so requires, reference to the Board may refer to a Committee to whom the Board has delegated authority to administer any aspect of this Plan. 
 14.6 Change in Control means: 
 (a) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities; 
 (b) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 
 (c) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or 

(d) Individuals who are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board over a period of 12 months; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. In addition, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award which provides for a deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or applicable Award Agreement the transaction with respect to such Award must also constitute a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 
 14.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 14.8 Committee means a committee of one or more members of the Board, or of other individuals satisfying applicable laws, appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 14.9 Common Share means one share of the Company s common stock. 
 14.10 Company means Flywire Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 14.11 Consultant means a consultant or adviser who provides bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate as an independent contractor and who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act. 
 14.12 Employee means a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. 
 14.13 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 14.14 Exercise Price , in the case of an Option, means the amount for which one Common Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. Exercise Price, in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value of one Common Share in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. 
 
 14.15 Fair Market Value means the closing price of a Common Share on any established stock exchange or a national market system on the applicable date or, if the applicable date is not a trading day, on the last trading day prior to the applicable date, as reported in a source that the Administrator deems reliable. If Common Shares are not traded on an established stock exchange or a national market system, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate. The Administrator s determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the determination of the Fair Market Value in all cases shall be in accordance with the requirements set forth under Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary for an Award to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code. 
 14.16 IPO Date means the effective date of the registration statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission for its initial offering of the Common Shares to the public. 
 14.17 ISO means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422(b). 
 14.18 NSO means a stock option not described in Code Sections 422 or 423. 
 14.19 Option means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan and entitling the holder to purchase Common Shares. 

14.20 Optionee means an individual or estate holding an Option or SAR. 
 14.21 Outside Director means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. 
 14.22 Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. 
 14.23 Participant means an individual or estate holding an Award. 
 14.24 Plan means this Flywire 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 14.25 Predecessor Plan means the Company s 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 14.26 Restricted Share means a Common Share awarded under the Plan. 
 14.27 Restricted Stock Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Share that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Share. 
 14.28 Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Common Share, as awarded under the Plan. 
 
 14.29 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Stock Unit that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Stock Unit. 
 14.30 SAR means a stock appreciation right granted under the Plan. 
 14.31 SAR Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and an Optionee that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to his or her SAR. 
 14.32 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 14.33 Service Provider means any individual who is an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant, including any prospective Employee, Outside Director or Consultant who has accepted an offer of employment or service and will be an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant after the commencement of their service. 
 14.34 Stock Option Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and an Optionee that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to his or her Option. 
 14.35 Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date 
 14.36 Substitute Awards means Awards or Common Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a corporation acquired by the Company or any Affiliate or with which the Company or any Affiliate combines to the extent permitted by the applicable exchange listing standards. 

F LYWIRE C ORPORATION 
 2021 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 N OTICE OF S TOCK O PTION G RANT 
 You have been granted the following option to purchase shares of the common stock of Flywire Corporation (the Company ): 

Name of Optionee: 
 
 Name 

Total Number of Shares: 
 
 TotalShares 

Type of Option: 
 
 ISO Incentive Stock Option 

NSO Nonstatutory Stock Option 

Exercise Price per Share: 
 
 PricePerShare 

Date of Grant: 
 
 DateGrant 

Vesting Commencement Date: 
 
 VestDay 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 This option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to the first CliffPercent of the shares subject to this option when you complete CliffPeriod months of continuous service as an [Employee or Consultant][Outside Director] Service after the Vesting Commencement Date. This option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to an additional IncrementalPercent of the shares subject to this option when you complete each additional month of continuous Service thereafter. 

Expiration Date: 
 
 ExpDate . This option expires earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described in the Stock Option Agreement, and may terminate earlier in connection with certain corporate transactions as described in Article 9 of the Plan. 

You and the Company agree that this option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, both of which are attached to, and made a part of, this document. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to options awarded under the Plan, future options that may be awarded under the Plan and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to security holders (including annual reports and proxy statements) by email or other electronic means (including by posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing the Internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of Internet access may interfere with your ability to access the documents. 
 You further agree to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy when selling shares of the Company s common stock. 

F LYWIRE C ORPORATION 
 2021 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 S TOCK O PTION A GREEMENT 

Grant of Option 
 
 Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Grant Notice ), this Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement and the Plan, the Company has granted you an option to purchase up to the total number of shares specified in the Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in the Grant Notice. All capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan. 

Tax Treatment 
 
 This option is intended to be an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code or a nonstatutory stock option, as provided in the Grant Notice. However, even if this option is designated as an incentive stock option in the Grant Notice, it shall be deemed to be a nonstatutory stock option to the extent it does not qualify as an incentive stock option under federal tax law, including under the 100,000 annual limitation under Section 422(d) of the Code. 

Vesting 
 
 This option vests and becomes exercisable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. In no event will this option vest or become exercisable for additional shares after your Service has terminated for any reason unless expressly provided in a written agreement between you and the Company. 

Term of Option 
 
 This option expires in any event at the close of business at Company headquarters on the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant, as shown in the Grant Notice. (This option will expire earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described below, and this option may be terminated earlier as provided in Article 9 of the Plan.) 

Termination of Service 
 
 If your Service terminates for any reason, this option will expire to the extent it is unvested as of your termination date and does not vest as a result of your termination of Service. The Company determines whether and when your Service terminates for all purposes of this option. 

Regular Termination 
 
 If your Service terminates for any reason except death or total and permanent disability, then this option, to the extent vested as of your termination date, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date three months after your termination date. 

Death 
 
 If your Service terminates as a result of your death, then this option, to the extent vested as of the date of your death, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve months after the date of death. 

Disability 
 
 If your Service terminates because of your total and permanent disability, then this option, to the extent vested as of your termination date, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date six months after your termination date. For all purposes under this Agreement, total and permanent disability means that you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted, or can be expected to last, for a continuous period of not less than one year. 

Leaves of Absence and Part-Time Work 
 
 For purposes of this option, your Service does not terminate when you go on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence, if the leave was approved by the Company in writing, and if continued crediting of Service is required by applicable law, the 

Company s leave of absence policy or the terms of your leave. However, your Service terminates when the approved leave ends, unless you immediately return to active work. If you go on a leave of absence, or if you commence working on a part-time basis, the Company may adjust the vesting schedule in accordance with the Company s leave of absence policy or the terms of your leave or so that the rate of vesting is commensurate with your reduced work schedule, as applicable. 

Restrictions on Exercise 
 
 The Company will not permit you to exercise this option if the issuance of shares at that time would violate any law or regulation. 

Notice of Exercise 
 
 When you wish to exercise this option, you must notify the Company by filing the proper Notice of Exercise form at the address given on the form or, if the Company has designated a third party to administer the Plan, you must notify such third party in the manner such third party requires. Your notice must specify how many shares you wish to purchase. The notice will be effective when the Company receives it. However, if you wish to exercise this option by executing a same-day sale (as described below), you must follow the instructions of the Company and the broker who will execute the sale. If someone else wants to exercise this option after your death, that person must prove to the Company s satisfaction that he or she is entitled to do so. You may only exercise your option for whole shares. 

Form of Payment 
 
 When you submit your notice of exercise, you must make arrangements for the payment of the option exercise price for the shares that you are purchasing. To the extent permitted by applicable law, payment may be made in one (or a combination of two or more) of the following forms: By delivering to the Company your personal check, a cashier s check or a money order, or arranging for a wire transfer. By giving to a securities broker approved by the Company irrevocable directions to sell all or part of your option shares and to deliver to the Company, from the sale proceeds, an amount sufficient to pay the option exercise price and any Tax-Related Items (as defined below). (The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, will be delivered to you.) The directions must be given in accordance with the instructions of the Company and the broker. This exercise method is sometimes called a same-day sale. The Company may permit other forms of payment in its discretion to the extent permitted by the Plan. 

Withholding Taxes 
 
 Regardless of any action the Company (or, if applicable, the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining you (the Employer )) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and/or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the options, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the option, the issuance of shares upon exercise of the option, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and/or any dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the option or any aspect of the option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. You will not be allowed to exercise this option unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company and/or the Employer to pay any Tax-Related Items that the Company and/or 

the Employer determine must be withheld. These arrangements include payment in cash or via the same-day sale procedure described above. With the Company s 

consent, these arrangements may also include (a) withholding shares of Company stock that otherwise would be issued to you when you exercise this option with a value equal to withholding taxes, (b) surrendering shares that you previously acquired with a value equal to the withholding taxes, or (c) withholding cash from other compensation. The value of withheld or surrendered shares, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied to the Tax-Related Items. 

Restrictions on Resale 
 
 You agree not to sell any option shares at a time when applicable laws, Company policies or an agreement between the Company and its underwriters prohibit a sale. This restriction will apply as long as your Service continues and for such period of time after the termination of your Service as the Company may specify. 

Transfer of Option 
 
 Prior to your death, only you may exercise this option. You cannot transfer or assign this option. For instance, you may not sell this option or use it as security for a loan. If you attempt to do any of these things, this option will immediately become invalid. You may, however, dispose of this option in your will or by means of a written beneficiary designation (if authorized by the Company and to the extent such beneficiary designation is valid under applicable law) which must be filed with the Company on the proper form; provided, however, that your beneficiary or a representative of your estate acknowledges and agrees in writing in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan as if such beneficiary or representative of the estate were you. Regardless of any marital property settlement agreement, the Company is not obligated to honor a notice of exercise from your former spouse, nor is the Company obligated to recognize your former spouse s interest in your option in any other way. 

No Retention Rights 
 
 You understand that neither this option nor this Agreement alters the at-will nature of your relationship with the Company. Your option or this Agreement does not give you the right to be retained by the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or an Affiliate in any capacity. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause. 

Stockholder Rights 
 
 You, or your estate or heirs, have no rights as a stockholder of the Company until you have exercised this option by giving the required notice to the Company, paying the exercise price, and satisfying any applicable Tax-Related Items. No adjustments are made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before you exercise this option, except as described in the Plan. 

Recoupment Policy 
 
 This option, and the shares acquired upon exercise of this option, shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy in effect from time to time. 

Adjustments 
 
 In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company common stock, the number of shares covered by this option and the exercise price per share will be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 

Effect of Significant Corporate Transactions 
 
 If the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or certain change in control transactions, then this option will be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 9 of the Plan. 

Applicable Law 
 
 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions). 

The Plan and Other Agreements 
 
 The text of the Plan is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. This Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this option. Any prior agreements, commitments or 

negotiations concerning this option are superseded. This Agreement may be amended only by another written agreement between the parties. 

BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION GRANT, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS 
 AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

Flywire Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award 
 You have been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of common stock of Flywire Corporation (the Company on the following terms: 
 Name of Recipient:	 MERGEFIELD Name Name 
 Total Number of RSUs Granted:	 MERGEFIELD TotalShares TotalRSUs 
 Date of Grant:	 MERGEFIELD DateGrant DateGrant 
 Vesting Schedule:	 Please refer to Appendix: Vesting Schedule 
 You and the Company agree that these RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, the Israeli Appendix thereunder and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any additional terms and conditions for your country included in the appendix attached thereto (the Appendix and, together with the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Agreement ), all of which are attached to, and made a part of, this document. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to RSUs awarded under the Plan, future RSUs that may be awarded under the Plan and all documents that the Company is required to deliver to security holders (including annual reports and proxy statements) by email or other electronic means (including posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing the Internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of Internet access may interfere with your ability to access the documents. 

Flywire Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

Grant of RSUs 
 Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Grant Notice ), this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any additional terms and conditions for your country including in the appendix attached hereto (the Appendix and, together with the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, this Agreement and the Flywire Corporation 2021 Equity Inventive Plan (the Plan ), the Company has granted to you the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice. All capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan. 

Nature of RSUs 
 Your RSUs are bookkeeping entries. They represent only the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of common stock on a future date. As a holder of RSUs, you have no rights other than the rights of a general creditor of the Company. 

Payment for RSUs 
 No payment is required for the RSUs that you receive. 

Vesting 
 The RSUs vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. In no event will any additional RSUs vest after your Service has terminated for any reason unless expressly provided in a written agreement between you and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, Service during only a portion of the vesting schedule, but where your Service terminates prior to a vesting date, will not entitle you to vest in a pro-rata portion of the RSUs. Note that you will not receive any consideration in respect of your vested RSUs until they are settled in accordance with the Settlement of RSUs section below. 

Termination of Service/Forfeiture 
 If your Service terminates for any reason, then the RSUs will be forfeited to the extent that they have not vested before the termination date and do not vest as a result of the termination of your Service. This means that any RSUs that have not vested under this Agreement will be cancelled immediately. You will receive no 

payment for RSUs that are forfeited. The Company determines when your Service terminates for all purposes of your RSUs. For purposes of the RSUs, your Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary or Affiliate to which you provides services (the Service Recipient (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing services or the terms of your employment or other service agreement, if any) and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company your right to vest in the RSUs will not be extended by any notice period e.g., your Service will not be extended by any contractual notice period or period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or otherwise rendering services or the terms of your employment or other service agreement, if any). The Company shall have exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the RSUs (including when you are no longer considered to be in continued Service while on a leave of absence). 

Leaves of Absence and Part-Time Work 
 If you go on a leave of absence, the treatment of your RSUs will be governed by the Company s Leave of Absence Policy, if any, currently in effect. If you commence working on a part-time basis, the Company may adjust the vesting schedule so that the rate of vesting is commensurate with your reduced work schedule, as applicable, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

Settlement of RSUs 
 Each RSU that is subject to mandatory Sell-to-Cover Settlement Method (see Responsibility for Taxes, below) will be settled on the day when the RSU vests. Each other RSU will be settled on the first Permissible Trading Day that occurs on or after the day when the RSU vests. However, each RSU must be settled not later than the March 15 of the calendar year after the calendar year in which the RSU vests. At the time of settlement, you will receive one share of the Company s common stock for each vested RSU. But the Company, at its sole discretion, may substitute an equivalent amount of cash, including by using a forced sale method of settlement. The amount of cash will be determined on the basis of the market value of the Company s common stock at the time of settlement. 

Permissible Trading Day 
 Permissible Trading Day means a day that satisfies each of the following requirements: 

The Nasdaq Global Market is open for trading on that day, 

 You are permitted to sell shares of the Company s common stock on that day without incurring liability under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 

 Either (a) you are not in possession of material non-public information that would make it illegal for you to sell shares of the Company s common stock on that day under Rule 10b-5 of the Securities and Exchange Commission or (b) Rule 10b5 1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission is applicable, 

 Under the Company s insider trading policy, you are permitted to sell shares of the Company s common stock on that day, and 

 You are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s common stock on that day by a written agreement between you and the Company or a third party. 

Section 409A 
 Unless you and the Company have agreed to a deferred settlement date (pursuant to procedures that the Company may prescribe at its discretion), settlement of these restricted stock units is intended to be exempt from the application of Code Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be administered and interpreted in a manner that complies with such exception. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that settlement of these RSUs is not exempt from Code Section 409A and the Company determines that you are a specified employee, as defined in the regulations under Code Section 409A at the time of your separation from service, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), then this paragraph will apply. If this paragraph applies, and the event triggering settlement is your separation from service, then any RSUs that otherwise would have been settled during the first six months following your separation from service will instead be settled on the first business day following the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of your separation from service or (ii) your death. Each installment of RSUs that vests is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. 

No Voting Rights or Dividends 
 Your RSUs carry neither voting rights nor rights to cash dividends. You have no rights as a stockholder of the Company unless and until your RSUs are settled by issuing shares of the Company s common stock. 

RSUs Nontransferable 
 You may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of any RSUs. For instance, you may not use the RSUs as security for a loan. In addition, regardless of any marital property settlement agreement, the Company is not obligated to recognize your former spouse s interest in the RSUs in any way. 

Beneficiary Designation 
 You may dispose of your RSUs in a written beneficiary designation if authorized by the Company and to the extent such beneficiary designation is valid under applicable law. Any beneficiary designation must be filed with the Company on the proper form. It will be recognized only if it has been received at the Company s headquarters before your death. If you file no beneficiary designation or if none of your designated beneficiaries survives you, then your estate will receive any vested RSUs that you hold at the time of your death. 

Responsibility for Taxes 
 Regardless of any action the Company or the Service Recipient takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company and/or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the issuance of shares upon vesting of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such vesting or the receipt of any dividends and/or any dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit to, and are under no obligation to, structure the terms of the RSUs or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy any withholding obligations with regard to Tax-Related Items by the following: 

Instructing a brokerage firm selected by the Company for this purpose to sell on your behalf a number of whole shares of Company stock to be issued to you when the RSUs are settled that the Company or its designee determines is appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the Tax-Related Items Sell-to-Cover Settlement Method ). You acknowledge that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price. Regardless of whether the Company arranges for such sale, you will be responsible for all fees and other costs of sale, and you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages or expenses relating to any such sale. 

Restrictions on Issuance 
 The Company will not issue any shares to you if the issuance of shares at that time would violate any law or regulation. 

Restrictions on Resale 
 You agree not to sell any shares at a time when applicable laws, Company policies or an agreement between the Company and its underwriters prohibit a sale. This restriction will apply as long as your Service continues and for such period of time after the termination of your Service as the Company may specify. 

No Retention Rights 
 To the extent that you are a U.S.-based Service provider, you understand that neither this award nor this Agreement alters the at-will nature of your relationship with the Company or the Service Recipient. Your award or this Agreement does not give you the right to be retained by the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or an Affiliate in any capacity. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause. 

Nature of Grant 
 By accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 1. the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is wholly discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 

 2. the grant of the RSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of 

restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past; 

 3. all decisions with respect to future grants of restricted stock units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

 4. you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

 5. the RSUs and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right of employment or other Service relationship with the Company; 

 6. the RSUs and your participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or Service relationship (if any); 

 7. the RSUs and any shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 

 8. the RSUs and any shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purposes, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 

 9. the future value of the shares underlying the RSUs is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

 10. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of any portion of the RSUs resulting from your termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and regardless of whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or other laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or otherwise rendering services or the terms of your employment or other service agreement, if any); 

 11. unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the RSUs and the shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or 

in connection with, the Service you may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or Affiliate; 

 12. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares; and; 

 13. neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any shares acquired upon settlement of the RSUs. 

Data Privacy and Consent 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and any other Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand and acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering your participation in the Plan. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your Data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipient, the Company and its other Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be transferred to Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC or its affiliates Fidelity ), or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, 

which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your Privacy Officer. You authorize the Company, Fidelity and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, or as required for the Company or the Service Recipient to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Privacy officer . Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service with the Service Recipient will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant RSUs or other equity awards to you or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your Privacy Officer. 

No Advice Regarding Grant 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares. You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

Adjustments 
 In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of your RSUs will be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 

Effect of Significant Corporate Transactions 
 If the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or certain change in control transactions, then your RSUs will be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 9 of the Plan, provided that any action taken must either (a) preserve the exemption of your RSUs from Code Section 409A or (b) comply with Code Section 409A. 

Recoupment Policy 
 This award, and the shares acquired upon settlement of this award, shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy in effect from time to time. 

Compliance with Law 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the shares, the Company shall not be required to issue any shares to you prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any U.S. or non-U.S. state or federal securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or of any other governmental body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any U.S. or non-U.S. local, state or federal governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the shares with any U.S. or non-U.S. state or federal securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the shares. Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend this Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the issuance of shares. 

Language 
 You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you have received this Agreement, or any other documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meanings of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will control. 

Severability 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

Appendix 
 Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSUs shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions for your country set forth in the Appendix attached hereto. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional terms 

and conditions for such country, if any, will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

Imposition of Other Requirements 
 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan and on any shares acquired under the Plan, if the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

Waiver 
 You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 

Insider Trading/Market Abuse 
 By accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge that you are bound by all the terms and conditions of the Company s Insider Trading Policy as may be in effect from time to time. You further acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country or the country in which the shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws which may affect your ability, directly or indirectly, to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell, or otherwise dispose of shares, rights to shares e.g. , RSUs) or rights linked to the value of shares, during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdiction(s)). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancelation or amendment of orders you placed before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, you understand that you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties by sharing with them Company inside information, or otherwise causing third parties to buy or sell Company securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to restrictions that may apply to you under the Company s Insider Trading Policy as may be in effect from time to time. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and any applicable regulatory trading restrictions. You should consult with your personal legal advisor on this matter. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements 
 You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on shares) in a brokerage or bank 

account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You may also be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with such regulations and that you should speak with a personal legal advisor on this matter. 

Applicable Law and Venue 
 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions), as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the court of Suffolk County, Massachusetts or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 

The Plan and Other Agreements 
 The text of the Plan is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. The Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this award. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this award are superseded. This Agreement may be amended only by another written agreement between the parties. 

BY ACCEPTING THIS RSU AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 flyw-ex10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.17 
 Flywire Corporation Management Cash Incentive Plan 
 ARTICLE 1. BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE 

1.1 Effective Date . This Plan became effective upon its adoption by the Committee and is not subject to approval by the Company s stockholders. 

1.2 Purpose of the Plan . The Plan is intended to provide Participants with the possibility of earning incentive bonuses. 

ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS 

The following words and phrases shall have the following meanings, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context: 
 2.1 Actual Award means, as to any Performance Period, the actual award amount (if any) payable to a Participant for the Performance Period. Each Actual Award is determined by the Payout Formula for the Performance Period, subject to the Administrator s authority under Section 3.6 to increase, eliminate or reduce the award otherwise indicated by the Payout Formula. 

2.2 Administrator means the Board, Committee or such other entity, group, or individual delegated authority to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 5.1 of the Plan. 

2.3 Affiliate means any corporation or other entity (including, without limitation, partnerships and joint ventures) controlled by the Company. 

2.4 Base Salary means, as to any Performance Period, the Participant s regular base salary as in effect at the end of the Performance Period. Base Salary shall be calculated before both (a) deductions for taxes or benefits and (b) any deferrals of compensation pursuant to Company-sponsored plans or Affiliate-sponsored plans. 

2.5 Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 

2.6 Change in Control means (a) a sale, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets, property or business of the Company, except where such sale, conveyance or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (b) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, entity or person, other than any such transaction in which the holders of voting capital stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the transaction continue to hold a majority of the voting capital stock of the Company (or the surviving or acquiring entity) outstanding immediately after the transaction (taking into account only stock of the Company held by such stockholders immediately prior to the transaction and stock issued on account of such stock in the transaction), or (c) the direct or indirect acquisition (including by way of a tender or exchange offer) by any person, or persons acting as a group, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares 

representing a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company; provided, however, that a Change in Control shall not include any transaction or series of related transactions (1) principally for bona fide equity financing purposes or (2) effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company. A series of related transactions shall be deemed to constitute a single transaction for purposes of determining whether a Change in Control has occurred. 

2.7 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

2.8 Company means Flywire Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 

2.9 Employee means any employee of the Company or of an Affiliate, whether such employee is so employed when the Plan is adopted or becomes so employed after the adoption of the Plan. 

2.10 Executive means any executive officers as defined under Rule 3b-7 and officer as defined under Rule 16a-f promulgated under Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act. 

2.11 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 

2.12 Participant means, as to any Performance Period, an Employee who has been selected for participation in the Plan for that Performance Period pursuant to Section 3.1. 

2.13 Payout Formula means, as to any Performance Period, the formula or payout matrix established by the Administrator pursuant to Section 3.5 in order to determine the Actual Awards (if any) to be paid to Participants. The formula or matrix may differ from Performance Period to Performance Period and from Participant to Participant. 

2.14 Performance Period means a Fiscal Year, or any longer or shorter period determined by the Administrator. 

2.15 Performance Goals means the goal(s) or combined goal(s) determined by the Administrator to be applicable to a Participant for a Target Award for a Performance Period. As determined by the Administrator, the Performance Goal(s) may provide for a targeted level or levels or achievement using the performance criteria specified by the Administrator. Possible, but non-exclusive, performance criteria are set forth in Appendix A attached to the Plan. 

2.16 Plan means this Flywire Corporation Management Cash Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

2.17 Shares means shares of the Company s common stock. 

2.18 Target Award means the target award amount payable under the Plan to a Participant for the Performance Period expressed as a percentage of his or her Base Salary or a specific dollar amount or by reference to a number of Shares, as determined by the Administrator in accordance with Section 3.4. 

2.19 Termination of Employment means a cessation of the employee-employer relationship between an Employee and the Company or an Affiliate for any reason, including (without limitation) a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability, retirement or the disaffiliation of an Affiliate, but excluding a transfer from the Company to an Affiliate or between Affiliates. 

ARTICLE 3. SELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS AND DETERMINATION OF AWARDS 

3.1 Selection of Participants . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall select the Employees who shall be Participants for any Performance Period. Participation in the Plan is in the sole discretion of the Administrator and shall be determined Performance Period by Performance Period. Accordingly, an Employee who is a Participant for a given Performance Period is in no way assured of being selected for participation in any subsequent Performance Period. 

3.2 Determination of Performance Period . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall establish whether a Performance Period shall be a Fiscal Year or such longer or shorter period of time. The Performance Period may differ from Participant to Participant and from award to award. 

3.3 Determination of Performance Goals . The Administrator shall establish the Performance Goals for each Participant for the Performance Period, and the Administrator (or its designee) shall communicate the applicable Performance Goals to each Participant. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from award to award. 

3.4 Determination of Target Awards . The Administrator shall establish a Target Award for each Participant for each Performance Period, and the Administrator (or its designee) shall communicate the applicable Target Award to each Participant. 

3.5 Determination of Payout Formula or Formulae . The Administrator will establish a Payout Formula or Formulae for purposes of determining the Actual Award (if any) payable to each Participant. Each Payout Formula may (a) be based on a comparison of actual performance to the Performance Goals, (b) provide for the payment of a Participant s Target Award if the Performance Goals for the Performance Period are achieved at the predetermined level and (c) provide for the payment of an Actual Award greater than or less than the Participant s Target Award, depending upon the extent to which actual performance exceeds or falls below the Performance Goals, subject to the limitations in Section 3.7. 

3.6 Determination of Actual Awards . After the end of each Performance Period, the Administrator will determine the extent to which the Performance Goals applicable to each Participant for the Performance Period were achieved or exceeded. The Actual Award for each Participant will be determined by applying the Payout Formula to the level of actual performance that has been determined by the Administrator; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the Administrator may (a) reduce or eliminate the Actual Award that otherwise would be payable under the Payout Formula; (b) increase the Actual Award; or (c) determine whether or not any Participant will receive an Actual Award in the event that the Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before such Actual Award is to be paid pursuant to Section 4.1. If a Participant s Actual Award is reduced or eliminated, no other Participant s 

Actual Award shall be increased as a result. The Administrator has the absolute discretion to reduce or eliminate payment of an Actual Award if in the Administrator s judgment corporate performance, financial condition, individual performance, general economic conditions, or other similar factors make such reduction or elimination appropriate. 

3.7 Maximum Actual Awards . The Administrator may establish the maximum amount or value of the Actual Award paid to any Participant for any Performance Period. 

ARTICLE 4. PAYMENT OF AWARDS 

4.1 Right to Receive Payment . A Participant shall have no right to receive an Actual Award unless the Participant is employed by the Company or an Affiliate on the date of payment, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator. 

4.2 Unfunded Plan . Each Actual Award that may become payable under the Plan shall be paid solely from the general assets of the Company or the Affiliate that employs the Participant (as the case may be), as determined by the Company. No amounts awarded or accrued under the Plan shall be funded, set aside or otherwise segregated prior to payment. The obligation to pay Actual Awards under the Plan shall at all times be an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. Participants shall have the status of general creditors of the Company or the Affiliate that employs the Participant. 

4.3 Timing of Payment . Subject to Sections 3.7 and 4.6, payment of each Actual Award shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable Performance Period, but in any event no later than March 15 th following the Performance Period. 

4.4 Form of Payment . Each Actual Award shall be paid in cash (or its equivalent) or in Share-based awards (or a combination thereof) in a single lump sum, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator. To the extent an Actual Award is paid in whole or in part in the form of Share-based awards, such awards shall be granted under an equity incentive plan maintained by the Company for the payment or awarding of Shares. 

4.5 Payment in the Event of Death . If a Participant dies before receiving an Actual Award that was scheduled to be paid before his or her death for a prior Performance Period, then the Actual Award shall be paid to the Participant s designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary has been designated, to the administrator or representative of his or her estate, subject to applicable law. Any beneficiary designation or revocation of a prior designation shall be effective only if it is in writing, signed by the Participant and received by the Company prior to the Participant s death, subject to applicable law. 

4.6 Recoupment Policy . All awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy, as in effect from time to time, including any required by Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

ARTICLE 5. ADMINISTRATION 

5.1 Administrator Authority . The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator, subject to Section 5.3; provided, however , that with respect to any Executive, the Committee shall act as Administrator. The Administrator shall have all powers and discretion necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and to control its operation, including (without 

limitation) the power to (a) determine which Employees shall be granted awards, (b) prescribe the terms and conditions of the awards, (c) interpret the Plan, (d) adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate, (e) adopt rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and (f) interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. 

5.2 Decisions Binding . All determinations and decisions made by the Administrator, the Board or any delegate of the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law. 

5.3 Delegation by the Administrator . The Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all or part of its authority and powers under the Plan to one or more directors and/or employees of the Company, except that the Committee may not delegate its authority and powers under the Plan with respect to Executives. 

ARTICLE 6. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

6.1 Tax Withholding . The Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall withhold all required taxes from an Actual Award, including any federal, state, local or other taxes. 

6.2 Application of Section 409A . The provisions of this Plan are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code so that none of the payments to be provided under this Plan will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt. In no event will the Administrator reimburse Participants for any taxes that may be imposed as result of Section 409A of the Code. 

6.3 No Effect on Employment . Neither the Plan nor any Target Award shall confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant s employment with the Company or an Affiliate. Nothing in the Plan shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate any Participant s employment or service at any time, with or without cause. The Company and its Affiliates expressly reserve the right, which may be exercised at any time and without regard to when during or after a Performance Period such exercise occurs, to terminate any individual s employment with or without cause, and to treat him or her without regard to the effect that such treatment might have upon him or her as a Participant. 

6.4 Participation; No Effect on Other Benefits . No Employee shall have the right to be selected to receive an award under the Plan, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future award. Except as expressly set forth in a Participant s employment agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, any Actual Awards under the Plan shall not be considered for the purpose of calculating any other benefits to which such Participant may be entitled, including (a) any termination, severance, redundancy or end-of-service payments, (b) other bonuses or long-service awards, (c) overtime premiums, (d) pension or retirement benefits or (e) future Base Salary or any other payment to be made by the Company to such Participant. All Participants expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan. Any Actual Awards granted under the Plan are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant s normal or expected compensation, 

6.5 Successors . All obligations of the Company and any Affiliate under the Plan, with respect to awards granted hereunder, shall be binding on any successor to the Company and/or such Affiliate, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a merger, consolidation, direct or indirect purchase of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or such Affiliate, or any similar transaction. 

6.6 Nontransferability of Awards . No award granted under the Plan shall be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will, by the laws of descent and distribution or to the limited extent provided in Section 4.5. All rights with respect to an award granted to a Participant shall be available during his or her lifetime only to the Participant. 

ARTICLE 7. DURATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

7.1 Duration of the Plan . The Plan shall remain in effect until terminated pursuant to Section 7.2. 

7.2 Amendment, Suspension or Termination . The Board or the Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason; provided that this Plan may not be suspended or terminated, nor amended in a manner adverse to a Participant for a period of twelve (12) months following a Change in Control of the Company. No award may be granted during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan. 

ARTICLE 8. LEGAL CONSTRUCTION 

8.1 Severability . In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 

8.2 Requirements of Law . The granting of awards under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities markets as may be required. 

8.3 Captions . Captions are provided herein for convenience only and shall not serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of the Plan. 

APPENDIX A 
 PERFORMANCE METRICS 
 The Administrator may establish Performance Goals derived from the following metrics, or from such other measures of performance selected by the Administrator from time to time in its sole discretion: 
 Financial 
 
 appreciation in and/or maintenance of any publicly-traded securities of the Company 

cash flow, cash balance or cash flow per share (before or after dividends) 

cash flow return on investment 

cash margin 

comparisons with various stock market indices 

debt reduction 

earnings or loss per share 

earnings or losses (including earnings or losses before taxes, before interest and taxes, or before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) 

economic value added (or an equivalent metric) 

expense or cost reduction 

financial ratios, including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage 

financing and other capital raising transactions (including sales of the Company s equity or debt securities) 

gross margin 

gross profits 

improvement in or attainment of expense levels or working capital levels, including cash, inventory and accounts receivable 

net income or loss (before or after taxes) 

net operating income or profits, before or after tax 

net sales 

operating cash flow or other operating efficiencies 

operating income (before or after taxes) 

operating margin 

total stockholder return 

working capital 

year-end cash 

share price 

stockholders equity 

reductions in costs 

return on assets, net assets, investment or capital employed (including return on total capital or return on invested capital) 

return on equity or average stockholders equity 

return on operating revenue 

Organizational 

employee satisfaction 

employee survey results 

recruiting and maintaining personnel 

Performance Goals may be based solely by reference to the Company s performance or the performance of a subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company, or based upon the relative performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to other companies. 
 
 The Administrator may adjust the results under any performance criterion to exclude any of the following events that occurs during a performance measurement period: (a) asset write-downs, (b) litigation, claims, judgments or settlements, (c) the effect of changes in tax law, accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results, (d) accruals for reorganization and restructuring programs, (e) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, (f) exchange rate effects for non-U.S. dollar denominated net sales and operating earnings or (g) statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates. 
 
 Any Performance Goal used may be measured (a) in absolute terms, (b) in relative terms, including (without limitation) the passage of time and/or against other companies or metrics, (c) on a per-share basis, (d) against the performance of the Company as a whole or against particular segments or products of the Company and/or (e) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis. Any Performance Goal may be measured on a basis other than generally accepted accounting principles. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 flyw-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF FLYWIRE CORPORATION 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Flywire LATAM Corporation 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire AEA Corporation 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire Healthcare Corporation 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire U.S. Holdings, Inc 
 
 United States of America 

OnPlan Holdings LLC 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire Securities Corporation 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire Global Corp. 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire Payments Corporation 
 
 United States of America 

Simplificare Inc. 
 
 United States of America 

Flywire Pacific Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Cohort Solutions Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

OSHC Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Cohort Go Brasil Representa oes Eireli 
 
 Brazil 

Flywire Servi os Ltda 
 
 Brazil 

Flywire Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Flywire Payments Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Cohort Solutions (Canada) Ltd 
 
 Canada 

Flywire (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Flywire Solutions India LLP 
 
 India 

Simplificare Ltd. 
 
 Israel 

Flywire G.K. 
 
 Japan 

Flywire Europe, UAB 
 
 Lithuania 

Cohort Solutions (NZ) Ltd 
 
 New Zealand 

peerTransfer Commercial Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic of China 

Flywire Romania S.R.L 
 
 Romania 

Flywire (Singapore) Pte. Ltd 
 
 Singapore 

Flywire S.L.U. 
 
 Spain 

Flywire Payments Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

WPM Group Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

WPM Education Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

WPM Payment Security Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

WPM Group Services Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

WPM Payments Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Cohort Solutions (UK) Ltd 
 
 United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 flyw-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-255706 and 333-263956) of Flywire Corporation of our report dated March 10, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Boston, Massachusetts March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 flyw-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Massaro, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Flywire Corporation; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Massaro 

Michael Massaro 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 flyw-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Ellis, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Flywire Corporation; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Ellis 

Michael Ellis 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 flyw-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Flywire Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Massaro 

Michael Massaro 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 flyw-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Flywire Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Ellis 

Michael Ellis 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 flyw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 flyw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 flyw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 flyw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 23
 flyw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

