<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1754170_0001558370-23-003009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12354990</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1809334</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4196059</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2128023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3641913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003009.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307091641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AerSale Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001754170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				831751907
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38801
		FILM NUMBER:		23711237

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 435
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 764-3245

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 435
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Monocle Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180925

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003009.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 asle-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , Suite 435 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of 14.51 for shares of the registrant s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 6, 2023 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 CONTENTS 

Clause Page PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 6 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 14 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 31 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 31 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 32 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 32 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 32 PART II ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 34 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 34 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 40 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 42 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 80 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 80 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 81 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 81 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 81 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 81 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 81 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 82 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 82 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 82 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 89 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements, and include, but are not limited to, statements about the anticipated or potential impact of COVID-19 and any other pandemics on our business; changes in the market for our services; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the ability to launch new services and products or to profitably expand into new markets; and expectations of other economic, business and/or competitive factors. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the factors described under the sections in this Annual Report titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to the Company, AerSale, we, us, our and similar terms refer to AerSale Corporation (f/k/a Monocle Holdings, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our shares of common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: Risks Related to AerSale s Business and Industry future impacts from the novel coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 ), and any other epidemic or similar outbreak, on flight activity, demand for maintenance, repair and overhaul MRO and leasing services, our business partners or customers, and the related macro environment; disruptions in supply chain; factors that adversely impact the commercial aviation industry; the fluctuating market value of our products; our ability to repossess mid-life commercial aircraft and engines Flight Equipment when a lessee defaults; success at our MRO facilities is dependent upon continued outsourcing by airlines; shortage of skilled personnel or work stoppages; the inability to obtain certain components and raw materials from suppliers; the highly competitive nature of the markets in which we operate; risks associated with our international operations; the risks from business acquisitions and integration of new businesses acquired; the unique risks we encounter by supplying equipment and services to the U.S. government; further consolidation of customers and suppliers in our markets; cyber or other security threats or disruptions; the significant capital expenditures that may be required to keep pace with technological developments in our industry; lack of ownership of certain intellectual property and tooling that is important to our business and/or intellectual property litigation to protect our intellectual property; our dependence on our facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production; current or future regulatory proceedings or litigation including product liability, intellectual property disputes and other claims not adequately covered by insurance; 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 risks from any improper conduct by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business ventures or joint ventures in which we participate; limitations on employee compensation pursuant to the CARES Act; loss of services from key employees; the failure of our subcontractors to perform their contractual obligations; Strategic and Financial Risks our dependence on continued availability of financing to manage our business and to execute our business strategy, and unavailability of additional financing on terms acceptable to us; our failure to comply with the covenants in the documents governing our existing and future indebtedness; limitations of our current and future operations from restrictive covenants contained in documents governing our indebtedness; unanticipated changes in our tax provision; possible goodwill and other asset impairments; interest rate risk from the imminent elimination of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR and adoption of Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as a benchmark interest rate; 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks we are subject to significant government regulation and may need to incur significant expenses to comply with new or more stringent government regulation; compliance with U.S. and other anti-corruption laws, export control laws, import control laws, trade and economic sanction laws and other laws governing our operations; current or future regulatory proceedings or litigation including product liability, intellectual property disputes and other claims not adequately covered by insurance; the liens of Flight Equipment could exceed the value of such Flight Equipment; the risk that our leased aircraft engines are deemed accessions to the aircraft and our ability to repossess an engine is impaired; product and other liability claims not covered by insurance; the extensive environmental requirements with which we must comply; global climate change, or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change; Risk Factors Related to our Common Stock depressed stock price as a result of substantial future sales of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur; 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 lack of analyst coverage for our common stock; actual or anticipated sales of significant amounts of our common stock; the fact that we do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; reduced disclosure due to our filing status as an emerging growth company General Risk Factors ineffective internal control over financial reporting; insolvency of our customers; and the adverse effect of negative economic conditions. 
 PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS Corporate History and Background Monocle Acquisition Corporation Monocle was initially formed as a Delaware corporation on August 20, 2018 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On December 22, 2020, (the Closing Date ), Monocle consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 8, 2020 (the Merger Agreement by and among Monocle, AerSale Corporation (f/k/a Monocle Holdings Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Company ), AerSale Aviation, Inc. (f/k/a AerSale Corp.), a Delaware corporation AerSale Aviation ), Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub 1 ), Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Merger Sub 2 ), and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, solely in its capacity as the initial Holder Representative (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are referred to herein as the Merger or the Business Combination and in connection therewith, Monocle merged with and into us, whereby we survived the merger and became the successor issuer to Monocle by operation of Rule 12g-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Upon the consummation of the Merger: (a) Merger Sub 1 was merged with and into Monocle, with Monocle surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (the First Merger ), and (b) Merger Sub 2 was merged with and into AerSale Aviation, with AerSale Aviation surviving the merger as a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company (the Second Merger ). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), AerSale Aviation changed its name from AerSale Corp. to AerSale Aviation, Inc. and the Company changed its name from Monocle Holdings Inc. to AerSale Corporation. Immediately following the Merger, the Company contributed all of its ownership in Monocle to AerSale Aviation, which continued as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Overview of Business and Operations Our mission is to provide full-service support to owners and operators of mid-life commercial aircraft who lack the infrastructure and/or expertise to cost effectively maintain such aircraft during the second half of their operating life through their retirement from service. By providing a one-stop shop that integrates multiple service and product offerings, we save our customers time and money, while providing value to our stockholders through our operating efficiency. We were founded in 2008 by Nicolas Finazzo and Robert B. Nichols as a platform to serve the aviation aftermarket. In early 2010, we partnered with private equity firm Leonard Green Partners, L.P. to scale our business and finance the creation of a purpose built and fully integrated aviation company. Since our founding, we have established a global footprint and scalable platform for growth. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our business is comprised of two reporting segments: Asset Management Solutions and Technical Operations TechOps ), which, taken together, provide comprehensive support to owners and operators of used commercial aircraft. Asset Management Solutions Our Asset Management Solutions segment, which represented approximately 68 of our revenue during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, acquires mid-life commercial aircraft and engines Flight Equipment from airlines and leasing companies as feedstock to support our business activities. Asset Management Solutions activities include the sale and lease of aircraft and engines, as well as the disassembly of these assets for component parts (such used serviceable material, USM that can be utilized to support third-party sales and lower the cost to maintain our portfolio of leased assets. Our aircraft and engines generally provide highly customized full-service, short-term lease support, where an operator is provided with a turn-key piece of Flight Equipment that can meet the customer s specific needs. Our business model provides an alternative to the procurement of new aircraft, engines and parts traditionally sold by original equipment manufacturers OEMs or delivered new and leased by pure-play aircraft and engine leasing companies. Because we have created the infrastructure to market through alternative channels, we are able to maximize financial returns on Flight Equipment by cost-effectively placing such assets in the secondary market for the balance of their operating life, and upon retirement from service, extracting their greatest residual value by disassembling Flight Equipment assets to the piece-part level for re-use as USM. We do this by utilizing our integrated business units to maximize the sum of each asset s alternative revenue streams, ranging from their sale or lease as whole operating assets, down to utilizing their collective individual components to serve as USM feedstock or to lower our leasing and operating costs related to MRO services. We also offer our integrated Asset Management Solutions services to third-party clients who lack the expertise and/or infrastructure to optimize their Flight Equipment investments. We lease engines and airframes primarily as a means of extracting value from the remaining operating life of an asset prior to disassembly for USM parts. We focus primarily on highly customized aircraft leases or short-term engine leasing where we can demand a lease premium, and we utilize our USM and MRO capabilities to fully meet all maintenance needs, which allow us to fully monetize collected maintenance reserves. After disassembly, we utilize the pieces as low-cost spare parts feedstock to support our various other business segments, including USM part sales, and in conjunction with our third-party maintenance operations. Consequently, the vast majority of aircraft and engines that we have acquired have ultimately been disassembled for their USM parts once the full value of their remaining operating life has been extracted. TechOps Our TechOps segment, which represented approximately 32 of our revenue during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, provides nose-to-tail MRO services on the most popular commercial aircraft, engines and components, that serve the passenger, cargo, and government sectors. Through our collective U.S.-based MRO facilities, we provide extensive maintenance and modification services for aircraft and their individual components. Our aircraft facilities located in Goodyear, Arizona, and Roswell, New Mexico, combined feature approximately 650,000 square feet of hangar space, from which we provide high-quality airframe MRO services, structural modification, conversions, and flight system upgrades, including disassembly and re-cycling operations for retiring aircraft. We additionally offer convenient long-term storage capacity for up to 650 aircraft in ideal dry-desert conditions. At the individual component level, our facilities located in Miami, Florida, Rio Rancho, New Mexico, and Memphis, Tennessee collectively offer specialized component MRO capabilities and services covering hydraulics, composites, pneumatics, fuel systems, electro-mechanical assemblies, interiors, painting, flight controls, nacelles, and landing gear for passenger, cargo, and military aircraft applications. Our TechOps segment leverages its robust engineering team to provide highly specialized technical support to our MRO facilities, as well as to develop advanced technical repairs, modifications and products, which we market under the tradename Engineered Solutions. This business unit includes the design, manufacture, and installation of new products, systems, and services that can enhance aircraft performance, safety, and service life at lower costs than traditionally expensive OEM products and services. Engineered Solutions also serves to lower the cost of Flight Equipment ownership with savings on MRO-related expenses, including compliance with mandatory and market-driven equipment upgrades. These cost-saving solutions are approved by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA under Supplemental Type Certificates STCs ), which provides us with the unique ability to perform these modifications. We use our FAA- 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 approved Parts Manufacturing Authority PMA to integrate third party components in developing our STC solutions. We have also obtained approval from various foreign regulatory authorities to validate our STCs and PMA products for use by operators outside of the United States. One example of our Engineered Solutions is our AerSafe product line. We designed and received FAA approval to market AerSafe as a solution for compliance with an FAA mandate to mitigate aircraft fuel tank flammability on Boeing and Airbus aircraft. AerSafe has also been approved for installation on certain aircraft models that are regulated by the European Aviation Safety Agency EASA and the National Civil Aviation Agency of Brazil. Competition The aviation aftermarket is highly competitive with many participants, including Flight Equipment OEMs, MRO providers, airlines, aircraft and engine leasing companies, financial sponsors, USM sales organizations, and other independent manufacturers and service providers. The vast majority of participants compete within smaller subsets of our broader products and services offerings. Frequently, our competitors specialize in one or a limited number of areas within the following segments: aircraft MRO, engine MRO, Engineered Solutions, aircraft leasing, engine leasing, USM part sales, and asset management. Further, many component MRO providers specialize in a small subset of repairs related to specific components or materials, such as composites, pneumatics, hydraulics, electronics, landing gear, wheels and brakes, and auxiliary power units. Consumers of aftermarket Flight Equipment products and services typically make buying decisions based on a variety of factors including quality, pricing, availability, provider reputation, technical specification, prior operating history, turnaround time, geographic location and financial terms. Our Asset Management Solutions segment competitors include AAR Corp., AerCap, Delta Air Lines, Inc., GA Telesis, LLC, Kellstrom Aerospace, Heico Corporation, Willis Lease Finance Corp, Air Transport Services Group, LLC, Unical Aviation, Inc, Satair Group and Aviall, Inc, while competitors to our TechOps segment include AAR Corp., Aviation Technical Services, Inc., HAECO Americas, MRO Holdings, Inc., ST Engineering North America, Air Transport Services Group, LLC, Delta TechOps, TransDigm Group, MTU Aero Engines, Woodward, Inc., and Lufthansa Technik AG. Though our product and service offerings include certain aircraft and engine leasing activities, we do not view large pure-play aircraft and engine leasing companies as core competitors, as those companies are primarily centered around cost of capital and financial securitization products, and frequently choose to divest mid-life assets as they lack the technical and mechanical capabilities to deal with assets that have exited the OEM warranty periods. Certain of our competitors have substantially greater marketing, financial, technical and infrastructure resources than we do, and may additionally provide complementary sales and services capabilities that we do not currently offer. As a result, certain of our competitors may be able to deliver a broader range of aftermarket Flight Equipment products and services at more attractive pricing. As such, we choose to target services and products where our synergic capabilities provide us a competitive advantage and allow us to be more responsive to the evolving needs of mid-life aircraft owners, operators, MRO providers and financial sponsors. We believe that the market insights, technical capabilities and financial expertise that we bring together through our Asset Management Solutions and TechOps offerings are particularly well suited to meet the comprehensive needs of mid-life Flight Equipment customers, with a fuller range of value-added products and services than most of our competitors. Competitive Strengths Our competitive strengths are focused on institutionalized processes to drive profitability by maximizing Flight Equipment values across the second half of their life cycle. We believe our data-driven approach, highly attuned staff, proprietary analytical tools, and formalized decision-making processes give us a unique platform to drive value within the aviation aftermarket. Our ability to provide cost saving alternatives to support our customers across the entire range of Flight Equipment, from whole aircraft down to the individual component parts level, is crucial to our ability to maximize value and profitability. By offering a comprehensive suite of products and services, we are able to enjoy a competitive edge in 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 the marketplace as a one-stop source for full aircraft, engine and USM spare parts support, bundled with comprehensive MRO solutions. This integration of services facilitates significant cross-selling opportunities among our various business units, as many of our customers depend on the products and services provided by both our Asset Management Solutions and TechOps business segments. In totality, the breadth of these capabilities allows us to optimally service our customers needs, providing them increased fleet flexibility while reducing downtime. Similarly, these capabilities lower the cost of ownership of our own Flight Equipment. At the same time, our participation in upstream aircraft and engine transactions also provides valuable market insights regarding operating fleet trends that feed our key downstream supply and demand modeling inputs, enhancing our MRO and USM parts investment decisions. As a consistent source of aftermarket USM parts, we provide our customers with a safe and widely-accepted low-cost alternative to purchasing new OEM replacement parts. Our ability to cost-efficiently source USM parts through aftermarket Flight Equipment acquisitions and lease portfolio retirements enables us to profitably monetize aircraft and engines that otherwise would have limited economic benefit as an operating whole asset. We are additionally able to leverage our component MRO capabilities to extend the serviceable life of many USM components and systems. Consequently, our ability to increase our USM return to service yield reduces our associated return to service expenses and serves to drive incremental margin on USM part sales, while also lowering the cost of replacement parts required to maintain our portfolio aircraft and engines. We have a competitive advantage over most of our MRO competitors as one of the select aviation aftermarket companies that has the necessary technical and operational resources to hold FAA unlimited repair station ratings for both our airframe and component MRO operations. These comprehensive FAA ratings are no longer granted; however, our unlimited ratings were grandfathered and are held by our longstanding MRO subsidiary companies. This enables us to fast track the implementation of certain new MRO capabilities through an established FAA approved self-certification procedure, while avoiding the typically longer approval lead-times associated with standard FAA repair station capability certification. Consequently, we believe our ability to efficiently innovate and bring to market new proprietary repairs and modifications for both aircraft and their components meaningfully enhances our responsiveness to the evolving needs of our customers, while also giving us the flexibility to pursue a significantly wider range of market growth opportunities. Growth Strategies We intend to pursue opportunities that are well aligned with our existing capabilities, which will continue to differentiate our business. Broaden our MRO Capabilities. We plan to utilize our FAA unlimited repair station licenses to develop new capabilities, while augmenting brand loyalty with a growing range of MRO services to support our customers needs. The MRO segment is accretive to our Asset Management Solutions business and provides incremental opportunities to supplement our MRO customers with Flight Equipment and USM spare parts once we have established an initial MRO service relationship. Expand Our Government Presence. Many of the commercial aircraft and engines for which we provide products and services have equivalent or derivative aircraft and engine platforms that are used by various branches of the military and civilian government agencies. As government funding is stable and uncorrelated with the commercial aviation cycle, we view this as an important growth market. We intend to increasingly focus on capturing additional USM parts sales in addition to MRO service opportunities, directly with these government customers, or through subcontracting arrangements with government contractors. Introduce New Engineered Solutions . Our Engineered Solutions offerings provide a critical value-add for customers through the introduction of proprietary alternative products, repairs and modifications which we develop to enhance aircraft performance, reliability, safety, regulatory compliance, service life, and cost-of-ownership economics. The breadth of services and capabilities that we provide our extensive customer base promotes our early identification and development of new solutions to address their evolving needs. We plan to continue to invest in new Engineered Solutions that create value for our customers and are accretive to the expansion and profitability of our MRO operations. We believe that we are well positioned to develop and 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 market these solutions given our deep knowledge of maintenance intensive mid-life aircraft, our broad range of engineering and MRO capabilities, and our extended market reach as a global provider of Flight Equipment sales, leasing, MRO and USM parts sales. Expand Our Geographical Footprint . We believe the growth in the international aviation sector represents a compelling opportunity to leverage our existing capabilities to serve a broader set of foreign aircraft owners, operators, OEMs and MRO customers. As international fleets continue to grow in size and age in both established and emerging markets, we expect to play an increasing role in supplying Flight Equipment spares, MRO support, and USM parts to burgeoning markets that currently lack a mature infrastructure to meet this demand. Pursue Strategic Acquisitions . Our business has grown organically and through acquisitions since our founding. We have a proven track record of successfully expanding our capabilities through acquisitions, including our acquisition of Great Southwest Aviation (rebranded as AerSale - Roswell) in 2010, Aero Mechanical Industries (rebranded as AerSale Landing Gear Solutions) in 2015, Goodyear Maintenance Facility in 2017 (rebranded as AerSale Goodyear), Avborne Accessory Group (rebranded as AerSale Component Solutions) in 2018, Qwest Air Parts in 2019, Q2 Aviation (rebranded as AerSale AeroStructures-Memphis) in 2019 and Aircraft Composite Technologies (rebranded as AerSale AeroStructures-Miami) in 2020. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire businesses that meet our financial return profile and execute on these transactions where there is an opportunity to enhance our value proposition by integrating the operations of such businesses into our existing offerings of products and services. 
 Customers We sell to more than 1,000 customers worldwide. Non-U.S. customers accounted for approximately 58 of our total revenue for 2022. Our principal customers are comprised of domestic and foreign passenger airlines, cargo operators and governmental agencies. We also sell our products and services to a broad range of companies that provide aftermarket Flight Equipment support services, including OEMs, MRO providers, financial sponsors and leasing companies. We believe that the breadth of our MRO capabilities and supporting services create a compelling customer care and value proposition that fosters brand loyalty, and significantly contributes to the recurring nature of our business. In the year ended December 31, 2022, seven of our top ten customers by revenue had been customers for five years or more, and 54 of revenue from our top 100 customers was sales from customers utilizing more than one of our service offerings. We primarily use the US Dollar as our functional currency in all markets in which we operate in order to reduce our foreign currency market risk. Sales and Marketing We employ a sales force of 36 individuals. We utilize a matrixed marketing approach, where our individual business segments dedicate resources to market directly to their respective customer audience, while our regional sales specialists co-market our combined product and service offerings to clients within their territories. Given the technical nature of our business, business unit-specific technical staff frequently participate in marketing presentations and campaign developments in support of marketing initiatives spanning the sale, lease and MRO of aircraft, engines and their components. We primarily market and sell our products and services through our direct sales force. On occasion, we utilize contract services to assist in specific client-targeted sales efforts. In addition, we utilize foreign representation in certain regional markets outside of the United States. We augment our direct customer marketing efforts with industry event sponsorships, conference participation, press release broadcast, web site promotion and social media initiatives, in addition to trade publication announcements, advertising and periodical article contributions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Research and Development We embrace a customer centric approach to supporting our clients with new value-add products and services designed to enhance Flight Equipment performance, lower the cost of maintenance, improve reliability and extend service life, while reducing the associated cost-of-ownership. Key initiatives to support our customers reduced cost of ownership include reduced down-time, lower cost USM alternatives, Flight Equipment lease versus own options, innovative aircraft modification and upgrade services, and propriety component repair regimes. Because our customers utilize our entire range of services, from whole aircraft MRO through individual component MRO, we frequently receive valuable insights as to evolving customer needs and desires. These inputs are regularly provided to our senior managers and technical personnel to identify and quantify opportunities for developing new products and services. Where the business case warrants, our engineers and technicians are tasked to develop, test and introduce new Engineered Solutions, including proprietary repairs not identified in existing repair manuals, and STCs for new products designed to provide value to our customers. Our ability to bring new Engineered Solutions to market is made possible through our in-depth knowledge of the requirements promulgated by respective airworthiness regulatory agencies like the FAA, in addition to non-mandatory recommendations issued by OEMs. The engineering and regulatory authority certification process varies widely by product application and region, and we look to contract with third-party manufacturers and/or channel partners on an as-needed basis to assist in obtaining certain regulatory agency approvals. We believe that our unlimited airframe and component FAA repair station certifications, PMA authority, and deep technical expertise position us to efficiently identify and implement new Engineered Solutions and proprietary component repairs, which is an important differentiator for our industry. Government Regulation The FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft, including engines, components and parts, operated in the United States, to ensure that all aircraft and aviation equipment are continuously maintained in proper condition for safe operation. Similar rules and regulatory authorities exist in other countries. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by these regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. Certification and conformance are required prior to installation of Flight Equipment components, including aircraft released into operating service. We operate six FAA/EASA certified repair stations, in addition to holding various other international airworthiness authority approvals, which are repair station facility specific. Our repair station facilities are required by the FAA to hold pertinent certification approvals for the products and MRO services that we provide for our customers, and we are required to adhere to all relevant FAA rules and regulations as a condition to maintaining those certifications. Certain of our Engineered Solutions include products that are authorized by the FAA through issuance of STC approval for their respective application. Others involve proprietary repairs that we develop internally in compliance with authorities granted by the FAA under our unlimited repair station licensing for applicable airframe and engine component categories. We facilitate the production of certain of our Engineered Solutions through the manufacture of new parts in accordance with our FAA approved PMA certifications, as well as the manufacture of certain new replacement parts under our FAA repair station authorities. We also employ FAA certified personnel called, Designated Airworthiness Representatives and Designated Engineering Representatives, to facilitate our MRO operations through the development and regulatory approval of specialized airframe and component designs, repairs, modifications, and installations. We rely on these FAA approvals to market our Engineered Solutions to third parties, as well as to utilize them on our own Flight Equipment. We believe the depth of technical and operational qualifications required to attain these FAA regulatory approvals constitutes a significant barrier for competitors looking to compete with our Engineered Solutions offerings. One such product that is nearing STC is our offering designated as AerAware TM . AerAware is an Advanced Enhanced Flight Vision System EFVS solution that enables a pilot to see through low visibility conditions by presenting advanced imaging technology along with real time aircraft primary flight systems data on an Elbit Systems/Universal Avionics SkyLens Head Wearable Display. The FAA has assigned STC project number 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 ST16454AT-T for AerAware , indicating the agency s acceptance of AerSale s STC application and for which we are conducting certification flights. The FAA requires that aircraft operators maintain detailed records that log the utilization and condition of certain aircraft and engine life-limited parts. The FAA also requires that various maintenance routines be performed and documented on certain airframe and engine components at regular intervals based on utilization and/or time. Maintenance may also be required following certain types of events (e.g., foreign object damage, extreme heat, hard landings, etc.). Further, the FAA and certain other airworthiness authorities can at any time introduce new rules and regulations that may impact our business. In order to proactively mitigate the effects of prospective future rulings and amendments, as well as to position our business segments to potentially benefit from them, we diligently monitor FAA publications and industry trade groups in an effort to obtain as much advance notice as possible concerning future regulatory mandates. As we pursue sales of products and services directly to government customers or through subcontracting arrangements with government contractors, we may also be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing, reporting, and other factors. Historically, government regulations have had no material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Intellectual Property We believe our brand recognition is an important differentiator, and we maintain trademarks on AerSale , and on certain branded product offerings (e.g., AerSale active into 2031, AerSafe active into 2031, AerTrak active into 2024). While we hold no patents, we significantly benefit from an extensive array of proprietary intellectual property pertaining to market intelligence, transactional data history, and price modeling techniques, in addition to a wide range of product design, engineering, manufacturing, repair, modification and MRO procedures. Our Engineered Solutions are trade secrets comprised of internally developed proprietary products and repair regimes. As such, our Engineered Solutions are exclusively available through our business or third parties that we authorize. While our competitors may be able to develop similar alternatives to our Engineered Solutions offerings, we believe that our deep understanding of mid-life aircraft markets and technologies, combined with our ability to expedite the introduction of new Engineered Solutions to the market, uniquely positions us to increase our market share in this sector. Though our proprietary market intelligence, transactional data history, price modeling techniques, and Engineered Solutions expertise are subject to misappropriation or obsolescence, we believe we have adequately institutionalized systems and procedures to prevent such occurrences. These measures include adoption of continuous improvement methodologies developed to maintain the integrity of our intellectual property holdings, in addition to the innovation of new techniques, products and processes designed to enhance our existing offerings in response to future market developments. Human Capital Resources As of February 7, 2023, we employed 606 full-time employees worldwide, none of whom are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Approximately 99 of our employees are based in the United States. In addition to our full-time employees, we also employ approximately 254 contract workers, the majority of whom are located at our airframe maintenance facilities where they provide us with flexible staffing to meet customer demand. Our success is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain a workforce with the skills necessary for our businesses to succeed. We require highly skilled personnel in multiple areas, including engineering, project management, aircraft technicians, information technology, cybersecurity, business development and strategy, and management. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In order to attract and retain highly skilled employees, we are committed to ensuring a safe and healthy work environment, offering competitive compensation and comprehensive benefit programs, creating great career opportunities, and building an engaging, inclusive environment where all employees are treated with dignity and respect. Health and Safety We have established safety and awareness programs in each AerSale facility. To maintain and enhance the safety of our employees, we promote a culture of continuous improvement and individual accountability. Each AerSale MRO facility has developed an Environmental Policy and Procedures Manual in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. We use an annual goal setting process to drive injury rate improvements, and our injury rate reduction goal is a performance metric that is reported to all of our employees. The safety of our employees has been a priority throughout the COVID 19 pandemic. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our facility response teams implemented processes and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable government-imposed health and safety-related operating restrictions, enhanced the safety of our facilities, protected the health of our employees, and monitored trends in infection rates at locations where we have facilities. Many of these health and safety protocols have evolved to become more permanent fixtures in our workplace. We will continue to monitor public health announcements and government orders to accommodate additional changes as necessary. Talent Management and Career Development At AerSale, our talent management career development programs prepare our employees for a rewarding and challenging experience. We want to ensure that each of our employees has the tools they need to succeed in their current role, while preparing them for the next step in their career. Management and Leadership curriculums are tailored based on each facility s unique needs as well as the individuals needs. At our MRO facilities we have established a career readiness program specifically for aspiring aviation mechanics and technicians. This program would allow individuals to start in an entry level role and through supervision, training, and mentorship complemented by our A P reimbursement program, become an A P mechanic or Inspector. Our employees are encouraged to take advantage of our tuition reimbursement program to obtain professional and technical certifications or toward degree programs related to their career track. Our annual talent and performance review allows AerSale s management team to identify emerging talent in the organization and develop a succession plan. By evaluating our workforce and needs we are able to provide opportunities for growth and professional fulfillment. Diversity and Inclusion We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. For over a decade, we have created employment opportunities in diverse communities. We believe that diversity is key to our success, and we foster a culture of inclusion. By creating an environment where employees feel embraced and appreciated, we believe that our employees will be motivated to excel and contribute to our continued success. We are confident that in leveraging our employee s differences we can innovate and remain competitive in a dynamic and demanding industry. We have a firm commitment to diversity and inclusion in our recruiting, hiring and promotion practices. Minority and female employees are encouraged to participate in career days, job fairs and programs in the communities in which we do business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s employee base includes 23.8 females and 61.2 minorities. We actively engage in recruiting fairs and efforts at various training institutions, especially those that have high minority and diverse enrollment rates. We continue to work with local organizations to identify minorities with an increased focus on veterans who will be transitioning into the civilian workforce. In 2023, we aim to focus on partnering with local schools and supporting diverse students with an anticipated scholarship program that will provide financial assistance, mentorship and internship opportunities with the ultimate goal being full time employment at one of our facilities. In 2022, we conducted an employment survey to assess diversity efforts and measure progress on our commitment to fostering a culture 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 of inclusion and diversity and ensuring employees can reach their potential. Each manager and leader is responsible for upholding these values and supporting the goals under our affirmative action plan. Environmental Matters Our business, operations and facilities are subject to numerous stringent federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations by government agencies, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the emission, discharge, generation, management, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, pollutants and contaminants, govern public and private response actions to hazardous or regulated substances which may be or have been released to the environment, and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. Although management believes that our operations and our facilities are in material compliance with such laws and regulations, future changes in these laws, regulations or interpretations thereof, the nature of our operations, or regulatory enforcement actions may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable laws and regulations and/or engage in remedial actions. Certain of our facilities, including facilities acquired and operated by us or one of our subsidiaries, have at one time or another been under active investigation for environmental contamination by federal or state agencies. We are generally indemnified by prior owners or operators and/or present owners of the facilities for liabilities which we incur as a result of these investigations and the environmental contamination found which pre-dates our acquisition of these facilities, subject to certain limitations. For our Goodyear, AZ facility, we also maintain an environmental impairment liability policy that provides coverage for certain liabilities associated with the clean-up of on-site and off-site pollution conditions, as well as for resulting bodily injury or property damage to third parties, in each case, to the extent not otherwise indemnified. If we are required to pay the expenses related to environmental liabilities because neither indemnification nor insurance coverage is available, these expenses could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Available Information In addition to the information about us and our subsidiaries contained in this Annual Report, information about us can be found on our website at www.aersale.com. We have a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the code is posted on our website at https://ir.aersale.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq Stock Market rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics within four business days of such amendment or waiver. Our website and information included in or linked to our website are not part of this Annual Report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Additionally, the public may obtain any document that we file with or furnish to the SEC from the SEC s Electronic Document Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system, which can be accessed at www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this Annual Report before making an investment in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth below. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to AerSale s Business and Industry The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including associated variants, has had a material adverse impact, and could in the future have a material adverse impact, on our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated variants, continues to negatively affect the commercial aviation industry, including our business and operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures instituted by governments, and businesses to mitigate its spread, including travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place directives, and shutting down of non-essential businesses led to significant declines in demand for air travel in 2020 and 2021, and, therefore, resulted in lower demand from civil aviation customers for our products. Although there have been signs of ongoing recovery in the overall demand for commercial air travel, some commercial aviation segments have recovered less quickly than others, and it remains uncertain when commercial flight activity will return to and/or exceed pre-pandemic levels. Moreover, a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic (including through any new variant strains of the underlying virus), a new health epidemic or similar outbreak or other negative developments associated with the pandemic or outbreak could hinder or reverse the commercial flight activity recovery and lead to decreased worldwide commercial activity, which could eventually adversely affect the demand for airline cargo services. Reduced flight activity negatively impacts the demand for many of our products and services, and any prolonged reduction could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and access to sources of liquidity. While COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our business and the businesses of our customers and suppliers, as well as our results of operations and financial condition, the extent to which COVID-19 or any other pandemics, epidemics and similar outbreaks, especially of infectious diseases, may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition depends on future developments, including (i) the duration, spread, severity, or any recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic (including COVID-19 variants); (ii) the effectiveness, availability, and usage of vaccines; (iii) the impact of government mandates, directives, orders, regulations, and other governmental actions; (iv) the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar outbreak on overall demand for air travel and our related business plans and decisions; (v) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar outbreak on the our ability to retain key employees; and (vi) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar outbreak on our access to capital, all of which cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, prolonged pandemics, epidemics and similar outbreaks, or the threat thereof, could result in worker absences, lower productivity, voluntary closure of our offices and facilities, travel restrictions for our employees and other disruptions to our business. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot predict the impact that COVID-19 or any other pandemics, epidemics and similar outbreaks, especially of infectious diseases, will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us, and may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section, any of which could have a material effect on us. Supply chain disruptions could have adverse effects on our ability to provide certain services We source parts and components for our business from various suppliers around the world. Global supply chain and labor markets are continuing to experience high levels of disruption, causing significant materials and parts shortages, as well as delivery delays, labor shortages, distribution issues, energy cost increases and price increases. Current geopolitical conditions, including sanctions and other trade restrictive actions and strained intercountry relations, are contributing to these issues. These issues could lead to significant supplier performance failures and delays. Disruptions to our supply chain and business operations, or to our suppliers supply chains and business operations, could have adverse effects on our ability to provide aftermarket support and services to our customers. We are affected by factors that adversely impact the commercial aviation industry. As a provider of products and services to the commercial aviation industry, we are generally affected by overall economic conditions of that industry. The commercial aviation industry is historically cyclical and has been negatively affected in the past by geopolitical events, such as terrorism, high fuel and oil prices, labor issues, lack of capital, and weak economic conditions. As a result of these and other events, from time to time certain of our customers have filed for 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 bankruptcy protection or ceased operation. The impact of instability in the global financial markets has led, and may in the future lead, airlines to reduce domestic or international capacity. In addition, certain of our airline customers have in the past been impacted by tight credit markets, which limited their ability to buy parts, services, and Flight Equipment. A reduction in flight activity of aircraft both in the United States and abroad has resulted in, and may continue to result in, reduced demand for parts support and maintenance activities for the type of aircraft affected. Further, tight credit conditions negatively impact the amount of liquidity available to buy parts, services, and Flight Equipment. A deteriorating airline environment may also result in additional airline bankruptcies, and in such circumstances, we may not be able to fully collect outstanding accounts receivable. Reduced demand from customers caused by weak economic conditions, including tight credit conditions and customer bankruptcies, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. A slowdown in the global economy, or a recession, would negatively impact the commercial aviation industry, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our ability to profitably manage mid-life Flight Equipment through the end of its life-cycles depends in part on our ability to successfully source acquisition opportunities of used Flight Equipment on favorable terms to provide feedstock for the sale of USM parts. Our inability to acquire Flight Equipment could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth rates may be adversely affected by these and other events that impact the aviation industry, including those mentioned elsewhere in this report and the following: increased in-house maintenance by airlines; climate change, environmental catastrophes and government regulations implemented to address them and; acts of God. 
 Our operating results vary, and comparisons to results for preceding periods may not be meaningful. Due to a number of factors, our operating results may fluctuate, including, among others, for the following reasons: the timing and number of purchases and sales of Flight Equipment; the timing and amount of maintenance reserve revenues recorded resulting from the termination of long term leases, for which significant amounts of maintenance reserves may have accumulated; the termination, or announced termination of production, of particular types of Flight Equipment; the retirement or announced retirement of particular aircraft models by aircraft operators; seasonality of travel; the operating history of any particular engine, aircraft or engine or aircraft model; and the timing of necessary overhauls of Flight Equipment. 
 These risks may reduce our Flight Equipment utilization rates, lease margins, maintenance reserve revenues and proceeds from Flight Equipment sales, and may result in higher legal, technical, maintenance, storage, insurance and other costs related to repossession and Flight Equipment being off-lease. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, the availability of Flight Equipment for lease or sale periodically experiences cycles of oversupply and undersupply of given engine or aircraft models. The incidence of an oversupply of Flight Equipment may produce substantial decreases in lease rates and the appraised or resale value of aviation equipment and may increase the time spent and costs incurred to lease or sell Flight Equipment. We anticipate that fluctuations from period to period will continue in the future. As a result, we 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 believe that comparisons to results for preceding periods may not be meaningful, and that results of prior periods should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. Market values for our aviation products fluctuate, and we may be unable to recover our costs incurred with respect to engines, rotable components and other aircraft parts. We make a number of assumptions when determining the recoverability of rotable components, engines, and other assets which are on lease, available for lease, or supporting our long-term programs. These assumptions include historical sales trends, current and expected usage trends, replacement values, current and expected lease rates, maintenance expenses, residual values, future demand, and future cash flows. Reductions in demand for these assets or declining market values, as well as differences between actual results and the assumptions we utilize in determining the recoverability of our Flight Equipment could result in impairment charges in future periods, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The value of any given aircraft model, or any engine model applicable thereto, can vary significantly based on supply in the market place. Certain types of Flight Equipment may be used in significant numbers by commercial aircraft operators that experience financial difficulties from time to time. If such operators were to go into liquidation or similar proceedings, the resulting over-supply of Flight Equipment from these operators could have an adverse effect on the demand for the affected engine and aircraft types and the values of such Flight Equipment, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. We may not be able to repossess Flight Equipment when a lessee defaults, and even if we are able to repossess the Flight Equipment from a defaulting lessee, we may have to expend significant resources in the repossession of such Flight Equipment and the subsequent remarketing and re-leasing of the repossessed Flight Equipment. When a lessee defaults on its obligations under a lease and does not cure such default in a timely manner, we typically seek to terminate the applicable lease and repossess the leased Flight Equipment. If a defaulting lessee contests the termination and repossession or is under court protection, enforcement of our rights under the lease may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming. In the event the Flight Equipment is located outside of the United States, we may need to obtain governmental consents to export the Flight Equipment back to the United States. As a result, the relevant asset may be off-lease and not generating revenue for a prolonged period. In addition, we will incur direct costs associated with repossessing our Flight Equipment, which may include legal and similar costs, costs of transporting, storing and insuring the Flight Equipment, and costs associated with necessary maintenance and recordkeeping to make the Flight Equipment available for re-lease or sale. During this time, we will not realize revenue from the Flight Equipment being repossessed and will continue to be obligated to pay any debt financing related to the Flight Equipment. If an engine is installed on an airframe, the airframe may be owned by an aircraft lessor or other third party. Our ability to recover engines installed on airframes owned by third-parties may depend on the cooperation of the airframe owner. Additionally, when a lessee of our Flight Equipment has protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, creditors (including us) are automatically stayed from enforcing their rights. In the case of U.S.-certificated airlines, Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code provides certain relief to lessors of aircraft equipment. Section 1110 has been the subject of significant litigation, and we can give no assurance that Section 1110 will protect our investment in Flight Equipment in the event of a lessee s bankruptcy. In addition, Section 1110 does not apply to lessees located outside of the United States, and applicable foreign laws may not provide comparable protection to us. Success at our MRO facilities is dependent upon continued outsourcing by the airlines. We currently perform MRO activities at six leased locations. Revenues at these facilities fluctuate based on demand for maintenance which, in turn, is driven by the number of aircraft operating and the extent of outsourcing of maintenance activities by airlines. In addition, certain airlines operate new fleet types and/or newer generation aircraft and we may not have contractual arrangements to service these aircraft, nor technicians trained and certified to perform the required airframe maintenance, repair, and overhaul activities on such aircraft. If either the number of aircraft operating or the level of outsourcing of maintenance activities for the aircraft models for which we are authorized to 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 service declines, we may not be able to execute our operational and financial plans at our MRO facilities, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. Our operations would be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled personnel or work stoppages. We are dependent on an educated and highly skilled workforce because of the complex nature of many of our products and services. Our ability to operate successfully and meet our customers demands could be jeopardized if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled personnel, including qualified licensed mechanics, to conduct our business, or if we experience a significant or prolonged work stoppage. The increasing competition for highly skilled and talented personnel could result in higher compensation costs, difficulties in maintaining a capable workforce, and leadership succession planning challenges. These and similar events may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The inability to obtain certain components and raw materials from suppliers could harm our business. Our business is affected by the availability and price of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our products. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers ability to adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The supply chains for our business could also be disrupted by external events such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, labor disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. As a result, our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications when required, and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise mitigate the consequences of their non-performance. Transitions to new suppliers may result in significant costs and delays, including those related to the required recertification of parts obtained from new suppliers with our customers and/or regulatory agencies. Our inability to fill our supply needs could jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under customer contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. Further, increased costs of such raw materials or components could reduce our profits if we were unable to pass along such price increases on to our customers. We operate in highly competitive markets, and competitive pressures may adversely affect us. The markets for our products and services are highly competitive, and we face competition from a number of sources, both domestic and international. Our competitors include aircraft manufacturers, aircraft component and parts manufacturers, airline and aircraft service companies, other companies MRO services, other aircraft spare parts distributors and redistributors. Certain of our competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have and others may price their products and services below our selling prices. These competitive markets also create pressure on our ability to hire and retain qualified technicians and other skilled labor needs. We believe that our ability to compete depends on superior customer service and support, on-time delivery, sufficient inventory availability, competitive pricing, and effective quality assurance programs. These competitive pressures have a potential impact on our business, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to risks associated with operating internationally. We conduct business in a number of foreign countries, certain of which are politically unstable or subject to military or civil conflicts. Consequently, we are subject to a variety of risks that are specific to international operations, including the following: military conflicts, civil strife, and political risks; export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010, and other anti-bribery and anticorruption laws; 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 the burden and cost of compliance with foreign laws, treaties, and technical standards and changes in those regulations; contract award and funding delays; potential restrictions on transfers of funds; import and export duties and value added taxes; foreign exchange risk; transportation delays and interruptions; uncertainties arising from foreign local business practices and cultural considerations; and changes in United States policies on trade relations and trade policy, including implementation of or changes in trade sanctions (such as those imposed on Russia), tariffs, and embargoes. 
 Following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government of the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union. The agreement, which is being applied provisionally from January 1, 2021 and entered into force on May 1, 2021, addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and a governance framework including procedures for dispute resolution, among other things. Because the agreement merely sets forth a framework in many respects and will require complex additional bilateral negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union as both parties continue to work on the rules for implementation, significant political and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal. These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets, increase restrictions on imports and exports between the United Kingdom and other countries and increase regulatory complexities. Asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings have been and may continue to be subject to increased market volatility. Lack of clarity about future United Kingdom laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate, including with respect to trade relations could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital. Measures that we have or will adopt to reduce the potential impact of losses resulting from the risks of doing business internationally may not be adequate, and the regions in which we operate might not continue to be stable enough to allow us to operate profitably or at all. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The war in the Ukraine is creating an adverse climate for our business. The U.S. government has imposed enhanced export restrictions and controls on certain products and technology, as well as sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia, Belarus and parts of the Ukraine. The governments of other jurisdictions in which we may conduct business, such as the European Union, have also implemented sanctions or other restrictive measures. These sanctions and enhanced export controls, as well as any responses from Russia, could adversely affect the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers, flight activity, demand for MRO and leasing services and the related macro environment. The economic and security conditions could also limit the Company s ability to provide its services or products to certain customers, as well as limit its ability to receive payments. The totality of these events, sanctions and restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. These sanctions and restrictions may also jeopardize and adversely impact the availability and cost of insurance which covers any assets or operations that may be subject to these restrictions and enhanced sanctions. Business acquisitions expose us to risks, including the risk that we may be unable to effectively integrate acquired businesses. We have completed multiple acquisitions over the past few years, and have discussions with third parties regarding acquisitions on a regular basis. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties integrating operations and personnel, the effects of amortization of any acquired intangible assets and the potential impairment of goodwill, and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired business. In addition, acquisitions often require substantial management resources, and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. For any businesses we may acquire in the future, we may not be able to execute our operational, financial, or integration plans for the acquired businesses, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the U.S. government directly and as a subcontractor, which could lead to a reduction in our net sales from, or the profitability of our supply arrangements with, the U.S. government. Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. government agencies are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. We currently do, and may in the future, contract directly with the U.S. government or act as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the U.S. government. Accordingly, the U.S. government may unilaterally suspend or prohibit us from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations, revoke required security clearance, reduce the value of existing contracts, or audit our contract related costs and fees. In addition, because we contract directly with the U.S. government or act as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the U.S. government, we may be subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under government contracts. U.S. government agencies routinely audit government contractors to review performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and compliance with internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s purchasing, property, estimating, compensation and management information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract are not reimbursable, and, to the extent already reimbursed, must be refunded. Also, any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in payments being withheld, penalties and reduced future business, and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further consolidation in the aerospace industry could adversely affect our business and financial results. The aerospace and defense industry is experiencing significant consolidation, including our customers, competitors and suppliers. Consolidation among our customers may result in delays in the awarding of new contracts and losses of existing business. Consolidation among our competitors may result in larger competitors with greater resources and market share, which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully. Consolidation among our suppliers may result in fewer sources of supply and increased cost to us. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions. Our business depends heavily on information technology and computerized systems to communicate and operate effectively. Our systems and technologies, or those of third parties on which we rely, could fail or become unreliable due to equipment failures, software viruses, cyber threats, ransomware attacks, terrorist acts, natural disasters, power failures or other causes. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information, business e-mail compromises, ransomware attacks, and other electronic security breaches, including at our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and joint venture partners, that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, certain functional areas of our workforce may continue to function in a remote work environment, which could heighten the risk of these potential vulnerabilities. The procedures and controls we utilize to monitor and mitigate these threats may not be sufficient to prevent security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified, and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition or disruption of our ability to make financial reports and other public disclosures required of public companies. Moreover, expenditures incurred in implementing and maintaining cybersecurity and other procedures and controls may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may need to make significant capital expenditures to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. The industries in which we participate are constantly undergoing development and change, and it is likely that new products, equipment, and MRO methods will be introduced in the future. We may need to make significant expenditures to purchase new equipment, and to train our employees to keep pace with any new technological developments. These expenditures may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We do not own certain intellectual property and tooling that is important to our business. In our MRO business, OEMs of equipment that we maintain for our customers include language in repair manuals relating to their equipment asserting broad claims of proprietary rights to the contents of the manuals used in our operations. Although we believe that our use of manufacture and repair manuals is lawful, there can be no assurance that OEMs will not try to enforce such claims, including through the possible use of legal proceedings, or that any such actions will be unsuccessful. Our business also depends on using certain intellectual property and tooling that we have rights to use pursuant to license grants under our contracts with OEM customers. These contracts contain restrictions on our use of the intellectual property and tooling, and may be terminated if we violate certain of these restrictions. Our loss of a contract with an OEM customer and the related license rights to use an OEM s intellectual property or tooling, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We could become involved in intellectual property litigation, which could have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. We and other companies in our industry possess certain proprietary rights relating to designs, engineering, manufacturing processes and MRO procedures. In the event that we believe that a third party is infringing upon our proprietary rights, we may bring an action to enforce such rights. In addition, third parties may claim infringement by us with respect to their proprietary rights and may initiate legal proceedings against us in the future. The expense and time of bringing an action to enforce such rights or defending against infringement claims can be significant, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Intellectual property litigation involves complex legal and factual questions which makes the outcome of any such proceedings subject to considerable uncertainty. Not only can such litigation divert management s attention, but it can also expose us to damages and potential injunctive relief which, if granted, may preclude us from making, using or selling particular products or technology. Uncertainties resulting from our participation in intellectual property litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or interim proceedings or developments that could be perceived negatively by analysts or investors and the value of such intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock may decline. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect of our business, financial condition and results of operation. Our operations depend on our facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. Our facilities or our customers facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster, war, or terrorist activity. A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, hurricane, fire, flood, tornado, pandemic, or other natural disaster at any of our sites, or war or terrorist activities in any of the areas where we conduct operations, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business. Any disruption resulting from these events could cause significant delays in shipments of products, and the loss of sales and customers, and we may not have insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events. For leased facilities, timely renewal of leases, and risk mitigation from the sale of our leased facilities, is required to avoid any business interruption. Our reputation, ability to do business and financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate. We have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled products and services, cost accounting and billing, competition and data privacy. However, we cannot ensure that it will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us, and this risk of improper conduct may increase as we expand globally. In the future, we may form and/or become a member of joint ventures. We may be unable to prevent misconduct or other violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. Improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties, including suspension and debarment, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to certain limitations on employee compensation, payment of dividends and stock buy backs pursuant to the CARES Act. In connection with the financial assistance we received through the Payroll Support Program, and loan program under the CARES Act pursuant to the CARES Act, we are subject to certain limitations on the payment of certain employee compensation through April 1, 2023. We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain or attract highly qualified management, technical and other personnel. Limitations on compensation may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain senior management, or attract other key employees during the duration of these restrictions. Our business might suffer if we were to lose the services of certain key employees. Our business operations depend upon our key employees, including our executive officers. Because our key employees have knowledge of our industry and customers, and would be difficult to replace, loss of any of these employees may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our contract profitability and our ability to win new contracts may be adversely affected. We rely on subcontractors to perform a portion of the services we agree to provide our customers, and our suppliers provide necessary labor, inventory and component parts. A failure by one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon services or supplies may affect our ability to perform our contractual obligations. Deficiencies in the performance of our subcontractors and/or suppliers could result in liquidated damages or our customer terminating our contract for default. A termination for default could expose us to liability and adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to win new contract awards. Strategic and Financial Risks We are dependent upon continued availability of financing to manage our business and to execute our business strategy, and additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us. Our ability to manage our business and to execute our business strategy is dependent, in part, on the continued availability of debt and equity capital. Our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as defined below) matures on March 12, 2024. Access to the debt and equity capital markets may be limited by various factors, including the condition of overall credit markets, general economic factors, state of the aviation industry, our financial performance, and credit ratings. Debt and equity capital may not continue to be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our existing debt includes restrictive and financial covenants. Certain current financing arrangements require us to comply with various restrictive covenants, and in certain cases contain financial covenants that require us to comply with specified financial ratios and tests. Our failure to meet these covenants could result in default under these loan and debt agreements, and may result in a cross-default under other debt agreements. In the event of a default and our inability to obtain a waiver of the default, all amounts outstanding under our debt agreements could be declared immediately due and payable. Our failure to comply with these covenants may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our receipt of funds under the CARES Act requires us to comply with certain covenants. If we do not comply with these covenants, the government may require us to repay the support given to us. Restrictive covenants in the documents governing our existing and any future indebtedness may limit our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to pursue our business strategies. The documents governing our existing indebtedness contain, and the documents governing any future indebtedness will likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on our ability to take actions that we believe may be in our interest. The documents governing our existing indebtedness, among other things, limit our ability to: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; make certain restricted payments or investments; enter into agreements that restrict distributions from restricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries; enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 create or incur liens; enter into sale/leaseback transactions; merge, consolidate or sell substantially all of our assets; and make certain investments and acquire certain assets. The restrictions could adversely affect our ability to: finance our operations; make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into alliances; withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general; engage in business activities, including future opportunities, that may be in our interest; and plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. Our ability to obtain future financing or to sell assets could be adversely affected because substantially all of our assets have been pledged as collateral for the benefit of the holders of our indebtedness. Unanticipated changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Furthermore, changes in income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain sales or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. Our financial results of operations could be adversely affected by impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets. When we acquire a business, we record goodwill equal to the excess of the amount we pay for the business, including liabilities assumed, over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the business we acquire. Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives must be evaluated for impairment at least annually, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The specific guidance for testing goodwill and other non-amortized intangible assets for impairment requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions when allocating goodwill to reporting units and determining the fair value of reporting unit net assets and liabilities, including, among other things, an assessment of market conditions, projected cash flows, investment rates, cost of capital and growth rates, which could significantly impact the reported value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Changes in our estimates and assumptions could adversely impact projected cash flows and the fair value of reporting units. Fair value is generally determined using a combination of the discounted cash flow, market multiple and market capitalization valuation approaches. Absent any impairment indicators, we generally perform our evaluations annually using available forecast information. If at any time we determine an impairment has occurred, we are required to reflect the reduction in value as an expense within operating income, resulting in a reduction of earnings and a corresponding reduction in our net asset value in the period such impairment is identified. As part of management s annual evaluation, the qualitative and quantitative analyses resulted in a conclusion that the fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values; therefore, goodwill and other indefinite lived intangibles were not impaired. In the event there are deteriorations in business conditions or estimated cash flows beyond amounts previously or currently forecasted, there is a risk of future impairments on our goodwill balance. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Our exposure to variable interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and swap counter party credit risk could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We are exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Some of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, generally linked to market benchmarks such as LIBOR. Any increase in interest rates would increase our finance expenses relating to our variable rate indebtedness and increase the costs of refinancing our existing indebtedness and issuing new debt. In addition, in July 2017, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced its intent to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. Although SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee as its preferred replacement for the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), it remains uncertain how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is imminent. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could cause potential increases in interest rates on our floating debt rate. These uncertainties or their resolution also could negatively impact our funding costs, loan and other asset values, asset-liability management strategies and other aspects of our business and financial results. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant government regulation and may need to incur significant expenses to comply with new or more stringent governmental regulation. The aviation industry is highly regulated in the United States by the FAA and equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. Prior to being placed into service the products and services that we provide for aircraft, engines and their components are required to meet certain standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in certain other countries. We also operate repair stations that are licensed by the FAA and the equivalent regulatory agencies in certain other countries. Specific regulations vary from country to country; although regulatory requirements in other countries are generally satisfied by compliance with FAA requirements. New and more stringent governmental regulations may be adopted in the future that, if enacted, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. Any revocation or suspension of our material licenses, certificates, authorizations, or approvals by the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. Users of Flight Equipment are regulated by general civil aviation authorities, including the FAA in the United States and similar governmental authorities in other countries, which regulate the maintenance of engines and issue airworthiness directives. Airworthiness directives typically set forth special maintenance actions or modifications with respect to certain engine and aircraft types or series of specific engines that must be implemented for the engine or aircraft to remain in service. Also, airworthiness directives may require the lessee to make more frequent inspections of an engine, aircraft or particular engine parts. Generally, the lessee of our Flight Equipment is responsible for complying with all airworthiness directives. However, if the Flight Equipment is off-lease and in certain circumstances, if dictated by the terms of a Flight Equipment lease, we may be forced to bear the cost of compliance with such airworthiness directives. A number of our leases require specific governmental or regulatory licenses, consents or approvals. These include consents for certain payments under the leases and for the export, import or re-export of our Flight Equipment. Consents needed in connection with future leasing or sale of our Flight Equipment may not be received timely or have economically feasible terms. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to lease or sell Flight Equipment, which, in turn, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The U.S. Department of Commerce (the Commerce Department regulates exports of goods outside the United States. We are subject to the Commerce Department s and the U.S. Department of State s regulations with respect to the lease and sale of aircraft, engines, engine parts and components, and airframes and accessory parts and components to foreign entities. The Commerce Department and the U.S. Department of State may, in certain cases, require us to obtain export licenses for certain items exported to foreign countries. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security, through the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, enforces regulations related to the import of aircraft, engines, engine parts and components, and airframe and accessory parts and components into the United States. We must expend resources to comply with these regulations and our failure to comply with these regulations may subject us to regulatory actions, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. We are prohibited from doing business with persons designated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC on its Specially Designated Nationals List, and must monitor our operations and existing and potential lessees and other counterparties for compliance with OFAC s rules. Similarly, sanctions issued by the United Nations, the United States government, the European Union or other governments could prohibit or restrict us from doing business in certain countries, or with certain customers or persons, and we must monitor our operations and existing and potential customers and other counterparties for compliance with such sanctions. We must expend resources to comply with these regulations and our failure to comply with these regulations may subject us to regulatory actions, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. We are also subject to a variety of other regulations including work-related and community safety laws. The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees, and established the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA in the Department of Labor. In particular, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of certain hazardous and toxic substances. In addition, specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment, disposal or storage of hazardous waste. Requirements under state law, in certain circumstances, may mandate additional measures for facilities handling materials specified as extremely dangerous. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA s health and safety requirements. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. Our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper or prohibited payments, or anything else of value, to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We and certain of our customers operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose corrupt or illegal activities could potentially subject us to liability under the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. We are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the United States and authorities in the European Union, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons, anti-money laundering laws, import and customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the Trade Control laws. There is no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA or other legal requirements, including Trade Control laws. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws or Trade Control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws by the United States or other authorities could 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 also have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable aviation and aerospace laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities or our business arrangements with third parties could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices or the business practices of our customers who generate our revenues may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse . If our operations or the operations of our customers who generate our royalties are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations, we or the customers who generate our revenues may be subject to significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, and imprisonment. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Our business and financial results may be affected by various litigation and regulatory proceedings. We are subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future. These proceedings have included, and in the future may include, matters involving personnel and employment issues, workers compensation, personal and property injury, disputes relating to acquisitions (including contingent consideration), governmental investigations and other proceedings. Some historical and current legal proceedings and future legal proceedings may purport to be brought as class actions on behalf of similarly situated parties including with respect to employment-related matters. We discuss legal proceedings in Note R Commitments and Contingencies within our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report (the Consolidated Financial Statements ). Some or all of our expenditures to defend, settle or litigate these matters may not be covered by insurance or could impact our cost and ability to obtain insurance in the future. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations, including to our management due to the increased time and resources required to respond to and address the litigation. The results of complex legal proceedings are often uncertain and difficult to predict. We cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any such claims, and resolution of these types of matters, against us may result in significant fines, judgments or settlements, which, if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments and settlements exceed insured levels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Liens on our Flight Equipment could exceed the value of such Flight Equipment, which could negatively affect our ability to repossess, lease or sell such Flight Equipment. Liens in favor of third parties may be attached to Flight Equipment we own, and in certain cases our engines may also be installed on airframes to which liens in favor of third-parties unrelated to the engines have been attached. These liens may secure substantial sums that may in certain circumstances exceed the value of the particular Flight Equipment to which the liens have attached. In certain jurisdictions, a lien may give the lien holder the right to detain, in limited cases, sell or cause the forfeiture of the Flight Equipment subject to the lien. Liens held by third parties may have priority over our and our creditors interest in respective AerSale Flight Equipment, either because the third-party liens have priority under applicable local law, or because our creditors security interests are not filed in jurisdictions outside the United States. These liens and lien holders could impair our ability to repossess and re-lease, or sell our Flight Equipment. If our customers do not discharge these liens, we may find it necessary to pay the claims secured by such liens to repossess the Flight Equipment subject to such third-party liens. In certain countries, an engine affixed to an aircraft may become an accession to the aircraft and we may not be able to exercise our ownership rights over the engine. In certain jurisdictions, a leased engine affixed to an aircraft may become an accession to the aircraft, such that the ownership rights of the owner of the aircraft supersede the ownership rights of the owner of the engine. If an aircraft is security for the owner s obligations to a third-party, the security interest in the aircraft may supersede our rights as owner of the engine. This legal principle could limit our ability to repossess a leased engine in the event of a lessee s bankruptcy 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 or lease default while the aircraft with the engine installed remains in such a jurisdiction. We may suffer a loss if we are not able to repossess engines leased to lessees in these jurisdictions. Our industry is susceptible to product and other liability claims, and claims not adequately covered by insurance may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business exposes us to possible claims for property damage and bodily injury or death, which may result if an aircraft, engine, engine part or component, airframe part or accessory, or any other aviation product that we have sold, manufactured, or repaired fails, or if Flight Equipment we serviced or leased, or in which our products are installed, has an accident. We carry substantial liability insurance in amounts that we believe are adequate for our risk exposure, and commensurate with industry norms. However, claims may arise in the future, and our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us in all circumstances. Additionally, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability claim not covered by adequate insurance may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We must comply with extensive environmental requirements, and any exposure to environmental liabilities may adversely affect us. Compliance with federal, state, and local requirements relating to the discharge and emission of substances into the environment, the disposal of hazardous wastes, the remediation and abatement of contaminants, and other activities affecting the environment, have had and may continue to have an impact on our operations. Certain of our facilities, including facilities acquired and operated by us or one of our subsidiaries, have at one time or another been under active investigation for environmental contamination by federal or state agencies. Under specific environmental laws and regulations, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at our past or present facilities and at third party waste disposal sites. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties and to civil and criminal liability. We cannot assess the possible effect of compliance with future environmental requirements, or of future environmental claims for which we may not have adequate indemnification or insurance coverage. If we were required to pay the expenses related to any future environmental claims for which neither indemnification nor insurance coverage were available, these costs and expenses may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Future regulatory developments in the United States and abroad concerning environmental issues such as climate change could adversely affect our operations, and increase operating costs. Additionally, through their impact on our customers, such regulations could reduce demand for our products and services. Actions may be taken in the future by the U.S. government, state governments within the United States, foreign governments, or the International Civil Aviation Organization ICAO to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases by the aviation industry. The precise nature of any such requirements and their applicability to us and our customers are difficult to predict, but the impact to us and the aviation industry, including the potential for increased fuel costs, carbon taxes or fees, or a requirement to purchase carbon credits, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may be adversely affected by global climate change, or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. Increasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance ESG expectations, physical and transition risks associated with climate change, and emerging ESG regulation and policy requirements may pose risk to our market outlook, financial outlook, cost of capital and global supply chain, which may impact our ability to achieve long-term business objectives. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations could lead to additional operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us, our products and/or services, or otherwise could negatively impact our business. The cost to comply with new and potential environmental laws and regulations could be substantial for the Company. In October 2016, ICAO passed a resolution adopting the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation CORSIA ), which is a global, market-based emissions offset program to encourage carbon-neutral growth beyond 2020. CORSIA is scheduled to be implemented through multiple phases beginning in 2021. ICAO 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 continues to develop details regarding implementation, but we believe compliance with CORSIA will increase operating costs for us and our customers. Risk Factors Related to our Common Stock Our share price may be volatile, and an active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not continue. There can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will not decline below its present market price. Additionally, an active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. If an active and liquid trading market does not continue, our stockholders may have difficulty selling any of our common stock. Among other things, in the absence of a liquid public trading market: you may not be able to liquidate your investment in shares of common stock; the market price of shares of common stock may experience significant price volatility; and there may be less efficiency in carrying out your purchase and sale orders. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If our analysts do not continue to cover us, or if no additional analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock could be negatively affected. Even with analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our common stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our common stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our common stock price to decline. Substantial future sales of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. Certain shares of our common stock are freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for any shares of our common stock that may be held or acquired by our directors, executive officers, and other affiliates, as that term is defined in the Securities Act, which are be restricted securities under the Securities Act. Restricted securities may not be sold in the public market unless the sale is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Certain of our stockholders and members of our management have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering shares of our common stock or to include shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. Any such sales, including sales of a substantial number of shares or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. We may also issue shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in ownership dilution to you as a stockholder and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends on shares of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings to fund operations, to service debt and other obligations, and to use for other corporate needs. Further, our credit facility and the CARES Act limit our ability to pay cash dividends. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 As an emerging growth company, we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. For as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies , including not being required to obtain an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which we have elected to do. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the earliest of the last day of the fiscal year (a) following February 11, 2024, the fifth anniversary of us becoming a publicly-traded company, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active market for our common stock, our share price may be more volatile and the price at which our securities trade could be less than if we did not use these exemptions. General Risk Factors As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have determined our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting are effective. We can provide no assurance that we will, at all times, in the future be able to report that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective. Companies that file reports with the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ). Section 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting. Annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act must contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Failure on our part to have effective internal financial and accounting controls would cause our financial reporting to be unreliable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. If any of our customers were to become insolvent or experience substantial financial difficulties, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If any of the customers with whom we do business become insolvent or experience substantial financial difficulties, we may be unable to timely collect amounts owed to us by such customers, and we may not be able to sell the inventory we have purchased for such customers, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations and liquidity needs could be materially negatively affected by market fluctuations or an economic downturn. Our results of operations could be materially negatively affected by economic conditions generally, both in the United States and elsewhere around the world. Concerns over inflation, rising interest rates, energy costs, geopolitical 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 issues, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and tensions in Western countries, the availability and cost of credit, and the U.S. financial markets have in the past contributed to, and may continue in the future contribute to, increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets. Domestic and international equity markets periodically experience heightened volatility and turmoil. These events may have an adverse effect on us. In the event of a market downturn, our results of operations could be adversely affected by those factors in many ways, including making it more difficult for us to raise funds if necessary, and our stock price may decline. ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2 PROPERTIES Our principal executive office is in Miami, Florida. In addition to our headquarters, we have the following operating locations: 

Facility: Primary Purpose: Goodyear, Arizona Aircraft MRO, Storage, Modification and Disassembly Roswell, New Mexico Aircraft MRO, Storage, Disassembly, and Distribution Millington, Tennessee (1) Aircraft MRO and Disassembly Rio Rancho, New Mexico Landing Gear MRO Miami, Florida Corporate Headquarters and Engineered Solutions Operations, Hydraulic, Pneumatic, PMA Operations, and Electro-Mechanical Component MROs Hialeah Gardens, Florida (2) USM Sales, Shared Services, and Flight Control Surfaces Memphis, Tennessee (3) USM Sales, Distribution and Component MRO Dublin, Ireland Flight Equipment Asset Management Bridgend, United Kingdom Regional Representative Sales Offices Singapore Regional Representative Sales Offices To support our growth and long-term business goals, we have expanded our operational facilities; (1) In February 2023, we leased 112,000 square feet of hangar space expanding our narrow body on-airport MRO presence. This new facility will provide additional capacity to accommodate the increasing MRO demand. We expect to commence operations in this facility in the first quarter of 2024. (2) Effective September 1, 2022 we entered into a lease for our Miami structures shop consisting of 88,000 square feet in Hialeah Gardens, Florida, for a term expiring in 2032. This location will also serve as office space for USM sales and shared services personnel. Relocation of office personnel has been completed while the structures shop is expected to conclude during the first half of 2023. Prior to the relocation, USM sales and shared services personnel were located in Sunrise, Florida. (3) In 2022, we commenced a 10-year lease for a new 315,000 square foot facility in Memphis, Tennessee. We completed shifting production related to our distribution operations from the previous 160,000 square foot location in the fourth quarter of 2022. Effective January 2023, the prior location has been reconditioned and subleased to a third party. Our Goodyear, Arizona and Roswell, New Mexico facilities are on airport locations at the Phoenix Goodyear Airport and Roswell International Air Center, respectively, and are two of our FAA-authorized repair station operations centers focusing on airframe aircraft maintenance and storage. Combined, they feature over 650,000 square feet of hangar space with a capability of dry desert long-term storage for up to 650 aircraft. In addition to having airframe maintenance service offerings at these facilities, we have four FAA-authorized repair station operations in our Rio Rancho, New 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Mexico, Memphis, Tennessee, and Miami, Florida facilities that provide component MRO service offerings. Collectively, these facilities support the operations of our TechOps segment. We primarily distribute USM parts from our dedicated distribution warehouse located in Memphis, Tennessee, in addition to on-site bulk storage capacity at our Roswell, New Mexico facility. These facilities collectively provide more than 500,000 square feet of available space to efficiently manage our Flight Equipment inventories and facilitate support of our customers urgent spare part requirements with non-stop delivery capacity to destinations worldwide. Combined, these facilities support the operations of our Asset Management Solutions segment. ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we are subject to litigation incidental to our business. The information set forth under Litigation under Note R Commitments and Contingencies within our Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ASLE . Holders of Record of our Common Stock As of February 24, 2023, there were 6,516 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions, statutory requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Currently, our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement limits our ability to pay cash dividends. Accordingly, we are prohibited from declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock without amending or modifying the terms of our credit facility. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers We may, from time to time, purchase our outstanding shares of common stock through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such purchases or exchanges, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, legal and regulatory considerations, contractual restrictions and other factors. Purchases, if any, will be funded through our available cash from operations. The amounts involved may be material. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Publicly Announced Plans October 1-31, 2022 - - - - November 1-30, 2022 (1) 1,500,000 14.8025 - - December 1-31, 2022 - - - - 1,500,000 (1) On November 8, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase, directly from the selling stockholders, of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The repurchase was made pursuant to that certain Share Repurchase Agreement, dated November 14, 2022, by and among the Company and Green Equity Investors CF, L.P., Green Equity Investors Side CF, L.P., LGP Associates CF, LLC and Florida Growth Fund LLC, at a price of 14.8025 per share for a total of 22,203,750. The repurchase was funded through cash on hand and the shares were retired. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index S P 500 and (iii) the S P 500 Aerospace Defense Index S P A D for the period from February 28, 2019, the first day Monocle s common stock was traded following its initial public offering, through December 31, 2022. For the period between February 28, 2019 through December 22, 2020 the figures relate to Monocle s common stock, and for the period between December 23, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the figures relate to AerSale Corporation s common stock. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in Monocle s common stock and in each of the S P 500 and S P A D at the market close on February 28, 2019, and assumes reinvestment of dividends. This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of AerSale Corporation under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. PART II 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED.] ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following management s discussion and analysis together with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements about AerSale s business, operations and industry that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements regarding AerSale s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. AerSale s future results and financial condition may differ materially from those currently anticipated by AerSale because of the factors described in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022 under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The Company We operate as a platform for serving the commercial aviation aftermarket sector. Our top executives have on average over 30 years of experience in aircraft and engine Flight Equipment management, sales and maintenance services, and are supported by an experienced management team. We have established a global purpose built and fully integrated aviation company focused on providing products and services that maximize the value of Flight Equipment in the middle to end of its operating life cycle. We are a worldwide provider of aftermarket commercial aircraft, engines, and their parts to passenger and cargo airlines, leasing companies, original equipment manufacturers OEM ), government and defense contractors, and maintenance, repair and overhaul MRO service providers. We report our activities in two business segments: Asset Management Solutions, comprised of activities that extract value from strategic asset acquisitions either as whole assets or by disassembling for used serviceable material USM ), and TechOps, comprised of MRO activities for aircraft and their components, sales of internally developed engineered solutions and other serviceable products. We focus on mid-life Flight Equipment and monetize them through our Asset Management Solutions segment. Asset Management Solutions activities include monetization of assets through the lease or sale of whole assets, or through disassembly activities in support of our USM-related activities. Our monetizing services have been developed to maximize returns on mid-life Flight Equipment throughout their operating life, in conjunction with realizing the highest residual value of Flight Equipment at its retirement. We accomplish this by utilizing deep market and technical knowledge related to the management of Flight Equipment sales, leasing and MRO services. To extract value from the remaining flight time on whole assets, we provide flexible short-term (generally less than five years) leasing solutions of Flight Equipment to passenger and cargo operators across the globe. Once the value from the Flight Equipment s flight time has been extracted, Flight Equipment is considered to be at or near the end of its useful life and is analyzed for return maximization as either whole asset sales or disassembled for sale as USM parts. Revenues from this segment are segregated between Aircraft and Engine depending on the asset type that generated the revenue. Lease revenues and the related depreciation from aircraft and engines installed on those aircrafts is recognized under the Aircraft category. Revenues from sales of whole aircraft and related cost of sales are allocated between the Aircraft and Engine categories based on the allocated cost basis of the asset sold. Our TechOps segment provides internal and third-party aviation services, including internally developed engineered solutions, full heavy aircraft maintenance and modification, component MRO, as well as end-of-life disassembly services. Our MRO business also engages in longer-term projects such as aircraft modifications, cargo and tanker conversions of aircraft, and aircraft storage. The TechOps segment also includes MRO services for landing gear, thrust reversers, hydraulic systems, and other aircraft components. We utilize these capabilities to support our customers Flight Equipment, as well as to maintain and improve our own Flight Equipment, which is subsequently sold or leased to our customers. These processes require a high degree of 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 expertise on each individual aircraft or component that is being serviced. Our knowledge of these processes allows us to assist customers to comply with applicable regulatory and OEM requirements. A significant amount of skilled labor is required to support this process, which the Company has accumulated through its diversified offerings. In addition to our aircraft and USM parts offerings, we develop Engineered Solutions consisting of Supplemental Type Certificates STCs that can be installed on existing Flight Equipment to improve performance, comply with regulatory requirements, or improve safety. An example of these solutions is the AerSafe product line, which we designed and obtained Federal Aviation Administration FAA approval to sell as a solution for compliance with the FAA s fuel tank flammability regulations. These products are proprietary in nature and function as non-OEM solutions to regulatory requirements and other technical challenges, often at reduced delivery time and cost for operators. In order to develop these products, we engage in research and development activities that are expensed as incurred. Continued impact of COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to negatively affect the global economy, our business and operations, supply chains, inflation, the labor market and the aviation industry. Commercial air travel has been significantly disrupted by the pandemic and government and business actions in response. Although we continue to see signs of ongoing recovery, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic will fully return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. For additional information related to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. Impact of Ukraine Conflict and Russia Sanctions In February of 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and is still engaged in an active conflict against the country. As a result, governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and other countries have enacted sanctions against Russia and Russian interests. These sanctions include controls on the export and re-export of certain goods, supplies, and technologies, supply of aircraft and aircraft components to Russian persons or for use in Russia, subject to certain wind-down periods, and the imposition of restrictions on doing business with certain state-owned Russian customers and other investments and business activities in Russia. In order to comply with these sanctions, we ceased pursuing future business in Russia and terminated our three leases with operators doing business in Russia, successfully recovering two aircraft with one engine still unrecovered. Due to continued uncertainty in the ability to recover this engine from Russia or to collect insurance coverage, we have fully impaired this asset. Although the current sanctions prohibit the continuation of certain business activities, the three leases referenced were contractually scheduled to expire in 2022 and therefore will have no material impact on our business or 2022 financial condition. While it is difficult to predict the short or long term implications of this conflict and sanctions on the global economy and the aviation industry, we intend to fully comply with all applicable sanctions and embargoes, and do not expect the current situation will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Sales and gross profit for AerSale s two business segments for the years ended in December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Revenue Asset Management Solutions Aircraft 101,511 87,461 16.1 Engines 176,096 144,549 21.8 277,607 232,010 19.7 TechOps MRO 95,258 99,899 (4.6) Product Sales 11,942 8,528 40.0 Whole Asset Sale 23,737 - 100.0 130,937 108,427 20.8 Total 408,544 340,437 20.0 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Gross Profit Asset Management Solutions Aircraft 36,156 30,157 19.9 Engines 82,075 59,389 38.2 118,231 89,546 32.0 TechOps MRO 21,111 28,133 (25.0) Product Sales 4,397 1,713 156.7 Whole Asset Sale 7,655 - 100.0 33,163 29,846 11.1 Total 151,394 119,392 26.8 Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 68.1 million or 20.0 compared to 2021, driven by an increase of 45.6 million, or 19.7 , within Asset Management Solutions and an increase of 22.5 million, or 20.8 , within TechOps. Asset Management Solutions Sales in the Asset Management Solutions segment increased by 45.6 million to 277.6 million, or 19.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, due to a 14.1 million increase in revenues from Aircraft, and a 31.5 million increase in revenues from Engines. The increase in Aircraft revenue is primarily attributable to increased activity in the B747 product line driven by Flight Equipment sales, which amounted to a total increase of 18.4 million compared to 2021, which was partly offset by lower leasing volume of 7.8 million driven by the termination of certain leases as a result of the Ukraine war, as well as the sale of previously leased Flight Equipment at the end of the lease term. The increase in Engines revenue is primarily attributable to increased activity in the CF6-80, CFM56 and PW4000 product lines as a result of higher Flight Equipment sales of 23.4 million and higher leasing activity of 5.9 million. The increase in Flight Equipment sales is directly related to the sale of previously leased Flight Equipment and asset acquisitions of Flight Equipment we carried out during 2021 and 2022, as we identified increased demand in product lines that served the cargo market as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of sales in Asset Management Solutions increased by 16.9 million to 159.4 million, or 11.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in cost of sales was primarily driven by the sales increase discussed above. Gross profit in Asset Management Solutions increased by 28.7 million to 118.2 million, or 32.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The margin increase is mainly attributable to higher margins on Flight Equipment sales and USM sales of 29.8 million, as well as lower impact of inventory reserves recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, which amounted to 1.8 million compared to 6.4 million in 2021. Aircraft gross profit margins increased to 35.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 34.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the impact of Flight Equipment s sales which generated an average margin of 37.9 , as well as lower inventory reserves. Engines gross profit margins increased to 46.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 41.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021, mainly due to the impact of Flight Equipment s sales which generated an average margin of 47.6 , partly offset by the impact of USM sales due to fluctuations in the product mix. TechOps AerSale s revenue from the TechOps segment increased by 22.5 million to 130.9 million, or 20.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the sale of Flight Equipment, which was purchased and controlled by the TechOps segment prior to its ultimate sale, along with improved landing gear and component repair activities; offset by lower revenues from storage and related maintenance activities in our Roswell facility as operators continue to return aircraft into active status, as well as a shift in resources at our Goodyear facility to support our cargo conversion projects on the B757 product line. Cost of sales in TechOps increased by 19.2 million to 97.7 million, or 24.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, driven by costs generated from the sale of Flight Equipment of 16.1 million and cost associated with revenue fluctuations noted above . Gross profit in TechOps increased 3.3 million to 33.2 million, or 11.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, driven by the profit generated from the sale of Flight Equipment of 7.6 million, offset by lower gross profit of 7.0 million on MRO services. Gross profit margin decreased to 25.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 27.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and was largely attributable to lower margins generated on MRO services of 22.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 28.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by lower margin on storage related maintenance at our Roswell facility. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 18.9 million to 96.3 million, or 24.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase was mostly related to higher payroll expenses of 10.7 million associated with market adjustments, additional headcount, and higher share-based compensation expense of 3.8 million, as well as higher cost incurred on improvements with respect to information technology and cybersecurity, professional consulting fees, and facility costs associated with new facilities. CARES Act Proceeds No CARES Act Proceeds were received or recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 14.8 million recognized during 2021. The amount recognized during 2021 was the result of the Payroll Support Extension Law and American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, which was enacted into law during 2021. Unrealized loss on investments AerLine Holdings, Inc. AerLine was a consolidating VIE prior to August 31, 2018. Refer to Note S for additional disclosures. On August 31, 2018, AerLine sold the customer relationships of its operating company, XTRA Airways, in consideration for a 9.99 interest in the buyer Buyer ), which rolled into the equity interest of a larger holding company when the Buyer was acquired. On November 10, 2021, AerLine transferred this equity interest to us in settlement of trade amounts due totaling 5.4 million. Based on the deterioration of the Buyer s financial condition noted by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized an unrealized loss on the investment of 5.4 million during the three-month period ended December 31, 2021. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability We account for our private warrants as a liability at their fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in our results from operations for the period. The fair value of our private warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 0.5 million loss on the change in fair value of the warrant liability, compared to a 2.9 loss in the prior year. Interest Expense Interest expense, net decreased by 2.1 million to 1.1 million income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021 and was primarily related to higher interest yields on our deposits and lack of borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility. Other Income, Net Other Income for the Year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1.8 million to 2.3 million, as compared to 2021 primarily due to the collection of insurance proceeds in the amount 4.3 million for the full settlement of the Air Indus insurance claim, of which 1.8 million was classified as other income. Income Taxes The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.2 compared to 24.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The modest decrease in the effective tax rate was mainly a result of a decrease in favorable permanent differences offset by an increase in credits. The difference between the effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate of 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to the impact of state income taxes and executive compensation, offset by the foreign derived intangible income deduction. The difference between the effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate of 21 for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the impact of state income taxes, a valuation allowance and permanent differences partially offset by the foreign derived intangible income deduction. Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 147.2 million of cash and cash equivalents. We finance our growth through cash flows generated from operations and borrowings secured by our assets. There were no borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2022. We had no outstanding balance on the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022, and we had 106.8 million of availability as of the end of 2022. Cash used in operations was 0.1 million, cash generated from investing activities was 41.4 million, and cash used in financing activities was 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe our equity base, internally generated funds, and existing availability under our debt facility are sufficient to maintain our level of operations over the next 12 months. Any projections of future cash needs and cash flows beyond the next 12 months are subject to substantial uncertainty, but we believe our sources of liquidity as discussed above will be sufficient to meet our long-term cash requirements. If an event occurs that would affect our ability to meet our capital requirements, our ability to continue to grow our asset base consistent with historical trends could be impaired and our future growth limited to that which can be funded from internally generated capital. Cash Flows Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided of 79.1 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease of 79.2 million was primarily due to the application of previously collected deposits to the sale of whole assets during the period, along with timing of cash advances to vendors. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 41.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash provided of 13.2 million in the same period for 2021. Cash provided from investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to the sale of Flight Equipment totaling 52.8 million, compared to 17.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.3 million, compared to cash provided of 8.6 million in the same period for 2021. The cash used in financing activities for 2022 is driven by the repurchase of common stock. The cash provided by financing activities in 2021 is primarily driven by proceeds from the exercise of warrants. Debt Obligations and Covenant Compliance Our amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement provided commitments for a 150.0 million revolving credit facility and includes a 10.0 million sub facility for letters of credit and for borrowings on same-day notice referred to as swingline loans. The maximum amount of such commitments available at any time for borrowings and letters of credit is determined according to a borrowing base calculation equal to the sum of eligible inventory and eligible accounts receivable reduced by the aggregate amount, if any, of trade payables of the loan parties, as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. Extensions of credit under the Revolving Credit Agreement are available for working capital and general corporate purposes. Effective March 12, 2021, we amended our Revolving Credit Agreement to increase our commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement to a 150.0 million aggregate amount, subject to borrowing base limitations, and to extend the maturity date to March 12, 2024, subject to certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended, and we had 106.8 million of availability. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note Q Leases within our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a listing of our non-cancelable contractual obligations under operating leases. The Company has entered into a purchase commitment with Universal Avionics, a subsidiary of Elbit Systems, valued at 33.1 million for the acquisition of technical equipment for manufacturing our AerAware product. The commitment is expected to be satisfied by the fourth quarter of 2023. The Company has a commitment for the purchase of cargo conversion kits to support its B757 freighter conversion program in the amount of 37.9 million. The commitment is expected to be satisfied during 2023. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Refer to Note A to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, for a listing of our significant accounting policies and estimates. The following is a summary of critical accounting estimates and additional information on the level of uncertainty regarding relevant changes to the estimates and assumptions. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Recognition We measure revenue based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer, and exclude any sales commissions and taxes collected and remitted to government agencies. We recognize revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time based on transfer of control of products and services to our customers. For service revenue, we utilize the input method of cost-to-cost to measure progress and recognize revenue over time as this depicts when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognized based on the relationship of actual costs incurred to date to the estimated total cost at completion of the performance obligation. We make certain judgments and estimates, including estimated revenues and costs, as well as inflation and the overall profitability of the arrangement. Key assumptions involved include future labor costs and efficiencies, overhead costs, and ultimate timing of product delivery. Differences may occur between the judgments and estimates made by management and actual program results. Changes in estimates and assumptions related to our arrangements are recorded using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. The catch-up adjustment for the current year due to changes in revenue estimates did not have a material impact on our financial statements. Inventory Cost We record inventory at the lower of cost or market value. For purchases of whole aircraft and engines for sale or lease, cost is determined using the specific identification method whereby total cost is the cost paid, including certain asset acquisition costs that can be capitalized, to acquire such assets as a whole. Additionally, we purchase certain whole aircraft and engines to disassemble and supply material for our engine and airframe USM inventory. For aircraft and engine parts that originate from such dismantled aircraft and engines, cost is determined using a ratio calculated based on the relationship of the cost of the dismantled aircraft or engine at the time of purchase to the total estimated sales value of the dismantled aircraft or engine at the time of purchase. At the time of sale, this ratio is applied to the sale price of each individual airframe and/or engine part to determine its allocated cost. At the time of sale, the sum of an individual part s allocated cost and actual repair or overhaul costs incurred represent the total cost for such part. Inventory not expected to be sold within the operating cycle is classified as non-current inventory on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We evaluate this ratio periodically, and if necessary, update our sales estimates and make prospective adjustments to this ratio. Any amounts identified with an estimated sales value lower than the carrying value is reduced to the estimated sales value at the time of the review. Expenditures required for the repair of engine and airframe parts are capitalized as inventory and are expensed as cost of sales when associated parts are sold. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we adjusted the estimated return in certain product lines as a result of new material received into inventory as well as changes in demand for certain product lines. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an inventory reserve of 1.8 million mostly related to changes in projected demand for certain materials driven by changing market conditions. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The most recent adopted and to be adopted accounting pronouncements are described in Note B to AerSale s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK In the normal course of business, we are subject to market risks. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and sales. Our exposure to market risk includes fluctuating interest rates and changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to the risk that our earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates associated with borrowings under our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, or the Credit Facility, which has variable interest rates tied to LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding variable rate borrowings under our Credit Facility. Therefore, a ten percent increase in the average interest rate affecting our variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 would not have had a material impact on our interest expense, financial position or continuing operations. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk We primarily use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency in all markets in which we operate in order to reduce our foreign currency market risk. Only general office expense and payroll transactions are denominated in local currency. A hypothetical ten percent devaluation of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would not have had a material impact on our financial position or continuing operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA AERSALE CORPORATION Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 43 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 44 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 45 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 46 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 47 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 48-79 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders AerSale Corporation Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AerSale Corporation (a Delaware corporation) (and subsidiaries) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Change in accounting principle As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases on January 1, 2022, due to the adoption of ASC 842, Leases . Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 March 7, 2023 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 AERSALE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Inventory: Aircraft, airframes, engines, and parts, net Advance vendor payments Deposits, prepaid expenses, and other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets: Aircraft and engines held for lease, net Property and equipment, net Inventory: Aircraft, airframes, engines, and parts, net Operating lease right-of-use assets - Deferred income taxes Deferred financing costs, net Deferred customer incentives and other assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income tax payable - Lessee and customer purchase deposits Current operating lease liabilities - Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term lease deposits Long-term operating lease liabilities - Maintenance deposit payments and other liabilities Deferred income taxes, net - Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 AERSALE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Products Leasing Services Total revenue Cost of sales and operating expenses: Cost of products Cost of leasing Cost of services Total cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Payroll support program proceeds - ) ) Transaction costs recovered - - ) Income from operations Other income (expenses): Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income, net Unrealized loss on investment - ) - Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) ) Total other income (expenses) ) ) Income before income tax provision Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 AERSALE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 AerSale Corporation Stockholders (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Additional Total Common stock paid-in Retained Shares of Treasury Stock, stockholders Amount Shares capital earnings Treasury Stock at cost equity Balance at December 31, 2019 - - Effect of reverse merger, net of closing costs of - - - Share-based compensation - - - - Net income - - - - - Balance at December 31, 2020 - - Issuance of Earn-Out shares - ) - - - ) Shares issued upon exercise of warrants - - - - Shares tendered for cashless redemption of public warrants ) - - - - Share-based compensation - - - - Net income - - - - - Balance at December 31, 2021 - - Shares issued upon exercise of warrants - - - - - - Shares issued under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan - - - - Shares issued under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan - - - - - - Shares surrendered for tax withholdings on equity awards - - ) - - - ) Purchase of treasury stock - - - - ) ) Retirement of treasury stock - ) ) - ) - Share-based compensation - - - - - Net income - - - - - Balance at December 31, 2022 - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 AERSALE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of operating lease assets - - Inventory reserve Impairment of aircraft held for lease - Provision for doubtful accounts ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability Share-based compensation Loss on related party investment - - Gain on legal settlement ) - - Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Deposits, prepaid expenses, and other current assets ) Deferred customer incentives and other assets ) Advance vendor payments ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Income tax payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Lessee and customer purchase deposits ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Business acquisition - - ) Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from legal settlement, net - - Acquisition of aircraft and engines held for lease, including capitalized cost ) ) ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of 8 Senior Secured Notes - - ) Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facility - - Repayments of Revolving Credit Facility - - ) Purchase of treasury stock ) - - Cash paid for employee taxes on withholding shares - ) - Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) - - Proceeds from exercise of warrants - - Proceeds from the issuance of Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares - - Proceeds from Merger - - Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash activities Income taxes paid Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities Reclassification of aircraft and aircraft engines inventory (from) to aircraft and engine held for lease, net ) ) Reclassification of customer purchase deposits to sale of assets - - Reclassification of amounts due from related party to investments - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 AERSALE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Aviation Administration FAA Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations Part 145 Certified Repair Facilities (the MROs) located in Miami, Florida, Goodyear, Arizona, Memphis, Tennessee, as well as in Roswell and Albuquerque, New Mexico. These facilities provide the Company flexibility and control to quickly prepare Company aircraft, engines, and inventory for market, as their selective refurbishment is frequently required to meet customers unique demand. In addition to maintaining the Company s fleet of aircraft, the MROs provide external customer support for maintaining their aircraft with general maintenance, preservation, lease return work, repair services, and long-term storage programs. Leveraging its robust engineering team, TechOps also provide highly specialized technical support to our MRO facilities, as well as developing advanced technical repairs, modifications and products marketed as Engineering Solutions. This business unit includes the design, manufacture, and installation of new products, systems, and services that can enhance aircraft performance, safety, and service life. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sells to a variety of customers worldwide. For certain transactions and customers not requiring payment in full prior to shipment of goods, the Company extends credit based on an evaluation of the customers financial condition. The Company monitors exposure to credit losses and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses in its accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowance, management considers historical losses, current market conditions, customers financial condition, amount of receivables in dispute, current receivables aging, and current payment patterns. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. A rollforward of the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows (in thousands): Provision ) Write-offs ) ) Balance at end of year On June 9, 2014, an aircraft leased to Air Indus suffered significant damage as the result of a terrorist attack. At that time, the Company recorded an impairment to the asset of million to adjust the carrying amount to the estimated residual value of million. The Company filed an insurance claim and recorded an insurance receivable of million, offsetting the impairment loss, which was recorded in accounts receivable in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the probable amount of the insurance recovery, limited to the amount of the loss recognized, was recorded as the insurance receivable. Effective November 30, 2022, a final settlement 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 million were received, of which million was classified as other income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Expenditures required for the repair of engine and airframe parts are capitalized as inventory and are expensed as cost of sales when associated parts are sold. The Company periodically evaluates its complete aircraft and engines in inventory and Flight Equipment held for lease to determine if events or market circumstances indicate that the assets most likely disposition has changed. Should conditions prevail at the time of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets that would suggest a more likely use as an asset held for lease rather than sale or disassembly for parts inventory or vice versa, it will be reclassified at its then-current book value between inventory and aircraft and engines held for lease, net. This transaction is a noncash item and if it occurs, is reflected in the schedule of supplemental cash flows. The carrying value of inventory is reviewed regularly, giving consideration to factors such as its physical condition, sales patterns, and expected future demand to estimate the amount necessary to write down our slow-moving, obsolete, or damaged inventory. Such inventory may be held for periods beyond one year. The Company recorded inventory scrap losses which are reflected as a component of cost of products in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. These scrap losses are as follows (in thousands): 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 to . Engines are depreciated using the straight-line method to the estimated residual value based on the total life remaining before disassembly. To arrive at the total engine life remaining before disassembly, the remaining life of the engine s life-limited parts, the estimated utilization, and condition, as well as the aircraft fleet supported by the engine model are considered. Upon completion of its estimated service life as a leased asset, Flight Equipment is reclassified to inventory at its carrying value. The Company discontinues the depreciation of Flight Equipment when it is held as inventory for ultimate parts sales. Differences between estimates of useful lives and residual values and actual experience may result in future impairments of aircraft or engines and/or additional gains or losses upon disposal. The Company reviews residual values of aircraft and engines periodically based on knowledge of current residual values and residual value trends to determine if they are appropriate and records adjustments as necessary. Cash flows related to the purchase and sale of Flight Equipment are presented as operating activities when the predominant source of cash flows related to the asset is from the ultimate parts sales of the assets. If the predominant source of cash flows related to the asset is expected to be from leasing of the asset, the cash flows are presented as investing activities. to . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the respective leases and the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Property and equipment held under capital leases are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Repairs and maintenance expenditures are expensed as incurred, unless such expenses extend the useful life of the asset, in which case they are capitalized. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 impairment was recorded. . Straight-line amortization is utilized. Where there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, or other factors that would reasonably limit the useful life of an intangible assets, that asset is classified as indefinite lived and such intangible assets are not amortized. Other intangible assets with indefinite lives are assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. These assets are carried at the estimated fair value at the time of acquisition. Our annual assessment date for indefinite lived intangible assets is July 1st. The Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis as of July 1, 2022 and 2021 on the indefinite lived intangible assets and concluded there were impairments. Other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment if any event or change in circumstance indicates that an impairment may have occurred. The Company annually reviews the estimated lives and methods used to amortize other intangible assets. The actual amounts of amortization expense may differ materially from our estimates, depending on the results of our annual review. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 million of contract assets from accounts receivable to deposits, prepaid expenses, and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. This reclassification had no impact on net income or cash flows from operating activities. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 million and operating lease liabilities of million on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The adoption of ASC 842 did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or Cash Flows. On May 3, 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. This new standard provides clarification and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (such as warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. This standard was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Under this standard, issuers should apply the new standard prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring after the effective date of the new standard. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an issuer elects to early adopt the new standard in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The standard was adopted and applied prospectively by the Company as of January 1, 2022, but the adoption and application did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements and disclosures, including interim periods. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 million from the U.S. Treasury Department Treasury through the Payroll Support Program PSP1 under the CARES Act, of which million was received prior to December 31, 2020 and the remaining amount was received during the first quarter of 2021. As part of the Payroll Support Extension Law PSP Extension Law ), the Company entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury PSP2 on March 4, 2021 for the receipt of relief funds of million during 2021. Pursuant to the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARP ), we entered into an agreement PSP3 with the U.S. Department of the Treasury on April 16, 2021 and received relief funds of an additional million, bringing the total to million during 2021. No relief funds were received during 2022. In connection with the financial assistance the Company has received under the Payroll Support Program, it was required to comply with certain provisions of the CARES Act, some of which have expired as of December 31, 2022, including the requirement that funds provided pursuant to the Payroll Support Program be used exclusively for the continuation of payment of employee wages, salaries and benefits; and the requirement against involuntary terminations and furloughs and reductions in employee pay rates and benefits from the signing date of the Payroll Support Program agreement through September 30, 2021. The agreement required the Company to issue a recall to any employee who was terminated or furloughed between October 1, 2020 and March 4, 2021 and enable such employee to return to employment. In addition, the Company is actively limited on the payment of certain employee compensation through April 1, 2023. These restrictions may affect the Company s operations and if the Company does not comply with these provisions, it may be required to reimburse up to 100 of any previously received relief funds. As of December 31, 2022, we have been in compliance with all of the provisions of the CARES Act. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 of total revenue, which was related to nonrecurring transactions that were collected during the year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for of total revenue, which was related to a nonrecurring transaction that was collected during the year. No customer made up more than 10 of our trade receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ) Contract assets are reported within deposits, prepaid expenses, and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in contract assets primarily results from the timing difference between our performance of services. Contract liabilities are reported as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amounted to million as of December 31, 2021, of which million was related to contract liabilities for services to be performed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized as revenue the entire opening balance of our contract liabilities as the timing between customer payments and our performance of the services is a short period of time and generally no longer than six months. Disaggregation of Revenue Whole asset sales Engineered solutions - Total products Leasing - Services - Total revenues 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Whole asset sales - Engineered solutions - Total products Leasing - Services - Total revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Asset Management Solutions TechOps Total Revenues USM Whole asset sales - Engineered solutions - Total products Leasing - Services - Total revenues Work-in-process Whole assets Less short term ) ) Long term 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Goodwill ALGS: FAA Certifications Goodwill ACS: Trademarks FAA Certifications Goodwill ACT: Trademarks FAA Certificates Goodwill Total intangible assets with indefinite lives The Company performed its annual quantitative impairment analysis as of July 1, 2022 and 2021 on the indefinite lived intangible assets and concluded there were impairments. The Company performed a qualitative impairment analysis as of October 1, 2022 and 2021 on the goodwill for the Asset Management Solutions and TechOps segment, and concluded there was impairment. ALGS: Customer relationships ACS: Customer relationships ACT: Customer relationships Total intangible assets with definite lives 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 The estimated aggregate amount of amortization expense for intangible assets in each fiscal year from 2023 through 2027 is million. Accumulated amortization amounted to and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Additions - - - Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 Additions - - - Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 Other intangible assets are reviewed at least annually or more frequently if any event or change in circumstance indicates that an impairment may have occurred. - Furniture and other equipment Computer software Leasehold improvements - Equipment under capital lease Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 The Company recorded an impairment of leased assets in the amount of million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in cost of leasing in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s current operating lease agreements for Flight Equipment on lease expire over the next month to . The amounts in the following table are based upon the assumption that Flight Equipment under operating leases will remain on lease for the length of time specified by the respective lease agreements. 2024 Total minimum lease payments 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued legal fees Commission fee accrual Accrued federal, state and local taxes and fees Other and shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. warrants were issued to founders in a private placement (the Private Warrants ), and warrants were public warrants (the Public Warrants that were exercisable immediately following the Closing. Each of the Company s Public Warrants entitled the registered holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. On November 29, 2021, the Company provided notice to holders of all of the Public Warrants that the Company would be redeeming all of the Public Warrants for a redemption price of per Public Warrant, and on December 29, 2021, such redemption was completed and the Public Warrants ceased trading on Nasdaq. Each of the Private Warrants entitles the registered holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. During 2022, a private warrant holder initiated a cashless exercise of warrants for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (remaining term on exercised warrants at December 31, 2022 was years) and we issued shares of common stock based on the fair value at the date of exercise of per share. The remaining Private Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 22, 2025, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as applicable. The Private Warrants include provisions that affect the settlement amount. Such variables are outside of those used to determine the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed instrument, and as such, the Private Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment under guidance contained in ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in a Company s Own Stock. The Company classifies the Private Warrants as a liability at their fair value subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date and adjusted at each reporting period until exercised or expired, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of the Private Warrants as of December 31, 2021 was determined using the market price of the Company s public warrants adjusted for their lack of liquidity. Effective December 29, 2021 all public warrants were redeemed on a cashless basis and ceased trading on Nasdaq. As a result, the Black-Scholes option pricing model was adopted to determine the fair value of the Private Warrants. The following table represents the assumptions for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used in determining the fair value of the Private Warrants as of December 31, 2022: 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Expected volatility of common stock Dividend yield - Expected option term in years The significant assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes calculation consist of interest rate for U.S. Treasury Bonds, as published by the U.S. Federal Reserve, and expected volatility estimated using historical daily volatility of guideline public companies. t have any outstanding debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total deferred financing costs were and million, respectively. Amortized debt issuance costs is recorded in interest expense through maturity of the related debt using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. million Wells Fargo Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility On July 20, 2018, AerSale Inc. and other subsidiary borrowers signatory thereto entered in a secured amended and restated Revolving Credit Agreement (as amended to date, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for a million aggregate amount of revolver commitments subject to borrowing base limitations and a maturity date of July 20, 2021. On March 12, 2021, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, provide a million aggregate amount of revolver commitments subject to borrowing base limitations and extend, subject to certain conditions, the maturity date to March 12, 2024. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement includes a million sub facility for letters of credit and for borrowings on same-day notice referred to as swingline loans . The maximum amount of such commitments available at any time for borrowings and letters of credit is determined according to a borrowing base calculation equal to the sum of eligible inventory and eligible accounts receivable reduced by the aggregate amount, if any, of trade payables of the loan parties, as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Extensions of credit under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The commitments under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement terminate on March 12, 2024, at which time all outstanding amounts on the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement will be due and payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding balance under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and at December 31, 2022 the Company had million of availability. As of December 31, 2021, there was outstanding balance under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the Company had million of availability. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 . The interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company s ability to borrow on the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is subject to ongoing compliance by the Company and the borrowers with various customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires the Company and borrowers to meet certain financial and nonfinancial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. ) U.S. state ) Foreign ) Total income tax expense ) Current Deferred Total Year Ended December 31, 2021: U.S. federal ) U.S. state ) Foreign ) Total income tax expense ) Current Deferred Total Year Ended December 31, 2020: U.S. federal ) ) U.S. state Foreign ) Total income tax expense 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Tax Rate Reconciliation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to the following (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Provision for income tax at the federal statutory rate State taxes Permanent differences ) Change in valuation allowance Executive compensation - Return to provision - FDII deduction ) ) - Other ) ) Total income tax expense Significant Components of Deferred Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the net effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): Foreign tax credit carryforwards Inventory basis differences Maintenance deposit payments Deferred revenue Allowance for doubtful accounts Start up costs Intangible assets - Stock compensation Outside basis difference Accrued expenses Section 174 capitalization - Lease obligations - Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets ) ) Section 481(a) adjustments - ) Right of use ) - Intangible assets ) - Deferred insurance proceeds - ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation Allowances ) ) Deferred income taxes, net The deferred tax assets are adjusted by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that a portion or all the deferred assets will not be realized. The Company has evaluated the positive 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 million on the deferred tax assets related to the outside basis difference as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had net operating losses available for carry-forward for Federal income tax purposes of approximately million and million, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards will expire on various dates through 2034. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 are subject to annual limitation under Sec. 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A deferred tax asset has been recorded only for those carryforwards that the Company expects to utilize prior to expiration. The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and in Ireland. Tax years beginning in 2018 through 2021 are open for examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax years beginning in 2017 through 2021 are open for examination by various state taxing jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to tax. Tax years beginning in 2017 through 2021 are open for examination by the Irish taxing authorities. ASC 740, Income Taxes, provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, and disclosure and transition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was reserve for uncertain tax positions. Weighted-average number of shares outstanding - basic Additional shares from assumed exercise of warrants Additional shares from assumed stock-settled restricted stock units - Additional shares issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan - - Weighted-average number of shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per share - basic: Earnings per share - diluted: Shares/units excluded from earnings per share - dilutive: Additional shares from assumed exercise of Private Warrants 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 . Cumulative Preferred Shares The preferred stock was issued at a purchase price of per share and ranked senior to common stock. The preferred stock had an initial liquidation preference equal to its per share purchase price, and accrued dividends at an annual rate of . Upon the consummation of the Merger, the liquidation preference of the preferred stock was triggered. All outstanding principal of million and cumulative unpaid dividends of million were settled in cash of million with the remaining balance converted to the Company s common stock at per share. Common Stock Upon the consummation of the Merger, holders of AerSale Aviation s common stock received shares of the Company s common stock at per share as merger consideration. The Company s common stock consist of par value, shares authorized, of which and shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Effective November 8, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase, directly from the selling stockholders, shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a price of per share for a total of . Stock Appreciation Rights SARs Prior to the Merger, AerSale Aviation granted stock appreciation rights to certain of its executives. These awards entitled the holders to compensation in the Company s stock from the date of grant to when the award is exercised. The awards were only exercisable upon a change in control and subject to the holder s continuing employment. On December 22, 2020, the exercise feature was triggered, and the awards were exercised. The Company s accounting policy is to reflect compensation expense when a change in control is deemed probable based on the grant date fair value of the award. As of the date of the Merger, the holder of in-the-money SARs were issued shares of the Company s common stock valued at million and cash, recognizing executive compensation in the amount of million. Earn-Out Shares Upon consummation of the Merger, the pre-closing holders of AerSale Aviation s common stock and the holders of in-the-money SARs received a contingent right to receive up to additional shares of the Company s common stock. Additionally, certain pre-closing holders of AerSale Aviation s common stock received a contingent right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, in the aggregate (the Earn-out Shares ), subject to the following: Prior to the fifth anniversary of the Merger, if the closing price per share of the Company s common stock is greater than for any period of trading days out of consecutive trading days, the holders will be entitled to receive of the Earn-out Shares in the aggregate Minimum Target Earn-out Shares and 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 for any period of trading days out of consecutive trading days, the holders will be entitled to receive all of the remaining Earn-out Shares not yet issued in the aggregate. Effective February 8, 2021, the contingency event related to the Minimum Target Earn-out Shares was met and shares were issued. Effective October 22, 2021, the contingency event related to the Maximum Target Earn-out Shares was met and shares were issued. The remaining shares pursuant to the contingent rights were withheld to cover employee taxes. We determined the Earn-out Shares to be classified as equity under ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in a Company s Own Stock as the contingent right is indexed to the Company s stock and accordingly, the accrual of the Earn-Out shares had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. Unvested Founder Shares Upon the Merger, certain pre-closing holders of AerSale Corporation s common stock agreed to defer the vesting of an aggregate of shares (the Unvested Founder Shares ), half of which will vest at such time as the Minimum Target (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and the other half of which will vest at the Maximum Target (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The Unvested Founder Shares will also vest upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event on or prior to the fifth anniversary of the date of the Amended and Restated Founder Shares Agreement, solely to the extent the Liquidity Event Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) is greater than (i) , in which case half of the Unvested Founder Shares which will vest, or (ii) , in which case the other half of the Unvested Founder Shares will also vest. Effective February 8, 2021, the contingency event related to the Minimum Target was met and half of the Unvested Founder Shares vested. Effective October 22, 2021, the contingent event related to the Maximum Target was met and the other half of the Unvested Founder Shares vested. Public Warrants On November 29, 2021, the Company provided notice to the then holders of all of our outstanding Public Warrants to purchase shares of our common stock that were issued under the warrant agreement as part of the units sold in our initial public offering, that we would be redeeming all of the Public Warrants for a redemption price of per Public Warrant on December 29, 2021 (the Redemption ). In accordance with the warrant agreement, following delivery of notice of the Redemption, all of our Public Warrants could only be exercised on a cashless basis in lieu of being redeemed. On December 29, 2021, we completed the Redemption and the Public Warrants ceased trading on Nasdaq. A total of Public Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis in lieu of being redeemed, resulting in net issuances of shares of our common stock under such Public Warrants. The remaining unredeemed Public Warrants were redeemed for a redemption price of per Public Warrant effective January 2022. The Private Warrants that are still held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees were not subject to the Redemption. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan The Company maintains a 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan and has registered shares of common stock issuable under the Plan. The 2020 Plan authorizes discretionary grants of incentive stock options to employees of the Company and its qualifying subsidiaries. The 2020 Plan also authorizes discretionary grants of non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents or other equity or cash-based awards to employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and to members of the Board of Directors of the Company. To the extent that an award under the 2020 Plan expires, is cancelled, forfeited, terminated, settled in cash or is otherwise settled without issuance of the full number of shares to which it relates, will become or again be available for awards under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan is administered by the Company s Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has complete, full and final authority to: designate participants; 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 2.02 Granted Forfeited ) Vested (1) ) - Outstanding December 31, 2022 2.88 

(1) Includes performance units that vested at the vesting target effective December 22, 2022, for which shares of common stock underlying vested RSUs were withheld to cover tax obligations. The shares withheld are again available for issuance under the plan. The Company s restricted stock units include performance-based awards that have vesting provisions subject to both time vesting and the achievement of certain performance milestones at and vesting targets, while the remaining awards vest over a period ranging from one to . For the restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2020 Plan containing both service and performance conditions, the Company recognizes compensation expense when the awards are considered probable of vesting. Restricted stock units are considered granted, and the service inception date begins, when a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions between the Company and the employee have been established. The fair value of these awards is determined based on the closing price of the shares on the grant date. The probability of restricted share awards granted with future performance conditions is evaluated at each reporting period and compensation expense is adjusted based on the probability assessment. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense for certain performance-based awards of million and million, respectively, given that the achievement of the performance milestones at the vesting target have been deemed probable for accounting purposes. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company also maintains a 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP and has registered shares of common stock issuable under the ESPP. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued shares pursuant to the ESPP and shares remain available for future issuance. business segments: Asset Management Solutions-comprised of activities to extract value from strategic asset acquisitions through leasing, trading, or disassembling for product sales TechOps - comprised of MRO activities; and product sales of internally developed engineered solutions and other serviceable products. 
 The Asset Management Solutions segment provides short-term and long-term leasing solutions of Flight Equipment to passenger and cargo operators worldwide. Assets considered to be at or near the end of their useful lives, 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Engine TechOps MRO services Product sales Whole asset sales Total Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross profit Asset Management Solutions Aircraft Engine TechOps MRO services Product sales Whole asset sales Total 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 TechOps Corporate 

2022 2021 2020 Total Depreciation and Amortization Expense Asset Management Solutions TechOps Corporate Total Capital Expenditures Asset Management Solutions TechOps Corporate Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Payroll support program proceeds - Transaction costs - - Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income, net Unrealized loss on investment - ) - Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) ) Income before income tax provision Foreign Total revenues Long-lived assets 2022 2021 Domestic Foreign - Total long-lived assets For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had one customer from which revenues generated exceeded of total sales. Total sales to this customer amounted to million, which was included in the Asset Management Solutions segment. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had one customer from which revenues generated exceeded of total sales. Total sales to this customer amounted to million, which was included in the Asset Management Solutions segment. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 TechOps Total intersegment revenues Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: Operating lease liabilities - current ) Operating lease liabilities - non-current 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Our weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate are as follows: Discount Rate Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets , and the contracts provide that such management may earn discretionary bonuses, computed upon a sliding percentage scale of their base salaries, based on the overall financial performance of the Company and each individual s contributions, subject to approval by the board of directors. Additionally, under certain termination conditions, such contracts provide for severance payments under the Company s Severance Plan, including payment of base salary, 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 interest in the buyer Buyer ), at which point AerLine ceased to meet the consolidation criteria as a VIE under U.S. GAAP and ceased operations. In a separate transaction where the Buyer was acquired, the interest held by AerLine in the Buyer rolled over to a larger holding company Investee in exchange for of its membership interest. In 2018, a portion of the balances due to the Company from AerLine was forgiven in exchange for the right to all proceeds received from AerLine related to its sale to the investee. The primary interest held by AerLine was the equity interest in the Investee. On November 10, 2021, AerLine transferred its ownership interest to the Company in settlement of amounts owed to the Company. As a result, the million balance due from AerLine was reclassified to Investment on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. Based on the deterioration of the Investee s financial condition noted by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an unrealized loss on the investment of million during the three-month period ended December 31, 2021. This loss is reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in unrealized loss on investment for the year ended December 31, 2021. Safe Harbor contributions of participants eligible earnings who have completed the plan s eligibility requirements. The contributions are made to the plan on behalf of the employees. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 million, consisting of approximately million in cash and shares of Company Common Stock at per share. As additional consideration, the pre-Merger holders of AerSale Aviation common stock and the holders of in-the-money SARs received a contingent right to receive up to additional shares of the Company s Common Stock, which were all issued in 2021. The Merger has been accounted for as a Reverse Recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For accounting purposes, Monocle is considered the acquired company and AerSale Aviation is considered the acquirer. The Company received cash proceeds in the amount of million resulting from the Merger, which was recorded as additional paid in capital. ACT Acquisition On January 7, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Aircraft Component Technologies, Inc. (ACT), a Florida corporation located in Miami, Florida, for million in cash. The purpose of the acquisition was to improve the Company s profitability by enhancing service in its TechOps segment. The results of ACT operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. All assets and liabilities of ACT were recorded at their fair market value, and to the extent that the purchase cost exceeded the fair market value of the net assets, that excess was recorded as goodwill, all of which is deductible for federal income tax purposes. The goodwill is attributable to the general reputation of the business and the collective experience of ACT s management and employees. ACT s revenues and income from operations from January 7, 2020 through December 31, 2020 were and million, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of AerSale Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems which are determined to be effective provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and oversight of the Board of Directors, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered accounting firm on management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to the exemption from such requirements established by rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information on our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of Securities to Weighted-Average Number of Securities Remaining be Issued Upon Exercise Exercise Price of Available for Future of Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, Issuance Under Equity Plan Category: Warrants, and Rights Warrants, and Rights Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 2,438,611 (2) 11.22 1,262,894 (3) Total 2,438,611 11.22 1,262,894 (1) Consists of the AerSale Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan and the AerSale Corporation 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 (2) All outstanding awards represent shares pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The shares pursuant to the 2020 Plan include 1,063,333 performance-based awards expected to achieve the performance milestones at the 200 vesting target. (3) Under the 2020 Plan, a total of 809,620 shares were available for issuance in the form of restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, or other stock-based or cash-based awards as of December 31, 2022. Under the ESPP, a total of 453,274 shares were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 The remainder of the response to this Item 12 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE S (a)(1) Financial Statements. The financial statements required by this item are listed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report. Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 8, 2019, by and among Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Holdings Inc., AerSale Corp., Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the Holder Representative 8-K 001-38801 2.1 12/9/2019 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 13, 2020, by and among Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Holdings Inc., AerSale Corp., Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the Holder Representative 10-Q 001-38801 2.1 08/4/2020 2.3 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 8, 2020, by and among Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Holdings Inc., AerSale Corp., Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the Holder Representative. 8-K 001-38801 2.1 09/08/2020 2.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 16, 2020, by and among Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Holdings Inc., AerSale Corp., Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the Holder Representative. 8-K 001-38801 10.5 12/17/2020 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Monocle Holdings Inc., dated October 13, 2020. S-4/A 333-235766 3.1 10/14/2020 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Monocle Holdings Inc., dated December 22, 2020. 8-K 001-38801 3.2 12/23/2020 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AerSale Corporation, dated June 17, 2021. 10-Q 001-38801 3.3 08/09/2021 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Monocle Holdings Inc., dated October 13, 2020. S-4/A 333-235766 3.2 10/14/2020 3.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of AerSale Corporation, dated December 22, 2020. 8-K 001-38801 3.4 12/23/2020 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of AerSale Corporation, dated June 17, 2021. 8-K 001-38801 3.1 06/21/2021 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Monocle Holdings Inc. S-4/A 333-235766 4.2 02/14/2020 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Monocle Holdings Inc. S-4/A 333-235766 4.3 02/14/2020 4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated February 6, 2019, between Monocle Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 8-K 001-38801 4.1 02/12/2019 4.4 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and among Monocle Holdings Inc., Monocle Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 8-K 001-38801 10.9 12/23/2020 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities 10-K 001-38801 4.4 3/15/2022 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, by and among Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Holdings Inc., AerSale Corp., Monocle Merger Sub 1 Inc., Monocle Merger Sub 2 LLC, and Leonard Green Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the Holder Representative. 8-K 001-38801 10.4 12/17/2020 10.2 Amended and Restated Founder Shares Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, by and among Monocle Partners, LLC, Cowen Investments II LLC, Monocle Acquisition Corp, Monocle Holdings Inc. and AerSale Corp. 8-K 001-38801 10.1 09/08/2020 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Founder Shares Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, by and among Monocle Partners, LLC, Cowen Investments II LLC, Monocle Acquisition Corp, Monocle Holdings Inc. and AerSale Corp. 8-K 001-38801 10.2 12/17/2020 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.4 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and among Monocle Holdings Inc., Monocle Acquisition Corporation, Monocle Partners, LLC, Cowen Investments II LLC, C. Robert Kehler, Donald W. Manvel, John C. Pescatore, Green Equity Investors V, L.P., Green Equity Investors Side V, L.P., LGP Parts Coinvest LLC., Florida Growth Fund LLC, Enarey, LP and ThoughtValley Limited Partnership. 8-K 001-38801 10.7 12/23/2020 10.5# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Nicolas Finazzo 10-K 001-38801 10.10 03/16/2021 10.6# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Robert B. Nichols 10-K 001-38801 10.11 03/16/2021 10.7# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Martin Garmendia 10-K 001-38801 10.12 03/16/2021 10.8# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Basil Barimo 10-K 001-38801 10.13 03/16/2021 10.9# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Gary Jones 10-K 001-38801 10.14 03/16/2021 10.10# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Iso Nezaj 10-K 001-38801 10.15 03/16/2021 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.11# Executive Offer Letter between AerSale Inc. and Craig Wright 10-K 001-38801 10.16 03/16/2021 10.12# Amended and Restated AerSale Corp. Stock Appreciation Rights Plan. S-4/A 333-235766 10.8 02/14/2020 10.13# AerSale Corporation Severance Plan. S-4/A 333-235766 10.9 02/14/2020 10.14# AerSale Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. S-4/A 333-235766 10.1 10/14/2020 10.15# Forms of award agreements under the AerSale Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan S-8 333-253424 99.2 02/24/2021 10.16# AerSale Corporation 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S-4/A 333-235766 10.11 10/14/2020 10.17 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2018, by and among Aersale Aviation Inc., the existing borrowers thereto, the lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender. 10-K 001-38801 10.22 03/16/2021 10.18 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2020, by and among AerSale Aviation Inc., the existing borrowers thereto, the lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender. 10-K 001-38801 10.23 03/16/2021 10.19 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and among AerSale Aviation Inc., the existing borrowers thereto, the lenders thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, AerSale Ireland 1 Limited, as new borrower and AerSale Corporation and Monocle Parent LLC, as guarantors. 10-K 001-38801 10.24 03/16/2021 10.20# AerSale Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Policy 10-K 001-38801 10.25 08/09/2022 10.21# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice under the AerSale Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors). 10-K 001-38801 10.26 08/09/2022 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith # Denotes a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Schedules and exhibits to these agreements have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplemental copies of such omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 2 

AerSale Corporation Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Nicolas Finazzo Nicolas Finazzo Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Nicolas Finazzo Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Division President, TechOps and Director March 7, 2023 Nicolas Finazzo (principal executive officer) /s/ Robert B. Nichols Vice Chairman, Division President, March 7, 2023 Robert B. Nichols Asset Management Solutions and Director /s/ Martin Garmendia Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 7, 2023 Martin Garmendia principal financial and accounting officer /s/ Jonathan Seiffer Director March 7, 2023 Jonathan Seiffer /s/ Eric J. Zahler Director March 7, 2023 Eric J. Zahler /s/ Sai S. Devabhaktuni Director March 7, 2023 Sai S. Devabhaktuni /s/ Richard J. Townsend Director March 7, 2023 Richard J. Townsend /s/ General C. Robert Kehler Director March 7, 2023 General C. Robert Kehler /s/ Peter Nolan Director March 7, 2023 Peter Nolan /s/ Michael Kirton Director March 7, 2023 Michael Kirton /s/ Lt. General Judith A. Fedder Director March 7, 2023 Lt. General Judith A. Fedder 
 90 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 asle-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation AerSale Corporation Delaware Monocle Parent, LLC Delaware AerSale Aviation, Inc. Delaware AerSale, Inc. Florida AerSale Component Solutions, Inc. New Mexico Avborne Accessory Group, Inc. Delaware Aircraft Composite Technologies, Inc. Florida Aircraft MSN 24125 Trust Utah Trust AerSale Aviation Limited Ireland AerSale 27043 Aviation Limited Ireland AerSale 27469 Aviation Limited Ireland AerSale 27910 Aviation Limited Ireland AerSale Ireland 1 Limited Ireland Gables MSN 26343 Limited Ireland Coral Gables 1 Limited Ireland Coral Gables 2 Limited Ireland Qwest Air Parts, LLC Florida Q2 Aviation, LLC Tennessee AerSale USA 1 LLC Delaware AerSale USA 2 LLC Delaware AerSale USA 2 Sub LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 asle-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We have issued our report dated March 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of AerSale Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of AerSale Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-253424) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-262009). /s/ Grant Thornton LLP Miami, Florida March 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 asle-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Nicolas Finazzo, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AerSale Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5 

Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Nicolas Finazzo Nicolas Finazzo Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 asle-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Martin Garmendia, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AerSale Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Martin Garmendia Martin Garmendia Chief Financial Officer principal financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 asle-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AerSale Corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 5 

Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Nicolas Finazzo Nicolas Finazzo Chief Executive Officer principal executive officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 asle-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AerSale Corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Martin Garmendia Martin Garmendia Chief Financial Officer principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 asle-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 asle-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 asle-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 asle-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

