<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1784254_0001784254-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8202175</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189345</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1499849</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2249831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2338299</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1814188</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001784254-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331072837
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001784254-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mediaco Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784254
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				842427771
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39029
		FILM NUMBER:		23783223

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		395 HUDSON ST, FLOOR 7
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-229-9797

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		395 HUDSON ST, FLOOR 7
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001784254-23-000004.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 mdia-20221231.htm
 10-K

mdia-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of MediaCo Holding Inc. s classes of common stock, as of March 24, 2023, was: 
 Class A Common Shares, .01 par value 
 Class B Common Shares, .01 par value 
 Class C Common Shares, .01 par value 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 PART II 
 21 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 54 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 
 PART III 
 56 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 56 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 56 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 56 
 PART IV 
 57 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 58 
 Signatures 
 59 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to MediaCo, the Company, we, our, us, and similar terms refer to MediaCo Holding Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report includes or incorporates forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify these forward-looking statements by our use of words such as intend, plan, may, will, project, estimate, anticipate, believe, expect, continue, potential, opportunity and similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. Such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, are based on managements estimates, assumptions and beliefs regarding our future plans, intentions and expectations. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. All statements regarding our expected financial position, business, results of operations and financing plans are forward-looking statements. 
 Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important facts in various cautionary statements in this report that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements that we make. These include, but are not limited to, the factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 The forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers or dispositions. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 MediaCo Holding Inc. MediaCo or the Company is an owned and operated multi-media company formed in Indiana in 2019, focused on radio and digital advertising, premium programming and events. 
 Our assets consist of two radio stations, WQHT(FM) and WBLS(FM), which serve the New York City demographic market area that primarily targets Black, Hispanic, and multi-cultural consumers. We derive our revenues primarily from radio and digital advertising sales, but we also generate revenues from events, including sponsorships and ticket sales, licensing, and syndication. 
 On December 9, 2022, Fairway Outdoor LLC, FMG Kentucky, LLC and FMG Valdosta, LLC (collectively, Fairway ), all of which are wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries of MediaCo, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with The Lamar Company, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed as of the date of the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price was 78.6 million, subject to certain customary adjustments, paid at closing in cash. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of 46.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 We have classified the related assets and liabilities associated with our Fairway business as discontinued operations in our consolidated balance sheets and the results of our Fairway business have been presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income for all periods presented through December 9, 2022 as the sale represented a strategic shift in our business that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. Unless otherwise noted, discussion refers to the Company's continuing operations. See Note 2 Discontinued Operations in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us and our refer to MediaCo and its subsidiaries. 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 We are committed to improving the operating results of our core assets while simultaneously seeking future growth opportunities in new radio businesses that focus predominately on multi-cultural audiences in the national and digital advertising spaces. Our strategy is focused on the following operating principles: 
 Develop unique and compelling content and strong brands 
 Our established nationally recognized media brands have achieved and sustained a leading position in their respective local market segments over many years, with each having a strong brand identity that reaches beyond its local footprint. The knowledge of the New York market and consistently producing unique and compelling content that meets the needs of our target audiences are critical to our success. As such, we make substantial investments in areas such as market research, data analysis and creative talent to ensure that our content remains relevant and fresh, has a meaningful impact on the communities we serve and reinforces the core brand image of each respective property. 
 Extend the reach and relevance of our local brands through digital platforms 
 In recent years, we have placed substantial emphasis on enhancing the distribution of our radio content through digital and mobile platforms. We believe these digital platforms offer excellent opportunities to further enhance the relationships we have with our audiences by allowing them to consume and share our content in new ways and providing us with new distribution channels for one-to-one communication with our end user. 
 Deliver results to advertisers 
 Competition for advertising revenue is highly competitive and becoming more so as the overall market has declined due to shifts in the way advertising dollars are directed. To remain competitive, we focus on sustaining and growing our radio audiences, optimizing our pricing strategy and developing innovative marketing programs for our clients that allow them to interact with our audiences in more direct and measurable ways. These programs often include elements such as on-air endorsements, events, contests, special promotions, Internet advertising, email marketing, interactive mobile advertising and online video. Our ability to deploy multi-touchpoint marketing programs allows us to deliver a stronger return-on-investment for our clients while simultaneously generating ancillary revenue streams for our media properties. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Extend sales efforts into new market segments 
 Given the competitive pressures in many of our traditional advertising categories, we have been expanding our network of advertiser relationships into not-for-profits, political advertising, corporate philanthropy, environmental initiatives and government agencies. These efforts primarily focus on the health care and education sectors. We believe our capabilities can address these clients under-served needs. 
 Enhance the efficiency of our operations 
 We believe it is essential that we operate our businesses as efficiently as possible. We regularly review our business operations and reduce costs or realign resources as necessary. We have also invested in technology solutions to help further streamline our business processes. 
 Pursue acquisition and investment opportunities 
 We may pursue acquisitions or other investment opportunities in a variety of media-related businesses as well as a variety of other industries and market sectors. We believe that consummating such acquisitions and investments can be a valuable tool in our efforts to grow our business. 
 Leverage the power of the brands 
 We believe our brands are well integrated within the Hip Hop and R B marketplace. We will continue to expand our national reach on each of our brands through the digital, streaming, syndication and licensing arenas. Our celebrity talent has broad national and international influence and are integrated into key cultural moments, which help amplify our brands. 
 RADIO STATIONS 
 In the following table, Market Rank by Revenue is the ranking of the market revenue size of the principal radio market served by our stations among all radio markets in the United States. Market revenue rankings are from BIA s Investing In Radio 2022, fourth edition. Ranking in Primary Demographic Target is the ranking of the station within its designated primary demographic target among all radio stations in its market based on the December 2022 Nielsen Audio, Inc. Nielsen Portable People Meter results. A t indicates the station tied with another station for the stated ranking. Station Audience Share represents a percentage generally computed by dividing the average number of persons in the primary demographic listening to a particular station during specified time periods by the average number of such persons in the primary demographic for all stations in the market area as determined by Nielsen. 
 STATION AND MARKET MARKET 
 RANK BY 
 REVENUE 
 FORMAT PRIMARY 
 DEMOGRAPHIC 
 TARGET AGES 
 RANKING IN 
 PRIMARY 
 DEMOGRAPHIC 
 TARGET 
 STATION 
 AUDIENCE 
 SHARE 
 New York, NY 2 WQHT(FM) Hip-Hop 18-34 5 5.1 WBLS(FM) Urban Adult Contemporary 25-54 3 6.2 
 RADIO ADVERTISING SALES 
 Our stations derive their advertising revenue from local and regional spot radio and digital advertising in the marketplaces in which they operate, as well as from the sale of national advertising. Local and most regional sales are made by a station s sales staff. National sales are made by firms specializing in such sales, which are compensated on a commission-only basis. We believe that the volume of national advertising revenue tends to adjust to shifts in a station s audience share position more rapidly than does the volume of local and regional advertising revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 22 of our total spot radio advertising revenues were derived from national sales and 78 were derived from local sales. 
 NON-TRADITIONAL REVENUES 
 Our stations are involved with numerous events in the market in which we operate, that support the local community, entertain our audiences, and better connect our listeners with our stations and our advertisers. In most cases, a third party produces the event, which we help promote, and we sell certain sponsorship opportunities to our advertisers. In these situations, we do not bear financial risk on the success of the event. In limited cases, such as Hot 97's Summer Jam, we produce the event, including securing the performing artists and venue, and are primarily responsible for the financial risk and reward, including ticket and sponsorship sales associated with the event. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 NEW TECHNOLOGIES 
 We believe that the growth of new technologies not only presents challenges, but also opportunities for broadcasters. The primary challenge is increased competition for the time and attention of our listeners. The primary opportunity is to further enhance the relationships we already have with our listeners by expanding products and services offered by our radio stations to adjacent areas of entertainment, including streaming, gaming, and sports, and to increase audience reach via connected devices. 
 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 
 We believe that to be successful, we must be integrally involved in the communities we serve. We see ourselves as community partners. To that end, our radio stations participate in many community programs, fundraisers and activities that benefit a wide variety of causes. Charitable organizations that have been the beneficiaries of our support include, among others, Hip Hop has Heart, the Harlem Chamber of Commerce, the Sarcoidosis Foundation, New York Cares, American AIDS Foundation and the Queens Police Service Area Community Counsel. We have embarked on a relationship with the Universal Hip Hop Museum, which is currently under construction in New York City. 
 In January 2022, we helped raise over 1 million by broadcasting a day-long fundraiser for the families impacted by the Bronx apartment fire at Twin Parks North-West. 
 COMPETITION 
 Radio broadcasting stations compete with the other broadcasting stations in their respective market areas, as well as with other advertising media such as newspapers, cable, magazines, outdoor advertising, transit advertising, the Internet, satellite radio, streaming services, direct marketing, and mobile and wireless device marketing. Competition within the broadcasting industry occurs primarily in individual market areas, so that a station in one market (e.g., New York) does not generally compete with stations in other markets (e.g., Los Angeles). Our stations face competition from other stations with substantial financial resources, including stations targeting the same demographic groups. In addition to management experience, factors that are material to competitive position include the station's rank in its market in terms of the number of listeners, authorized power, assigned frequency, audience characteristics, local program acceptance and the number and characteristics of other stations in the market area. We attempt to improve our competitive position with programming and promotional campaigns aimed at the demographic groups targeted by our stations. We also seek to improve our position through sales efforts designed to attract advertisers that have done little or no radio advertising by emphasizing the effectiveness of radio advertising in increasing the advertisers' revenues. The policies and rules of the FCC permit certain joint ownership and joint operation of local stations. Our radio stations take advantage of these joint arrangements when appropriate to lower operating costs and to offer advertisers more attractive rates and services. Although we believe that each of our stations can compete effectively in its market, there can be no assurance that either of our stations will be able to maintain or increase its current audience ratings or advertising revenue market share. 
 Although the broadcasting industry is highly competitive, barriers to entry exist. The operation of a broadcasting station in the United States requires a license from the FCC. Also, the number of stations that can operate in a given market is limited by the availability of the frequencies that the FCC will license in that market, as well as by the FCC's multiple ownership rules regulating the number and types of stations that may be owned or controlled by the same person or company. 
 In selecting the form of media through which to advertise, advertisers evaluate their ability to target audiences having a specific demographic profile, lifestyle, brand or media consumption or purchasing behavior, or audiences located in, or traveling through, a particular geography. Advertisers also compare the relative costs of available media, evaluating the number of impressions (potential viewings), exposure (the opportunity for advertising to be seen) and circulation (traffic volume in a market), as well as potential effectiveness, quality of related services (such as advertising copy design and layout) and customer service. In competing with other media, we believe that radio is more cost-efficient than other media, allowing advertisers to reach broader audiences and target specific geographic areas or demographic groups within markets. Additionally, the strength of our digital reach and brand recognition allows us to compete for national digital advertising dollars. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our mission is to connect brands and consumers by delivering innovative advertising insights and solutions while enhancing our communities. We believe that our success is dependent upon successful execution of this mission, and a critical component in achieving this mission is attracting, motivating and retaining great people who allow us to continue to find new and innovative ways to serve our customers and our communities. We believe our key human capital management objective is to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent and subject matter experts in the sectors we operate. We believe an alignment between talent and strategy is key to scaling the business. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, we had 141 full-time and part-time employees, compared to 192 at December 31, 2021, at which earlier date 49 of which employees were employed in our disposed outdoor advertising business. 
 To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive to create strong teams and vibrant culture at every level of our organization through our core values of integrity, innovation, excellence and safety. We also strive to offer a fair and competitive compensation and benefits program, foster a community where everyone feels included and empowered to do their best work, provide a safe workplace, and give employees the opportunity to give back to their communities and make a social impact. We believe people can achieve their full potential when they enjoy their work, so it is our priority to provide a workplace where growth, success and fun go hand in hand. We are implementing annual goal-setting and performance management processes, as well as formal surveys of our employees on a periodic and ongoing basis to measure engagement and identify areas for improvement. 
 Code of Business Conduct 
 We are deeply committed to promoting a culture of ethical conduct and compliance. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all employees as well as officers and all members of the Board, reinforces our core values and helps drive our workplace culture of compliance with ethical standards, integrity and accountability. Training on the Code is mandatory upon employment and is provided on an annual basis. Highlights from our Code include a no retaliation policy for anyone who, acting in good faith, notifies us of a possible violation of the Code, our policies or the law; a commitment to human rights and labor protections in all of our operations, and the expectation that our business partners uphold the same standards; and an anti-corruption policy that prohibits offering, attempting to offer, authorizing or promising any bribe or kickback for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or an unfair advantage. 
 Compensation and Benefits Programs 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide competitive packages to address the needs of the individuals we employ to ensure we have alignment with culture, expectations and value driven results. Our sales employees are incentivized through sales commission programs. Our executives and certain other employees receive long-term equity awards that vest over time. We believe that a compensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns employee and stockholder interests. 
 We also provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of healthcare and insurance benefits, qualified spending accounts, retirement savings plans and various other benefits. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination and harassment. We respect and embrace diversity of thought and experience and believe that a diverse workforce produces more innovative insights and solutions, resulting in better products and services for our customers. As we bring brands face-to-face with people, we believe our teams need to be as diverse in their composition and outlook as the audiences we reach every day, and we work together to create an inclusive environment where everyone can bring their true selves to work. We work on building teams that reflect the life experiences of those we serve. Our teams align with our mission and values; of the 141 full-time and part-time employees driving the business, over 78 are Black, Hispanic, or Asian, and 43 are female. 
 Community Involvement 
 One of our guiding principles is making a difference in the communities we serve, and our corporate social responsibility initiatives are an important part of our culture. We believe that building connections between our employees, their families and our communities creates a more meaningful, fulfilling and enjoyable workplace. As a company, we endeavor to use our resources and products to drive meaningful societal change and have collaborated with local and national organizations globally to improve health and public safety; to ensure a sustainable environment; to promote arts, education and cultural diversity; and to support market-by-market advertising standards. MediaCo aims to be purposeful and do the right thing and over the years we have worked with our community to educate, understand, guide and amplify their voices to ensure our audience feels heard and appreciated . 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Listed below is certain information about the executive officers of MediaCo as of December 31, 2022. All of our executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 NAME POSITION AGE AT 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 YEAR FIRST ELECTED OFFICER Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Chief Executive Officer and Director 51 2021 Bradford A. Tobin President, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel 40 2020 Ann C. Beemish Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 50 2021 
 Mr. Lindsay was appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer in June 2021. Prior to joining MediaCo, Mr. Lindsay served as the Executive Vice President of Advertising Sales and Marketing for Urban One, Inc. for nine years, where he oversaw advertising sales, integrated marketing, and sales operations for TV One and sister network CLEO TV, which he helped launch in 2019. In 2020, he took over as head of iOne Digital ad sales and One Solution, Urban One s cross-platform marketing group, as well as One X Studios, the branded content production arm of Urban One. Mr. Lindsay has been a member of the Advisory Board of Rutgers University School of Business since 2018. In addition, he maintains a seat on the International Radio and Television Society board, a position that he has held for the past four years and serves as the co-chair of the board of directors for The Brotherhood/Sister Sol, a Harlem-based nonprofit organization providing education and personal development, career training and support services to underserved youth. 
 Mr. Tobin has served as President, Chief Operating Officer, and General Counsel since June 2021, after being appointed as Chief Operating Officer in August 2020. Mr. Tobin has over 15 years of legal and operational experience. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tobin served as General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary of Standard Diversified Inc. (a former affiliate of the Company), and before that served as the General Counsel and Senior Vice President of General Wireless Operations Inc. d/b/a RadioShack. Preceding this role, Mr. Tobin served on the distressed debt team at Silver Point Capital, LP. 
 Ms. Beemish was appointed to the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in November 2021. Ms. Beemish was previously the Senior Vice President of Finance at MediaCo since March 2021. Prior to joining MediaCo, Ms. Beemish served as Knotel's Head of Global Administration and Readiness and Head of Global People Operations. She founded consultancy Huppe Beemish LLC in 2016 and served as Senior Vice President of Operational Finance and Corporate Development at Granite Broadcasting. Ms. Beemish began her career as an investment banker at Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette and Merrill Lynch. She holds an MBA from New York University's Leonard N. Stern School of Business and a bachelor's degree from Saint John's University. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our website address is mediacoholding.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 FEDERAL REGULATION OF BROADCASTING 
 Radio broadcasting in the United States is subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ), including as amended in part by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the 1996 Act ). Radio broadcasting is prohibited except in accordance with a license issued by the FCC upon a finding that the public interest, convenience and necessity would be served by the grant of such license. The FCC has the power to revoke licenses for, among other things, false statements made in FCC filings or willful or repeated violations of the Communications Act or of FCC rules. In general, the Communications Act provides that the FCC shall allocate broadcast licenses for radio stations so as to provide a fair, efficient and equitable distribution of service throughout the United States. The FCC determines the operating frequency, location and power of stations; regulates the equipment used by stations; and regulates numerous other areas of radio broadcasting pursuant to rules, regulations and policies adopted under authority of the Communications Act. The Communications Act, among other things, prohibits the assignment of a broadcast license or the transfer of control of an entity holding such a license without the prior approval of the FCC. Under the Communications Act, the FCC also regulates certain aspects of media that compete with broadcast stations. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act and of specific FCC regulations and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act as well as FCC rules, public notices and rulings for further information concerning the nature and extent of federal regulation of radio stations. Legislation has been introduced from time to time which would amend the Communications Act in various respects or otherwise affect the Company, and the FCC from time to time considers new regulations or amendments to its existing regulations. We cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted or whether new or amended FCC regulations will be adopted or what their effect would be on the Company. 
 License Renewal 
 Radio stations operate pursuant to broadcast licenses that are ordinarily granted by the FCC for maximum terms of eight years and are subject to renewal upon application and approval by the FCC. License renewal applications for both WQHT(FM) and WBLS(FM) were granted in July 2022. The following table sets forth our current FCC license expiration dates in addition to the call letters, license classification, antenna elevation above average terrain, power and frequency of all owned stations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Radio Market Stations City of License Frequency Expiration 
 Date 
 of License 
 FCC Class Height Above 
 Average 
 Terrain (in feet) 
 Power 
 (in Kilowatts) 
 New York, NY WQHT(FM) New York, NY 97.1 June 2030 B 1,339 6.7 WBLS(FM) New York, NY 107.5 June 2030 B 1,362 4.2 
 Review of Ownership Restrictions 
 The FCC is required by statute to review its broadcast ownership rules on a quadrennial basis i.e. , every four years) and to repeal or modify rules that are no longer necessary in the public interest. 
 Despite several such reviews and appellate remands, the FCC s rules limiting the number of radio stations that may be commonly owned in a local market have remained largely unchanged since their initial adoption following the 1996 Act. The FCC s previous ownership reviews have been subject to litigation. In April 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed a lower court decision blocking a number of FCC rule changes designed to update the FCC s media ownership regulations. As a result, the FCC s Radio/Television Cross-Ownership Rule, which limited the number of radio and television and stations that could be commonly owned in a single market, was eliminated. 
 The FCC initiated its 2018 quadrennial review in December 2018 and that proceeding remains pending. The 2022 quadrennial review was launched in December 2022 and that proceeding also remains pending. We cannot predict whether either of the quadrennial review proceedings will result in modifications of the ownership rules or the impact (if any) that such modifications would have on our business. 
 Attribution of Ownership Interests: 
 In applying its ownership rules, the FCC has developed specific criteria that it uses to determine whether a certain ownership interest or other relationship with an FCC licensee is significant enough to be attributable or cognizable under its rules, such that there would be a violation of the FCC s rules where such person or entity holds attributable interests in more than the permitted number of stations or a prohibited combination of outlets in the same market. The FCC s regulations generally deem the following relationships and interests to be attributable for purposes of its ownership restrictions: 
 all officer and director positions in a licensee or its direct/indirect parent(s); 
 voting stock interests of at least 5 (or 20 , if the holder is a passive institutional investor, i.e. , a mutual fund, insurance company or bank); 
 any equity interest in a limited partnership or limited liability company where the limited partner or member has not been insulated from the media-related activities of the LP or LLC pursuant to specific FCC criteria; 
 equity and/or debt interests which, in the aggregate, exceed 33 of the total asset value of a station or other media entity (the equity/debt plus policy ), if the interest holder supplies more than 15 of the station s total weekly programming (usually pursuant to a time brokerage, local marketing or network affiliation agreement) or is a same-market media entity i.e. , a broadcast station). 
 To assess whether a voting stock interest in a direct or indirect parent corporation of a broadcast licensee is attributable, the FCC uses a multiplier analysis in which non-controlling voting stock interests are deemed proportionally reduced at each non-controlling link in a multi-corporation ownership chain. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Ownership-rule conflicts could require divestitures by either the Company or the affected shareholders, officers or directors. Such conflicts could also result in the Company being unable to obtain FCC consents necessary for future acquisitions. Conversely, the Company s media interests could operate to restrict other media investments by shareholders having or acquiring an interest in the Company. 
 Local Radio Ownership : 
 The local radio ownership rule limits the number of commercial radio stations in a radio market in which a person or entity may hold an attributable interest based on the number of radio stations in that market: 
 if the market has 45 or more radio stations, one entity may own up to eight stations, not more than five of which may be in the same service (AM or FM); 
 if the market has between 30 and 44 radio stations, one entity may own up to seven stations, not more than four of which may be in the same service; 
 if the market has between 15 and 29 radio stations, one entity may own up to six stations, not more than four of which may be in the same service; and 
 if the market has 14 or fewer radio stations, one entity may own up to five stations, not more than three of which may be in the same service, however one entity may not own more than 50 of the stations in the market. 
 The New York radio market has more than 45 radio stations. 
 For purposes of applying these numerical limits, the FCC has adopted rules with respect to (i) so-called local marketing agreements, or LMAs, by which the licensee of one radio station provides programming for another licensee s radio station in the same market and sells all of the advertising within that programming and (ii) so-called joint sale agreements, or JSAs, by which the licensee of one station sells the advertising time on another station in the market. Under these rules, an entity that owns one or more radio stations in a market and programs more than 15 of the broadcast time, or sells more than 15 of the advertising time, on another radio station in the same market pursuant to an LMA or JSA is generally required to count the station toward its media ownership limits even though it does not own the station. As a result, in a market where we own one or more radio stations, we generally cannot provide programming to another station under an LMA, or sell advertising on another station pursuant to a JSA, if we could not acquire that station under the local radio ownership rule. 
 In the 2018 and 2022 quadrennial review proceedings, the FCC is considering all aspects of the local radio ownership rule, including whether the rule in its current form remains necessary in the public interest. 
 Alien Ownership : 
 Alien Ownership: Under the Communications Act, no FCC license may be held by a corporation if more than one-fifth of its capital stock is owned or voted by aliens or their representatives, a foreign government or representative thereof, or an entity organized under the laws of a foreign country (collectively, Non-U.S. Persons ). Furthermore, the Communications Act provides that no FCC license may be granted to an entity directly or indirectly controlled by another entity of which more than one-fourth of its capital stock is owned or voted by Non-U.S. Persons if the FCC finds that the public interest will be served by the denial of such license. The FCC has adopted rules to simplify and streamline the process for requesting authority to exceed the 25 indirect foreign ownership limit in broadcast licensees and has revised the methodology that publicly traded broadcasters must use to assess their compliance with the foreign ownership restrictions. The foregoing restrictions on alien ownership apply in modified form to other types of business organizations, including partnerships and limited liability companies. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Code of By-Laws authorize the Board of Directors to prohibit such restricted alien ownership, voting or transfer of capital stock as would cause the Company to violate the Communications Act or FCC regulations. 
 Assignments and Transfers of Control 
 The Communications Act prohibits the assignment of a broadcast license or the transfer of control of a broadcast licensee without the prior approval of the FCC. In determining whether to grant such approval, the FCC considers a number of factors, including compliance with the various rules limiting common ownership of media properties, the character of the assignee or transferee and those persons holding attributable interests therein and compliance with the Communications Act s limitations on alien ownership as well as other statutory and regulatory requirements. When evaluating an assignment or transfer of control application, the FCC is prohibited from considering whether the public interest might be served by an assignment of the broadcast license or transfer of control of the licensee to a party other than the assignee or transferee specified in the application. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Programming and Operations 
 The Communications Act requires broadcasters to serve the public interest. Beginning in the late 1970s, the FCC gradually relaxed or eliminated many of the more formalized procedures it had developed to promote the broadcast of certain types of programming responsive to the needs of a station s community of license. However, licensees are still required to present programming that is responsive to community problems, needs and interests and to maintain certain records demonstrating such responsiveness. 
 Federal law prohibits the broadcast of obscene material at any time and the broadcast of indecent material during specified time periods. Federal law also imposes sponsorship identification (or payola requirements, which mandate the disclosure of information concerning programming the airing of which is paid for by third parties. The company may receive letters of inquiry or other notifications concerning alleged violations of the FCC s rules at its stations. We cannot predict the outcome of any complaint proceeding or investigation or the extent or nature of any future FCC enforcement action. 
 Stations also must pay regulatory and application fees and follow various rules promulgated under the Communications Act that regulate, among other things, political advertising, sponsorship identification, equal employment opportunities, contest promotions, and technical operations, including limits on radio frequency radiation. 
 Failure to observe FCC rules and policies can result in the imposition of various sanctions, including monetary fines, the grant of short-term (less than the maximum term) license renewals or, for particularly egregious violations, the denial of a license renewal application or the revocation of a license. 
 Additional Developments and Proposed Changes 
 The FCC has adopted rules implementing a low power FM LPFM service, and over 2000 such stations have been licensed. In November 2007, the FCC adopted rules that, among other things, enhance LPFM s interference protection from subsequently-authorized full-service stations. Congress then passed legislation eliminating certain minimum distance separation requirements between full-power and LPFM stations, thereby reducing the interference protection afforded to full-power FM stations. As required by the legislation, the FCC in January 2012 submitted a report to Congress indicating that the results of a statutorily mandated economic study indicated that, on the whole, LPFM stations do not currently have, and in the future are unlikely to have, a demonstrable economic impact on full-service commercial FM radio stations. The FCC has since modified its rules to permit the processing of additional LPFM applications and to implement the legislative requirements regarding interference protection, and has accepted applications seeking authority to construct or make major changes to LPFM facilities. Although to date there have been very few, if any, instances of LPFM stations interfering with full-power radio stations, we cannot predict whether any LPFM stations will actually interfere with the coverage of our radio stations in the future. 
 The FCC also previously authorized the launch and operation of a satellite digital audio radio service SDARS system. The country s single SDARS operator, Sirius XM, provides nationwide programming service as well as channels that provide local traffic and weather information for major cities. 
 In addition, the FCC permits terrestrial digital audio broadcasting DAB, also known as high definition radio or HD Radio by FM stations, and in October 2020, adopted rules permitting all-digital operations by AM stations. 
 In order to broadcast musical compositions or to stream them over the Internet, we must pay royalties to copyright owners of musical compositions (typically, songwriters and publishers). These copyright owners often rely on organizations known as performing rights organizations, which negotiate licenses with copyright users for the public performance of their compositions, collect royalties, and distribute them to copyright owners. The three major performing rights organizations, from which the Company has licenses and to which we pay royalties, are the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers ASCAP ), Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI ), and SESAC, Inc. These rates are set periodically, are often negotiated by organizations acting on behalf of broadcasters, and may increase in the future. It also is possible that songwriters or publishers may disassociate with these performing rights organizations, or that additional such organizations could emerge in the future. In 2013 a new performing rights organization named Global Music Rights GMR was formed. GMR has obtained the rights to certain high-value copyrights and has negotiated individual licensing agreements with radio stations for songs within its repertoire. If a significant number of musical composition copyright owners withdraw from the established performing rights organizations, if new performing rights organizations form to license compositions that are not already licensed, or if the consent decrees between the DOJ and ASCAP/BMI are materially modified or eliminated, our royalty rates or negotiation costs could increase. 
 In order to stream music over the Internet, MediaCo must also obtain licenses and pay royalties to the owners of copyrights in sound recordings (typically, artists and record companies). These royalties are in addition to royalties for Internet streaming that must be paid to performance rights organizations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Legislation also has regularly been introduced in Congress that would require the payment of performance royalties to artists, musicians, or record companies whose music is played on terrestrial radio stations, ending a long-standing copyright law exception. If enacted, such legislation could have an adverse impact on the cost of music programming. 
 Congress and the FCC also have under consideration, and may in the future consider and adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of additional matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operation, ownership and profitability of our broadcast stations, result in the loss of audience share and advertising revenues for our broadcast stations and/or affect our ability to acquire additional broadcast stations or finance such acquisitions. Such matters include, but are not limited to: 
 proposals to impose spectrum use or other fees on FCC licensees; 
 proposals to repeal or modify some or all of the FCC s multiple ownership rules and/or policies; 
 proposals to impose requirements intended to promote broadcasters service to their local communities; 
 proposals to change rules relating to political broadcasting; 
 technical and frequency allocation matters; 
 proposals to restrict or prohibit the advertising of beer, wine and other alcoholic beverages; 
 proposals to tighten safety guidelines relating to radio frequency radiation exposure; 
 proposals to modify broadcasters public interest obligations; and 
 proposals, including by states, to limit the tax deductibility of advertising expenses by advertisers. 
 We cannot predict whether any proposed changes will be adopted, what other matters might be considered in the future, or what impact, if any, the implementation of any of these proposals or changes might have on our business. 
 The foregoing is only a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act and of specific FCC regulations. Reference should be made to the Communications Act as well as FCC regulations, public notices and rulings for further information concerning the nature and extent of federal regulation of broadcast stations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 The risk factors listed below, in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this report, could affect the business, financial condition and future results of the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by weak economic conditions and instability in financial markets. 
 We believe that advertising is a discretionary business expense. Spending on advertising tends to decline disproportionately during an economic recession or downturn as compared to other types of business spending. Consequently, weakness in the United States economy generally has an adverse effect on our advertising revenue and, therefore, our results of operations. For example, the economic tumult caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has had a material adverse effect on our advertising revenues at our New York radio stations. 
 Even in the absence of a general recession or downturn in the economy, an individual business sector (such as the automotive industry) that tends to spend more on advertising than other sectors might be forced to reduce its advertising expenditures if that sector experiences a downturn. If that sector s spending represents a significant portion of our advertising revenues, any reduction in its advertising expenditures may affect our revenue. 
 Radio revenues in the market in which we operate have been challenged and may remain so. 
 Radio revenues in the New York market in which we operate are highly correlated to the performance of the economy of United States. New York market revenues, as measured by the accounting firm Miller Kaplan Arase LLP Miller Kaplan ), during the year ended December 31, 2022, and the year ended December 31, 2021, w ere up 1.6 and up 41.2 , respectively. During these s ame periods, the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis reports that U.S. real gross domestic product grew 2.1 and 5.9 , respectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We may lose audience share and advertising revenue to competing radio stations or other types of media. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is highly competitive. Our radio stations compete for audiences and advertising revenue with other radio stations and station groups, as well as with other media. Shifts in population, demographics, audience tastes, consumer use of technology and forms of media and other factors beyond our control could cause us to lose market share. Any adverse change in our radio stations market, or adverse change in the relative market positions of our stations, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue or ratings, could require increased promotion or other expenses in that market, and could adversely affect our revenue. Other radio broadcasting companies may enter the market in which we operate or markets in which we may operate in the future. These companies may be larger and have more financial resources than we have. Our radio stations may not be able to maintain or increase their current audience ratings and advertising revenue in the face of such competition. 
 MediaCo expects to continue to routinely conduct market research to review the competitive position of our stations in the market. If we determine that a station could improve its operating performance by serving a different demographic, we may change the format of that station. Our competitors may respond to our actions by more aggressive promotions of their stations or by replacing the format we vacate, limiting our options if we do not achieve expected results with our new format. 
 From time to time, other stations may change their format or programming, a new station may adopt a format to compete directly with our stations for audiences and advertisers, or stations might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. These tactics could result in lower ratings and advertising revenue or increased promotion and other expenses and, consequently, lower earnings and cash flow for us. Any failure by us to respond, or to respond as quickly as our competitors, could also have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 Because of the competitive factors we face, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain or increase our current audience ratings and advertising revenue. 
 Our radio operations are entirely concentrated in the New York market. 
 Our radio operations are located exclusively in the New York City Metro area. Since our radio stations revenues are concentrated in this market, an economic downturn, increased competition or another significant negative event in the New York City market could reduce our revenues more dramatically than other companies that do not depend as much on this market, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our radio operations lack the scale of some of our competitors. 
 MediaCo's only radio stations are two stations in New York. Some of our competitors in this market have larger clusters of radio stations. Our competitors may be able to leverage their market share to extract a greater percentage of available advertising revenues in this market and may be able to realize operating efficiencies by programming multiple stations in the market. Also, given our reliance on urban formats in New York, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by additional urban format competition by our competitors. 
 Our operations have been, and continue to be, adversely affected by the pandemic. 
 We hold a number of events, most notably Summer Jam in June of each year, in which large numbers of people are in close proximity. We were required to cancel Summer Jam in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which adversely impacted our financial results in 2020. We delayed Summer Jam in 2021 until late August due to slower than expected reopening of the New York/New Jersey market. In 2022, Summer Jam was moved back to June, however the ticket sales and advertising were negatively impacted by a combination of the pandemic, weather forecast and the suppressed market conditions, resulting in a loss in revenue. Our ability to successfully hold future Summer Jams is dependent on, among other things, state and local restrictions on crowd sizes and people s willingness to attend large gatherings. We cannot predict when, if ever, advertising levels will return to pre-pandemic levels. 
 Summer Jam is highly sensitive to public tastes and is dependent on our ability to secure popular artists, and our ticketing revenue can be impacted by changes in consumer preferences. 
 Our business is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes and is dependent on the availability of popular artists and events. Summer Jam depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes of consumers and to offer events that appeal to them. Since we rely on unrelated parties to create and perform at live music events, any unwillingness or lack of availability of popular artists could limit our ability to generate revenue. In particular, there are a limited number of artists that can headline or who can sell out larger venues, which we rent. Accordingly, our ticket sales success depends, in part, upon the ability of these third parties to correctly anticipate public demand for particular events, as well as the availability of popular artists, entertainers and teams. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, artists are booked four to eight months in advance of the beginning of the tour and we often agree to pay an artist a fixed guaranteed amount prior to our receiving any revenue. Therefore, if the public is not receptive, or an artist cancels, we may incur a loss depending on the amount of the fixed guarantee or incurred costs relative to any revenue earned, as well as revenue we could have earned at booked venues. Furthermore, consumer preferences change from time to time, and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Investors in our Class A common stock will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, SG Broadcasting controlled approximat ely 72.4 of the outstanding voting interests of MediaCo through its ownership of MediaCo Class B common stock. Because of the voting power of SG Broadcasting, we are considered a controlled company for purposes of Nasdaq requirements. As such, we are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, including the requirements that: 
 a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors, 
 we have a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and 
 we have a Compensation Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 Currently, MediaCo does have a majority of independent directors and the Compensation Committee does consist entirely of independent directors; however, we do not have a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. MediaCo could choose to take advantage of the exemptions relating to the board and the Compensation Committee. Accordingly, investors in our Class A common stock would not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq's corporate governance requirements. 
 We must respond to the rapid changes in technology, services and standards that characterize the radio broadcasting industry in order to remain competitive, and changes in technology may increase the risk of material intellectual property infringement claims. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards and the emergence of competition from new technologies and services. We cannot assure that we will have the resources to acquire new technologies or to introduce new services that could compete with these new technologies. Various media technologies and services that have been developed or introduced include: 
 satellite-delivered digital audio radio service, which has resulted in subscriber-based satellite radio services with numerous niche formats; 
 audio programming by cable systems, direct-broadcast satellite systems, Internet content providers and other digital audio broadcast formats, including podcasts; 
 personal digital audio devices; 
 HD Radio , which provides multi-channel, multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio services; and 
 low-power FM radio, which could result in additional FM radio broadcast outlets. 
 New media has resulted in fragmentation in the radio broadcasting advertising market, but we cannot predict the impact that additional competition arising from new technologies may have on the radio broadcasting industry or on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A number of automakers are introducing more advanced, interactive dashboard technology including the introduction of technologies like Apple CarPlay and Google Android Auto that enable vehicle entertainment systems to more easily interface with a consumer s smartphone and include alternative audio entertainment options. 
 Programmatic buying, which enables an advertiser to purchase advertising inventory through an exchange or other service and bypass the traditional personal sales relationship, has become widely adopted in the purchase of digital advertising and is an emerging trend in the radio industry. We cannot predict the impact programmatic buying may have on the radio industry or our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, technological advancements in the operation of radio stations and related businesses have increased the number of patent and other intellectual property infringement claims brought against broadcasters, including MediaCo. While MediaCo has not historically been subject to material patent and other intellectual property claims and takes certain steps to limit the likelihood of, and exposure to, such claims, no assurance can be given that material claims will not be asserted in the future. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our business depends heavily on maintaining our licenses with the FCC. We could be prevented from operating a radio station if we fail to maintain its license. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive and changing regulation. The Communications Act and FCC rules and policies require FCC approval for transfers of control and assignments of FCC licenses. The filing of petitions or complaints against FCC licensees could result in the FCC delaying the grant of, or refusing to grant, its consent to the assignment of licenses to or from an FCC licensee or the transfer of control of an FCC licensee. In certain circumstances, the Communications Act and FCC rules and policies will operate to impose limitations on alien ownership and voting of our common stock. There can be no assurance that there will not be changes in the current regulatory scheme, imposition of additional regulations, or the creation of new regulatory agencies, which changes could restrict or curtail our ability to acquire, operate and dispose of stations or, in general, to compete profitably with other operators of radio and other media properties. 
 Each of our radio stations operates pursuant to one or more licenses issued by the FCC. Under FCC rules, radio licenses are granted for a term of eight years. Our licenses were successfully renewed in 2022 through June 2030. While we are not aware of facts or circumstances that would prevent us from having our current licenses renewed in the future, third parties could challenge our renewal applications and there can be no assurance that the licenses will be renewed or that renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our business and operations. Failure to obtain the renewal of any of our broadcast licenses would likely have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. In addition, if we or any of our officers, directors or significant stockholders materially violates the FCC s rules and regulations or the Communications Act, is convicted of a felony or is found to have engaged in unlawful anticompetitive conduct or fraud upon a government agency, the FCC may, in response to a petition from a third party or on its own initiative, commence a proceeding to impose sanctions upon us which could involve the imposition of monetary fines, the revocation of our broadcast licenses or other sanctions. 
 We disseminate large amounts of content to the public. An ill-conceived or mistimed on-air statement or social media post could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The FCC s rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and prohibit indecent material between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. Broadcasters risk violating the prohibition on the broadcast of indecent material because of the FCC s broad definition of such material, coupled with the spontaneity of live programming. 
 Congress has dramatically increased the penalties for broadcasting obscene, indecent or profane programming and broadcasters can potentially face license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings in the event that they broadcast such material. In addition, the FCC s heightened focus on indecency, against the broadcast industry generally, may encourage third parties to oppose our license renewal applications or applications for consent to acquire broadcast stations. As a result of these developments, we have implemented certain measures that are designed to reduce the risk of broadcasting indecent material in violation of the FCC s rules. These and other future modifications to our programming in an effort to reduce the risk of indecency violations could have an adverse effect on our competitive position. 
 Even statements or social media posts that do not violate the FCC s indecency rules could offend our audiences and advertisers or infringe the rights of third parties, resulting in a decline in ratings, a loss in revenues, a challenge to our broadcast licenses, or extended litigation. While we maintain insurance covering some of these risks, others are effectively uninsurable and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Misalignment with public and consumer taste and preferences could negatively impact advertising demand and profitability of our business. 
 Our business creates content for our target audiences. Our business relies on an alignment between our brands and our audience taste and preferences through the distribution of content over-the-air, digitally and visually. If the alignment between our brands and our audience shifts, then we might experience a shift in advertising revenue and categories. 
 Changes in current Federal regulations could adversely affect our business operations 
 Congress and the FCC have under consideration, and may in the future consider and adopt, new laws, regulations and policies that could, directly or indirectly, af fect the profitability of our broadcast stations. In particular, Congress is considering a revocation of radio's exemption from paying royalties to performing artists for use of their recordings (radio already pays a royalty to songwriters). A requirement to pay additional royalties could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our business strategy and our ability to operate profitably depend on the continued services of our key employees, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our radio management teams and other key personnel. Operating as an independent public company demands a significant amount of time and effort from our management and other personnel and may give rise to increased turnover. If we lose the services of members of our management team or other key personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. 
 We need to continue to attract and retain qualified key personnel in a highly competitive environment. Our ability to attract, recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including the hiring practices of our competitors, the performance of our developing business programs, our compensation and benefits, and economic conditions affecting our industry generally. Our radio stations' personnel includes several on-air personalities and hosts of syndicated radio programs with large and loyal audiences in their respective broadcast areas. These on-air personalities are sometimes significantly responsible for the ranking of a station and, thus, the ability of the station to sell advertising. Such on-air personalities or other key individuals may not remain with our radio stations and we may not retain their audiences, which could affect our competitive position. If we cannot effectively hire and retain qualified employees, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 Impairment losses related to our intangible assets could reduce our earnings in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our intangible assets comprised 67 of our total assets. We did not record any impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. However, if events occur or circumstances change, the fair value of our intangible assets might fall below the amount reflected on our balance sheet, and we may be required to recognize impairment charges in our statement of operations, which may be material, in future periods. 
 Our operating results have been and may again be adversely affected by acts of war, a global health crisis, terrorism and natural catastrophes. 
 Acts of war and terrorism against the United States, and the country s response to such acts, may negatively affect the U.S. advertising market, which could cause our advertising revenues to decline due to advertising cancellations, delays or defaults in payment for advertising time, and other factors. In addition, these events may have other negative effects on our business, the nature and duration of which we cannot predict. 
 For example, after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, we decided that the public interest would be best served by the presentation of continuous commercial-free coverage of the unfolding events on our stations. This temporary policy had a material adverse effect on our advertising revenues and operating results for the month of September 2001. Similarly, the COVID-19 pandemic caused severe trauma to our business during 2020, with advertisers pulling advertisements and events like Summer Jam being canceled. Future events like those of September 11, 2001, or the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, may have a material adverse effect on our advertising revenues and operating results. 
 Additionally, the attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 resulted in the destruction of the transmitter facilities that were located there. Although we had no transmitter facilities located at the World Trade Center, broadcasters that had facilities located in the destroyed buildings experienced temporary disruptions in their ability to broadcast. Since we tend to locate transmission facilities for stations serving urban areas on tall buildings or other significant structures, such as the Empire State Building in New York, further terrorist attacks or other disasters could cause similar disruptions in our broadcasts in the areas affected. If these disruptions occur, we may not be able to locate adequate replacement facilities in a cost-effective or timely manner or at all. Failure to remedy disruptions caused by terrorist attacks or other disasters and any resulting degradation in signal coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Similarly, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, wild fires and other natural disasters can have a material adverse effect on our operations in any given market. While we generally carry insurance covering such catastrophes, we cannot be sure that the proceeds from such insurance will be sufficient to offset the costs of rebuilding or repairing our property or the lost income. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. The modification, change of, or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. 
 The proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems is critical to the efficient operation and management of our business. If these information technology systems fail or are interrupted, our operations may be adversely affected and operating results could be harmed. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to adapt to the size of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. Our information technology systems, and those of third party providers, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control. These include catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, computer system or network failures, viruses or malware, physical or electronic intrusions, unauthorized access and cyber-attacks. Any material disruption, malfunction or similar challenges with our business processes or information systems, or disruptions or challenges relating to the transition to new processes, systems or providers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be successful in identifying any additional suitable acquisition or investment opportunities. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may pursue acquisitions or other investment opportunities. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or consummating any suitable acquisitions and certain acquisition opportunities may be limited or prohibited by applicable regulatory regimes. Even if we do complete acquisitions or business combinations, there is no assurance that any of them will be of value in enhancing our business or our financial condition. In addition, our ongoing activities could divert a substantial amount of our management time and may be difficult for us to integrate, which could adversely affect management's ability to identify and consummate other investment opportunities. The failure to identify or successfully integrate future acquisitions and investment opportunities could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Because we face significant competition for acquisition and investment opportunities, it may be difficult for us to fully execute our business strategy. We expect to encounter intense competition for acquisition and investment opportunities from both strategic investors and other potential competitors, such as private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), blank check companies, and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the type of businesses that we may intend to acquire. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources, or more local industry knowledge, or greater access to capital, than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. These factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully completing future acquisitions and investments. 
 In addition, while we believe that there are numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire or invest in, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing acquisition and investment opportunities. 
 Future acquisitions or investments could involve unknown risks that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We may make acquisitions in a variety of industries and market sectors. Future acquisitions that we consummate will involve unknown risks, some of which will be particular to the industry in which the acquisition target operates. We may be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational risks raised by such acquisitions, especially if we are unfamiliar with the industry in which we invest. The realization of any unknown risks could prevent or limit us from realizing the projected benefits of the acquisitions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In addition, our financial condition and results of operations will be subject to the specific risks applicable to any company in which we invest. 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness: 
 The terms of any future indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or to take some actions. 
 Any future long-term debt instruments may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions will likely significantly limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends on securities, incur liens, enter into asset purchase or sale transactions, merge or consolidate with another company, dispose of our assets or make certain other payments or investments. 
 These restrictions may limit our ability to grow our business through acquisitions and could limit our ability to respond to market conditions or meet extraordinary capital needs. They also could restrict our corporate activities in other ways and could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 To service our indebtedness and other obligations, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our November 25, 2019 convertible promissory note payable to Emmis Communications Corporation (the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note is paid in-kind PIK ), but any future long-term debt agreements will likely require us to pay periodic interest and principal payments during the term of such indebtedness. Our ability to make payments on indebtedness and to fund capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, will be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our businesses might not generate sufficient cash flow from operations. We might not be able to complete future offerings, and future borrowings might not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock: 
 SG Broadcasting possesses significant voting interest with respect to our outstanding common stock, which limits the influence on corporate matters by a holder of MediaCo Class A common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, SG Broadcasting held approximately 82.1 of the voting interests of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis. Accordingly, SG Broadcasting has the ability to significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of our board of directors and all other matters requiring shareholder approval unless a separate vote of the MediaCo Class A common stock is required by our articles of incorporation or Indiana law, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated voting interest could also discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control limits the practical effect of the influence by holders of MediaCo Class A common stock over our business and affairs, through any shareholder vote or otherwise. Accordingly, the effects of any of the above could depress the price of MediaCo Class A common stock. 
 Standard General s and Emmis interests may conflict with those of other shareholders. 
 SG Broadcasting, a company wholly owned by funds managed by Standard General, beneficially owns shares representing approximately 76.8 of the outstanding combined voting power of all classes of our common stock. Therefore, SG Broadcasting is in a position to exercise substantial influence over the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including the election of a majority of our directors, the determination to engage in a merger, acquisition or disposition of a material amount of assets, or otherwise. 
 Additionally, other than with respect to the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note, which is convertible into MediaCo Class A common stock, Emmis no longer holds any common stock of MediaCo, though its officers serve as the MediaCo Class A Directors. These officers were initially shareholders of MediaCo, but no assurance can be given that they have or will retain their ownership of MediaCo shares. Further, so long as amounts remain outstanding under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note, MediaCo's board of directors is obligated to nominate as MediaCo Class A Directors only persons specified by Emmis. Under Indiana law, directors of MediaCo may, in considering the best interests of the Company, consider the effects of any action on shareholders, employees, suppliers, and customers of the Company, and communities in which offices or other facilities of the Company are located, and any other factors the directors consider pertinent. 
 MediaCo Class A common stock may cease to be listed on Nasdaq. 
 MediaCo s Class A common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol MDIA . We may not be able to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, which require, among other things, a minimum closing price of MediaCo Class A common stock, a minimum market capitalization and minimum shareholders' equity. If we are unable to satisfy the requirements of Nasdaq for continued listing, MediaCo Class A common stock would be subject to delisting from that market, and we might or might not be eligible to list our shares on another market. 
 A delisting of MediaCo Class A common stock from Nasdaq could negatively impact us by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of MediaCo Class A common stock. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq's continued listing requirements. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our By-Laws designate the Circuit or Superior Courts of Marion County, Indiana, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana in a case of pendant jurisdiction, as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by holders of shares of MediaCo, which would discourage lawsuits against us and our director and officers. 
 Pursuant to our By-laws, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit or any Superior Court of Marion County Indiana, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana in a case of pendent jurisdiction, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, 
 any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of MediaCo to the Company or the holders of shares of MediaCo, 
 any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the IBCL ), the Articles of Incorporation or the By-laws, or 
 any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 Though Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations under it, the Company intends for this forum selection provision to apply to the fullest extent permitted by law, including to actions or claims arising under the Securities Act. While holders of shares of MediaCo cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations under it, and therefore the forum selection provision does not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations under it, this forum selection provision may limit the ability of holders of shares of MediaCo to bring a claim arising in other instances in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and/or our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court outside of the State of Indiana were to find this forum selection provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the types of actions or claims described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are an emerging growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, MediaCo Class A common stock may be less attractive to investors for so long as we remain an emerging growth company. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are afforded to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, exemption from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find MediaCo Class A common stock less attractive because we intend to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find MediaCo Class A common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for MediaCo Class A common stock and its stock price may be lower or more volatile as a result. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company . 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 The types of properties required to support our radio stations include offices, studios and transmitter/antenna sites. We lease our studio and office spaces. Our stations' studios and principal executive offices are housed within its offices in Manhattan. We generally consider our facilities to be suitable and of adequate size for our current and intended purposes. We lease primary and backup transmitter/antenna sites for WQHT and WBLS in Manhattan. With regard to WBLS, we lease an additional backup transmitter/antenna site in Lyndhurst, New Jersey from WLIB Tower LLC, an Indiana corporation and subsidiary of Emmis WLIB pursuant to a transmitter/antenna site lease. The transmitter/antenna site lease is for an initial term of 20 years, with two automatic renewal periods of 10 years each, unless MediaCo provides notice to WLIB of its intention to not renew the lease for an additional term. The transmitter/antenna site for each station is generally located so as to provide maximum market coverage, consistent with the station's FCC license. In general, we do not anticipate difficulties in renewing the transmitter/antenna site leases or in leasing additional space or sites if required. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are not a party to any material legal proceedings at this time. From time to time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information for our Common Stock 
 MediaCo s Class A common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MDIA. There is no established public trading market for MediaCo Class B common stock or Series A convertible preferred stock. 
 Holders 
 At March 24, 2023, there were 243 stockholders of record of the Class A common stock, and there was one stockholder of record of the Class B common stock. These figures do not include an estimate of the indeterminate number of beneficial holders whose shares may be held of record by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 MediaCo currently intends to retain future earnings for use in its business and has no plans to pay any dividends on shares of its common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The following table provides information relating to the shares we purchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 187,078 1.17 187,078 1,777,705 Total 187,078 1.17 187,078 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 GENERAL 
 The following discussion pertains to MediaCo Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, MediaCo or the Company ). 
 On December 9, 2022, Fairway Outdoor LLC, FMG Kentucky, LLC and FMG Valdosta, LLC (collectively, "Fairway ), all of which are wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries of MediaCo, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with The Lamar Company, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed as of the date of the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price was 78.6 million, subject to certain customary adjustments, paid at closing in cash. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of 46.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 We have classified the related assets and liabilities associated with our Fairway business as discontinued operations in our consolidated balance sheets and the results of our Fairway business have been presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income for all periods presented through December 9, 2022 as the sale represented a strategic shift in our business that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. Unless otherwise noted, discussion in management's discussion and analysis refers to the Company's continuing operations. See Note 2 Discontinued Operations in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We own and operate two radio stations located in New York City. Our revenues are mostly affected by the advertising rates our entities charge, as advertising sales are the primary component of our consolidated revenues. These rates are in large part based on our radio stations ability to attract audiences in demographic groups targeted by their advertisers. The Nielsen Company generally measures radio station ratings weekly for markets measured by the Portable People Meter , which includes both of our radio stations. Because audience ratings in a radio station s local market are critical to the station s financial success, our strategy is to use market research, advertising and promotion to attract and retain audiences in each station s chosen demographic target group. 
 Our revenues vary throughout the year. Revenue and operating income are usually lowest in the first calendar quarter, partly because retailers cut back their advertising spending immediately following the holiday shopping season. 
 In addition to the sale of advertising time for cash, stations typically exchange advertising time for goods or services, which can be used by the station in its business operations. These barter transactions are recorded at the estimated fair value of the product or service received. We generally confine the use of such trade transactions to promotional items or services for which we would otherwise have paid cash. In addition, it is our general policy not to preempt advertising spots paid for in cash with advertising spots paid for in trade. 
 The following table summarizes the sources of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The category Nontraditional principally consists of ticket sales and sponsorships of events our stations conduct in their local markets. The category Other includes, among other items, revenues related to network revenues and barter. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenues: Radio Advertising 25,790 66.8 30,012 71.9 Nontraditional 3,973 10.3 4,864 11.7 Digital 4,713 12.2 2,864 6.9 Other 4,119 10.7 3,987 9.5 Total net revenues 38,595 41,727 
 Roughly 20 of our expenses varies in connection with changes in revenue. These variable expenses primarily relate to costs in our sales department, such as salaries, commissions and bad debt. Our costs that do not vary as much in relation to revenue are mostly in our programming and general and administrative departments, such as talent costs, rating fees, rents, utilities and salaries. Lastly, our costs that are highly discretionary are costs in our marketing and promotions department, which we primarily incur to maintain and/or increase our audience and market share. 
 
 KNOWN TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 The U.S. radio industry is a mature industry and its growth rate has stalled. Management believes this is principally the result of two factors: (i) new media, such as various media distributed via the Internet, telecommunication companies and cable interconnects, as well as social networks, have gained advertising share against radio and other traditional media and created a proliferation of advertising inventory and (ii) the fragmentation of the radio audience and time spent listening caused by satellite radio, audio streaming services and podcasts has led some investors and advertisers to conclude that the effectiveness of radio advertising has diminished. 
 Along with the rest of the radio industry, our stations have deployed HD Radio . HD Radio offers listeners advantages over standard analog broadcasts, including improved sound quality and additional digital channels. In addition to offering secondary channels, the HD Radio spectrum allows broadcasters to transmit other forms of data. We are participating in a joint venture with other broadcasters to provide the bandwidth that a third party uses to transmit location-based data to hand-held and in-car navigation devices. The number of radio receivers incorporating HD Radio has increased in the past year, particularly in new automobiles. It is unclear what impact HD Radio will have on the markets in which we operate. 
 Our stations have also aggressively worked to harness the power of broadband and mobile media distribution in the development of emerging business opportunities by developing highly interactive websites with content that engages our listeners, deploying mobile applications and streaming our content, and harnessing the power of digital video on our websites and YouTube channels. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The results of our broadcast radio operations are solely dependent on the results of our stations in the New York market. Some of our competitors that operate larger station clusters in the New York market are able to leverage their market share to extract a greater percentage of available advertising revenue through packaging a variety of advertising inventory at discounted unit rates. Market revenues in New York as measured by Miller Kaplan Arase LLP Miller Kaplan ), an independent public accounting firm used by the radio industry to compile revenue information, were up 1.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and up 41.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same periods of the prior year. During these periods, revenues for our New York cluster were down 8.5 and up 62.2 , respectively. The decreases for our New York Cluster were largely driven by lower healthcare spend, which our stations benefited from more than those serving the general population in the prior year due to the targeted nature of the awareness campaigns. 
 As part of our business strategy, we continually evaluate potential acquisitions of businesses that we believe hold promise for long-term appreciation in value and leverage our strengths. We also regularly review our portfolio of assets and may opportunistically dispose of or otherwise monetize assets when we believe it is appropriate to do so. 
 Throughout 2021 and 2022, with the increased availability of vaccines, the U.S. experienced an easing of restrictions on travel as well as social gatherings and business activities. However, the lingering pandemic impact has caused increases in inflation and general economic disruption. If apprehension persists around interest rate volatility, supply chain disruptions, and COVID-19, consumer spending may be adversely impacted, causing certain advertising categories (e.g., automotive dealers) to advertise less, we expect that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will continue to be negatively affected, the extent to which is difficult to estimate at this time. 
 MediaCo has been impacted by the rising interest rate environment in the financial markets, driving the interest paid on the Senior Credit Facility to increase as well as increasing the cost of any potential future borrowings. At this time, we do not anticipate LIBOR rates to decline. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that encompass significant judgments and uncertainties, and potentially derive materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that our critical accounting policies are those described below. 
 FCC Licenses 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 63.3 million for FCC licenses, which represents approximately 65 of our total assets. We would not be able to operate our radio stations without the related FCC license for each property. FCC broadcast licenses are renewed every eight years; consequently, we continually monitor our stations compliance with the various regulatory requirements. Historically, each of our FCC licenses has been renewed at the end of its respective period, and we expect that each FCC license will continue to be renewed in the future. We consider our FCC licenses to be indefinite-lived intangibles. 
 We do not amortize indefinite-lived intangible assets, but rather test for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. When evaluating our radio broadcasting licenses for impairment, the testing is performed at the unit of accounting level as determined by Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350-30-35. In our case, radio stations in a geographic market cluster are considered a single unit of accounting if they are not being operated under a Local Marketing Agreement by another broadcaster. Consequently, our two radio stations in New York are considered a single unit of accounting. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we completed our annual impairment tests on October 1 of each year and will continue to perform our assessments on this date in future years. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Indefinite-lived Broadcasting Licenses 
 Fair value of our FCC licenses is estimated to be the stick value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To determine the fair value of our FCC licenses, the Company considers both income and market valuation methods when it performs its impairment tests. Under the income method, the Company projects cash flows that would be generated by its unit of accounting assuming the unit of accounting was commencing operations in its respective market at the beginning of the valuation period. This cash flow stream is discounted to arrive at a value for the FCC license. The Company assumes the competitive situation that exists in the unit of accounting s market remains unchanged, with the exception that the unit of accounting commenced operations at the beginning of the valuation period. In doing so, the Company extracts the value of going concern and any other assets acquired, and strictly values the FCC license. Major assumptions involved in this analysis include market revenue, market revenue growth rates, unit of accounting audience share, unit of accounting revenue share and discount rate. Each of these assumptions may change in the future based upon changes in general economic conditions, audience behavior, consummated transactions, and numerous other variables that may be beyond our control. The projections incorporated into our license valuations take then current economic conditions into consideration. Under the market method, the Company uses recent sales of comparable radio stations for which the sales value appeared to be concentrated entirely in the value of the license, to arrive at an indication of fair value. 
 Below are some of the key assumptions used in our income method annual impairment assessments. Long-term growth rates in the New York market in which we operate are based on recent industry trends and our expectations for the market going forward. 
 October 1, 2022 October 1, 2021 Discount Rate 12.7 12.1 Long-term Revenue Growth Rate 0.6 1.3 Mature Market Share 9.8 9.2 Operating Profit Margin 23.5-29.0 24.2-29.0 
 Deferred Taxes 
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequence of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements or income tax returns. Income taxes are recognized during the year in which the underlying transactions are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred taxes are provided for temporary differences between amounts of assets and liabilities recorded for financial reporting purposes as compared to amounts recorded for income tax purposes. After determining the total amount of deferred tax assets, the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 The following discussion refers to the Company s continuing operations. See Note 2 Discontinued Operations in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 Net revenues: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Net revenues 38,595 41,727 (3,132) (7.5) 
 Net radio revenues decreased due to a substantial decline in healthcare spend as COVID-19 vaccination awareness campaigns have slowed, partially offset by stronger tourism advertising spend as restrictions on travel, social gatherings, and business activities have continued to ease. Additionally, revenues from the Summer Jam event were lower in 2022 due to depressed market conditions, in particular as they affected attendance at concerts and festivals. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We typically monitor the performance of our stations against the aggregate performance of the market in which we operate based on reports for the period prepared by Miller Kaplan. Miller Kaplan reports are generally prepared on a gross revenues basis and exclude revenues from barter and syndication arrangements. Miller Kaplan reported gross revenues for the New York radio market increased 1.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. Our gross revenues reported to Miller Kaplan were down 8.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. 
 Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense: 32,847 28,667 4,180 14.6 
 Radio operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to investment in growing our digital business as well as in our labor force with a higher focus on sales. Additionally, in the prior year, we recorded employee retention credits that reduced operating expenses, which were not available in the current year. 
 Corporate expenses: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Corporate expenses 6,463 8,434 (1,971) (23.4) 
 The decrease in corporate expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to fees from the Emmis Management Agreement that ended in November 2021 and consulting fees incurred in the prior year. These decreases were partially offset by employee retention credits recorded in the prior year that reduced operating expenses, which were not available in the current year. 
 Depreciation and amortization: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization 666 688 (22) (3.2) 
 Radio depreciation and amortization expense was flat compared to the prior year due to additions in the current year offset by certain assets becoming fully depreciated in the prior year. 
 Operating income (loss): 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Operating (loss) income (1,386) 3,938 (5,324) (135.2) 
 See Net revenues, Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization, and Corporate expenses above. 
 Interest expense: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Interest expense (6,980) (7,707) 727 (9.4) 
 Interest expense decreased slightly due to the conversion of the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes (as defined below) in July 2022, which notes were outstanding for all of the prior year, and a lower interest rate after the pay down of the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes partially offset by accrued interest on the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note being paid in kind in the fourth quarter of 2021, which increased the principal balance for the entirety of the current year. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for income taxes: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Provision for income taxes 336 348 (12) (3.4) 
 See Note 12 Income Taxes in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Consolidated net income (loss): 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Consolidated net income (loss) 30,914 (6,082) 36,996 (608.3) 
 The increase in consolidated net income (loss) was due to the gain on sale of Fairway in December 2022, partially offset by lower operating income of continuing operations. See Net revenues, Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization, , Corporate expenses, Interest expense, and Provision for income taxes above and Note 2 Discontinued Operations in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operations and our At Market Issuance Sales Agreement. Our primary uses of capital have been, and are expected to continue to be, capital expenditures, working capital, and acquisitions. 
 At December 31, 2022 we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 15.3 million and net working capital of 15.2 million. At December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 6.1 million and net working capital of 7.7 million. The increase in net working capital is due to an increase in cash and accounts receivable resulting from improved business operations and the sale of Fairway. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 6.0 million outstanding to Emmis under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note, all of which is classified as long-term and has no debt service requirements over the next twelve-month period. 
 As part of our business strategy, we continually evaluate potential acquisitions of businesses that we believe hold promise for long-term appreciation in value and leverage our strengths. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by continuing operating activities was 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in continuing operating activities of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating cash flows was mainly attributable to improved collections of accounts receivable. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by continuing investing activities was 77.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily attributable to the proceeds from the sale of Fairway, partially offset by capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities of 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to capital expenditures. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in continuing financing activities was 70.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due to the pay down of outstanding long-term debt of 68.6 million and settlement of tax withholding obligations of 1.3 million. 
 Cash provided by continuing financing activities was 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to debt proceeds of 4.0 million and proceeds from the issuance of Class A common stock of 0.3 million, partially offset by debt payments and debt related costs of 3.4 million and settlement of tax withholding obligations of 0.7 million. 
 
 SEASONALITY 
 Our results of operations are usually subject to seasonal fluctuations, which result in higher second quarter revenues and operating income. For our radio operations, this seasonality is largely due to the timing of our largest concert in June of each year. Results are typically lowest in the first calendar quarter. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 INFLATION 
 The impact of inflation on operations has not been significant to date. However, there can be no assurance that a high rate of inflation in the future would not have an adverse effect on operating results. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCINGS AND LIABILITIES 
 Other than legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of business, and contractual commitments to purchase goods and services, all of which are discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference herein, the Company does not have any material off-balance sheet financings or liabilities. The Company does not have any majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries that are not included in the consolidated financial statements, nor does the Company have any interests in or relationships with any special-purpose entities that are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements or disclosed in the Notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MediaCo Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MediaCo Holding Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in retained earnings (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 NET REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES: Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense Corporate expenses Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of assets Total operating expenses OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME ) OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest expense, net ) ) Other income Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) Total other expense ) ) LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ) ) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations Income tax expense from discontinued operations ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ) CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME (LOSS) ) PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic and diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic and diluted: Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) DECEMBER 31, 2022 DECEMBER 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses Other Current assets of discontinued operations Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Leasehold improvements Broadcasting equipment Office equipment, computer equipment, software and automobiles Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net INTANGIBLE ASSETS: Indefinite lived intangibles Other intangibles Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net OTHER ASSETS: Operating lease right of use assets Deposits and other Total other assets Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations Total assets 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) DECEMBER 31, 2022 DECEMBER 31, 2021 LIABILITIES AND RETAINED DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current maturities of long-term debt Accrued salaries and commissions Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other Income taxes payable Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, NET OF CURRENT PORTION OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES, NET OF CURRENT DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES NONCURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 11) 
 SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK, PAR VALUE, SHARES AUTHORIZED; AND SHARES ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT): Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Class C common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN RETAINED EARNINGS (DEFICIT) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount APIC Retained Earnings (Deficit) Total BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Sale of class A common shares Issuance of class A to employees, officers and directors Preferred stock dividends ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Issuance of class A to employees, officers and directors Conversion of convertible promissory notes Conversion of preferred shares Repurchase of class A common shares ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Consolidated net income (loss) ) Less: (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations: Noncash loss on debt extinguishment Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs, including original issue discount Noncash interest expense Noncash lease expense Provision for deferred income taxes Noncash compensation Other noncash items Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operating activities ) Net cash provided by discontinued operating activities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of internally-created software ) Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used in) continuing investing activities ) Net cash used in discontinued investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Proceeds of class A common stock issuances Repurchases of class A common stock ) Payments for debt related costs ) Settlement of tax withholding obligations ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by continuing financing activities ) Net cash used in discontinued financing activities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: Beginning of period End of period 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of discontinued operations Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of continuing operations at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in Thousands Unless Indicated Otherwise) 
 
 1. 
 radio stations, WQHT(FM) and WBLS(FM) (the Stations ), which serve the New York City demographic market area that primarily targets Black, Hispanic, and multi-cultural consumers. We derive our revenues primarily from radio and digital advertising sales, but we also generate revenues from events, including sponsorships and ticket sales, licensing, and syndication. 
 On December 9, 2022, Fairway Outdoor LLC, FMG Kentucky, LLC and FMG Valdosta, LLC (collectively, Fairway ), all of which are wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries of MediaCo, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with The Lamar Company, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed as of the date of the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price was million, subject to certain customary adjustments, paid at closing in cash. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 We have classified the related assets and liabilities associated with our Fairway business as discontinued operations in our consolidated balance sheets and the results of our Fairway business have been presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income for all periods presented through December 9, 2022 as the sale represented a strategic shift in our business that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. Unless otherwise noted, discussion in the notes to consolidated financial statements refers to the Company's continuing operations. See Note 2 Discontinued Operations for additional information. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us and our refer to MediaCo and its subsidiaries. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 of gross revenues. 

) Year ended December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 million held in escrow related to the Company's disposition of the Fairway business and million held as collateral for a letter of credit entered into in connection with the lease in New York City for our radio operations and corporate offices. 
 
 to years for buildings, the shorter of economic life or expected lease term for leasehold improvements, five to for broadcasting equipment, for automobiles, office equipment and computer equipment, and three to for software. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed as incurred; improvements are capitalized. On a continuing basis, the Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment. If events or changes in circumstances were to indicate that an asset carrying value may not be recoverable, a write-down of the asset would be recorded through a charge to operations. See below for more discussion of impairment policies related to our property and equipment. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Advertising expenses were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Barter revenues were million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Barter expenses were million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) Loss from continuing operations available to common shareholders Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net income (loss) available to common shareholders Denominator: Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding basic and diluted Earnings per share of common stock attributable to common shareholders: Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic and diluted: Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic and diluted: 
 Convertible Standard General promissory notes Series A convertible preferred stock Restricted stock awards Total 
 37 

Table of Contents 

million, subject to certain customary adjustments, paid at closing in cash. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 In accordance with ASC 205-20-S99-3, Allocation of Interest to Discontinued Operations , the Company elected to allocate interest expense to discontinued operations where the debt is not directly attributed to the Fairway business. Interest expense was allocated based on a ratio of net assets discontinued to the sum of consolidated net assets plus consolidated debt. 
 In addition, upon closing we entered into a transition service agreement with the Purchaser to support the operations after the divestiture for immaterial fees. This agreement commenced with the close of the transaction and was terminated at the end of the initial term in February 2023. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense Depreciation and amortization Loss (gain) on disposal of assets ) Total operating expenses Income from operations of discontinued operations Interest and other, net ) ) Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes and gain on sale ) ) Pre-tax gain on sale Income (loss) from discontinued operations, before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) 
 (a) Includes Fairway financial results through the transaction close on December 9, 2022 and the related gain on sale. 
 The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations for Fairway in the consolidated balance sheets: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other Total current assets of discontinued operations Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right of use assets Deferred tax assets Total noncurrent assets of discontinued operations Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued salaries and commissions Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities of discontinued operations Operating lease liabilities, net of current Asset retirement obligations Total noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities of discontinued operations 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 vote with respect to substantially all matters, each share of Class B common stock has votes with respect to substantially all matters, and each share of Class C common stock has voting rights with respect to substantially all matters. All Class B common stock outstanding is owned by SG Broadcasting. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares of Class C common stock were issued or outstanding. 
 On December 16, 2022, our Board approved a stock repurchase plan (the Repurchase Plan ), to repurchase from time to time, in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, shares, up to million in the aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock. The timing of purchases and the exact number of shares to be purchased depends on market conditions. The Repurchase Plan does not include specific price targets or timetables and may be suspended or terminated at any time. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we repurchased under the Repurchase Plan shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate of million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 through March 17, 2023 we repurchased under the Repurchase Plan an additional shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate of million. 
 On August 20, 2021, MediaCo Holding Inc. entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc.( B. Riley ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through or to B. Riley, as agent or principal, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Class A stock totaling million was sold under the agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock was sold under this agreement. 
 
 shares of MediaCo Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value (the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares in exchange for a cash contribution of million (the SG Broadcasting Contribution ). This issuance of shares was issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This issuance was not a public offering because no more than non-accredited investors received securities of the Company, the Company did not engage in general solicitation or advertising with regard to the issuance and sale of shares of MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares and the Company did not make a public offering in connection with the sale of shares of MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares. 
 MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares rank senior in preference to the MediaCo Class A common stock, MediaCo Class B common stock, and the MediaCo Class C common stock. Pursuant to the Articles of Amendment, the ability of the Company to make distributions with respect to, or make a liquidation payment on, any other class of capital stock in the Company designated to be junior to, or on parity with, the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares, will be subject to certain restrictions, including that (i) the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive the amount of dividends per share that would be payable on the number of whole common shares of the Company into which each share of MediaCo Series A Preferred Share could be converted, and (ii) the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, shall be entitled to a preference on the assets of the Company. Issued and outstanding shares of MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares shall accrue cumulative dividends, payable in kind, at an annual rate equal to the interest rate on any senior debt of the Company (see Note 7), or if senior debt is outstanding, , plus additional increases of on December 12, 2020 and each anniversary thereof. On December 13, 2022, and 2021, dividends of million and million, respectively, were paid in kind. The payment in kind increased the accrued value of the preferred stock and additional shares were issued as part of this payment. 
 MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares are redeemable for cash at the option of SG Broadcasting at any time on or after June 12, 2025, and so the shares are classified outside of permanent equity. The Series A Preferred Shares are also convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the option of SG Broadcasting at any time after May 25, 2020, with the number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the original contribution, plus accrued dividends, by the 30-day volume weighted average share price of Class A common shares. On and after May 25, 2020, when the conversion option became effective, the Series A Preferred Shares became participating securities and we began calculating earnings per share using the two-class method. 
 There were shares designated as MediaCo Series A Preferred shares available to be issued as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. On March 23, 2023, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Amendment of Amended Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of designated shares of MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares from to . The additional shares will only be issued in payment of the PIK dividend payable on outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 million of the outstanding balance on the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares, for million shares of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 
 . Awards are typically made pursuant to employment agreements. Restricted stock awards are granted out of the Company s 2022 and 2021 Equity Compensation Plans. 
 We determine the fair value of restricted stock awards based on the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. We generally recognize compensation expense related to restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis over the period during which the restriction lapses. Forfeitures are recognized in the period in which they occur. 
 Granted Vested (restriction lapsed) ) Forfeited ) Grants outstanding, end of period 
 Recognized Non-Cash Compensation Expense 
 million related to stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021. Tax expense related to stock compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was material. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Stock-based compensation expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation arrangements. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 of gross revenues . 
 Radio Advertising 
 On-air broadcast revenue is recognized when or as performance obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. This typically occurs over the period of time that advertisements are provided, or as an event occurs. Revenues are reported at the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive under the contract. Payments received from advertisers before the performance obligation is satisfied are recorded as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. Substantially all deferred revenue is recognized within twelve months of the payment date. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Nontraditional Digital Other Total net revenues 
 
 Notes payable to Emmis Notes payable to SG Broadcasting Less: Current maturities ) Less: Unamortized original discount ) Total long-term debt, net of current portion and debt discount 
 Senior secured term loan agreement 
 The Company had a senior secured term loan agreement (the Senior Credit Facility with GACP Finance Co., LLC, GACP a Delaware limited liability company, as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Senior Credit Facility bore interest at a rate equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), plus , with a LIBOR floor and a incremental interest rate paid in kind under certain circumstances (as discussed below). The Senior Credit Facility matured on November 25, 2024. Prior to subsequent amendments discussed below, the Senior Credit Facility required interest payments on the first business day of each calendar month, and quarterly payments on the principal in an amount equal to one and one quarter percent of the initial aggregate principal amount were due on the last day of each calendar quarter. At its inception, the Senior Credit Facility included covenants pertaining to, among other 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 :1.00, and other customary restrictions. 
 Several amendments were entered into by the Company and GACP to modify, among other things, certain provisions relating to the repayment of the Term Loan (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility). On May 19, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to its Senior Credit Facility. Under the terms of Amendment No. 4: 
 SG Broadcasting agreed to contribute up to million to the Company in the form of subordinated debt, with million contributed at closing, million contributed on June 1, 2021, and up to an additional million to be contributed through June 30, 2022, if necessary, to satisfy certain conditions described in Amendment No. 4; 
 the Company made a principal payment of million to reduce borrowings outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility; 
 quarterly scheduled principal payments are required through and including the quarter ending March 31, 2022; 
 the Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) was reduced to :1.00 from April 1, 2020 through and including December 31, 2022, with it increasing to :1.00 on and after January 1, 2023; 
 for purposes of calculating compliance with the Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) includes certain amounts contributed by SG Broadcasting in the form of subordinated debt or equity, including those described above; 
 for purposes of calculating the Company s borrowing base under the Senior Credit Facility, the multiple applied to Billboard Cash Flow (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) increased from to and the advance rate applied to the radio stations FCC licenses increased from to ; 
 at any time the multiple applied to Billboard Cash Flow exceeds or the advance rate applied to the radio stations FCC licenses exceeds , an incremental annual interest rate of applies and is paid-in-kind monthly; 
 certain specified events of default were waived; and 
 an amendment fee of million was paid in cash. 
 As a result of the million payment made under the amendment, the Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For the period May 19, 2021 through March 31, 2022, the multiple applied to billboard cash flow was in excess of x and the advance rate applied to the Company's FCC Licenses exceeded in order for the Company to achieve minimal compliance with its loan to value covenant. Therefore, the incremental annual interest rate of applied during this period and additional interest payments of million were paid in kind during the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, all of which was added to the principal balance outstanding. For the period from April 1, 2022 to December 9, 2022, the incremental annual interest rate of did not apply as the principal balance outstanding was less than the minimum borrowing base. 
 On November 12, 2022, MediaCo entered into Amendment No. 5 to its Senior Credit Facility, which lowered the minimum liquidity requirement to million through December 15, 2022 and million thereafter and removed the testing requirement for the minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio covenant on September 30, 2022. 
 On December 9, 2022, following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company repaid in full, without penalty, all of its obligations under the Senior Credit Facility, which was terminated at that time. 
 Emmis Convertible Promissory Note 
 Our November 25, 2019 convertible promissory note payable to Emmis Communications Corporation (the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note carries interest at a base rate equal to the interest on any senior credit facility, including any applicable paid in kind rate, or if senior credit facility is outstanding, of , plus an additional on any payment of interest in kind and, without regard to whether the Company pays such interest in kind, an additional increase of following the second anniversary of the date of issuance and additional increases of following each successive anniversary thereafter. Because the Senior Credit Facility prohibited the Company from paying interest in cash on the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note, the Company has been accruing interest since inception using the rate applicable if the interest will be paid-in-kind. The Emmis Convertible Promissory Note is convertible, in whole or in part, 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, for million of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest of million was paid-in-kind and added to the principal balance outstanding which was million at December 31, 2022. 
 Second Amended and Restated SG Broadcasting Promissory Note, Additional SG Broadcasting Promissory Note and May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note 
 The 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes (as defined below), which in July 2022 were converted in full into shares of MediaCo Class A common stock, carried interest at a base rate equal to the interest on any senior credit facility, including any applicable paid in kind rate, or if senior credit facility is outstanding, of , and an additional increase of following the second anniversary of the date of issuance and additional increases of following each successive anniversary thereafter. The 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes were set to mature on May 25, 2025. Additionally, interest under the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes was payable in kind through maturity, and convertible into MediaCo Class A common stock at the option of SG Broadcasting at a strike price equal to the thirty day volume weighted average price of the MediaCo Class A common stock on the date of conversion. 
 On May 19, 2021, the Company issued to SG Broadcasting a subordinated convertible promissory note (the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note and, collectively with the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes, the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes ), in return for which SG Broadcasting contributed million to the Company to make the prepayment of Senior Credit Facility debt required under Amendment No. 4. Up to million may be borrowed pursuant to the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note. The May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note carries interest at a base rate equal to the interest on any senior credit facility, including any applicable paid-in-kind rate, or if senior credit facility is outstanding, of , and an additional increase of on November 25, 2021 and additional annual increases of following each successive anniversary thereafter. The May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note matures on May 25, 2025 and interest is payable in-kind through maturity. Subject to prior shareholder approval of the issuance of the shares, which was obtained on June 28, 2022, the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note is convertible into MediaCo Class A common stock at the option of SG Broadcasting at a strike price equal to the thirty-day volume weighted average price of the MediaCo Class A common stock on the date of conversion. 
 On June 1, 2021, SG Broadcasting contributed million to the Company under the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note as required by Amendment No. 4 to the Senior Credit Facility. 
 On March 18, 2022, the Company and SG Broadcasting agreed to amend the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note to extend the Company s ability to draw the remaining million on the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note from June 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023. 
 On July 28, 2022, SG Broadcasting exercised its right to convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes of million and million, respectively, for million of the Company's Class A common stock. The 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes were terminated at that time, while the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note remains outstanding, but with amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022, mandatory principal payments of long-term debt are million in 2024 (all under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note) and none thereafter. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company has certain assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis including those described in Note 10 Intangible Assets, and are adjusted to fair value only when the carrying values are more than the fair values. The categorization of the framework used to price the assets is considered a Level 3 measurement due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value (see Note 10 for more discussion). 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 Certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. The estimated fair value of financial instruments is determined using the best available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary, however, in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the Company could realize in a current market exchange, or the value that ultimately will be realized upon maturity or disposition. The use of different market assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 
 Cash and cash equivalents : The carrying amount of these assets approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
 Other long-term debt : The Emmis Convertible Promissory Note is not actively traded and is considered a Level 3 instrument. The Company believes the current carrying value of this debt approximates its fair value. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Other Information Operating cash flows from operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total recorded lease liabilities 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement in New York City for our radio operations and corporate offices. The lease commencement date was not until February 1, 2023 and as such, was not included in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. The noncancellable lease term extends through August 2039 and resulted in a right of use asset of million and an operating lease liability of million when recorded at lease commencement. 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets: Software Total 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, the Company reviews intangible assets at least annually for impairment. In connection with any such review, if the recorded value of intangible assets is greater than its fair value, they are written down and charged to results of operations. Our FCC licenses were successfully renewed in 2022 through June 2030. FCC licenses are renewed every at a nominal cost, and historically both of our FCC licenses have been renewed at the end of their respective eight-year periods. Since we expect that both of our FCC licenses will continue to be renewed in the future, we believe they have indefinite lives. Given that our radio stations operate in the same geographic market they are considered a single unit of accounting. 
 Impairment Testing 
 The Company generally performs its annual impairment review of indefinite-lived intangibles as of October 1 each year. At the time of each impairment review, if the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying value, a charge is recorded to results of operations. When indicators of impairment are present, the Company will perform an interim impairment test. We will perform additional interim impairment assessments whenever triggering events suggest 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Long-term Revenue Growth Rate Mature Market Share Operating Profit Margin - 
 - 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Company s FCC licenses was million. 
 Definite-lived Intangibles 
 
 The software was developed internally by our radio operations and represents our updated websites and mobile applications, which offer increased functionality and opportunities to grow and interact with our audience. They cost million to develop and useful lives of and were assigned to the application and website, respectively. 
 Total amortization expense from definite-lived intangibles for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was million and million, related to an intangible asset that was fully amortized as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, our stations are parties to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management of the Company, however, there are legal proceedings pending against the Company that we believe are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company received a deficiency letter (the Nasdaq Letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department, notifying the Company that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(3), which requires the Company to maintain net income from continuing operations of million in the most recently completed fiscal year, or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years (the Minimum Net Income Requirement ), nor is it in compliance with either of the alternative listing standards, market value of listed securities or stockholders equity. The Company s failure to comply with the Minimum Net Income Requirement was based on the Company s filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, reporting net loss from continuing operations of million. 
 Pursuant to the Nasdaq Letter, the Company had 45 calendar days from the date of the Nasdaq Letter to submit a plan to regain compliance, and submitted such a plan during this period. The plan was accepted and Nasdaq granted an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Nasdaq Letter to evidence compliance. 
 On July 28, 2022, the holder exercised its right under the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes to convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest of million and million, respectively, for million shares of the Company's Class A common stock. The Note Conversion increased the Company s stockholders equity by approximately million. As a result, the Company regained compliance with the stockholders equity requirement based upon the transactions and events described above. 
 On August 1, 2022, Nasdaq sent the Company a letter confirming conditional compliance with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), reminding the Company that it must maintain compliance on a go forward basis (the Nasdaq Compliance Letter ). 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company received a second deficiency letter (the Second Nasdaq Letter from the staff of the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff stating that because the Company had reported stockholders equity of million in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022, the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires a minimum million stockholders 
 48 

Table of Contents 

State Total current Deferred: Federal State Total deferred Provision for income taxes 
 Computed income tax provision at federal statutory rate ) ) State income tax ) ) State tax rate change ) Equity based compensation ) Valuation allowance Other Provision for income taxes 
 The final determination of our income tax liability may be materially different from our income tax provision. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Our calculation of the provision for income taxes is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file. In addition, our income tax returns are subject to periodic examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no open income tax examinations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Lease liability Interest deduction carryforward Stock compensation Net operating losses Property and equipment Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Indefinite-lived intangible assets ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Property and equipment ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset DTA will not be realized. The Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, because the Company's management determined that it was more likely than not that certain assets would not be fully realized, as a result of a sharp deterioration of business activity related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The Company records certain deferred tax liabilities DTLs related to indefinite lived intangibles that are not expected to reverse during the carry-forward period. These DTLs can be considered a source of future taxable income to support realization of net operating losses NOLs that do not expire and DTAs that upon reversal would give rise to NOLs that do not expire. With this consideration, the total valuation allowance recorded at December 31, 2022, and 2021, was million and million, respectively, resulting in a net million and million DTL, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating losses NOLs and state NOLs of million available to offset future taxable income. Certain state NOL carryforwards begin expiring in the year ending December 2040. 
 Accounting Standards Codification paragraph 740-10 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken within a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest benefit that is greater than percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has uncertain tax positions. 
 
 million in cash, a million note and of the common stock of MediaCo, (ii) Standard General purchased of the common stock of MediaCo, and (iii) the common stock of MediaCo received by Emmis was distributed pro rata in a taxable dividend to Emmis shareholders on January 17, 2020. The common stock of MediaCo acquired by Standard General is entitled to votes per share and the common stock acquired by Emmis and distributed to Emmis shareholders is entitled to vote per share. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 (cancellable by MediaCo after months) under which Emmis provided various services to us, including accounting, human resources, information technology, legal, public reporting and tax. The Management Agreement was terminated in November 2021 at the expiration of the initial term. We paid Emmis an annual fee of million in equal monthly installments for these services, plus reimbursement of certain expenses directly related to our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021, MediaCo recorded million of management fee expense which is included in corporate expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Employee Leasing Agreement was terminated in January 2021 at the expiration of the initial term. 
 Convertible Promissory Notes 
 As a result of the transaction described above, on November 25, 2019, we issued convertible promissory notes to both Emmis (the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note) and SG Broadcasting (the November 2019 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note in the amounts of million and million, respectively. On February 28, 2020, the Company and SG Broadcasting amended and restated the November 2019 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note such that the maximum aggregate principal amount issuable under the note was increased from million to million. Also on February 28, 2020, SG Broadcasting loaned an additional million to the Company pursuant to the amended note for working capital purposes. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Company and SG Broadcasting further amended and restated the November 2019 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note (as so amended and restated, the Second Amended and Restated SG Broadcasting Promissory Note such that the maximum aggregate principal amount issuable under the note was increased from million to million. On March 27, 2020, SG Broadcasting loaned an additional million to the Company pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated SG Promissory Note for working capital purposes. 
 On August 28, 2020, SG Broadcasting loaned an additional million to the Company pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated SG Promissory Note for working capital purposes, bringing the total principal amount outstanding to million. 
 On September 30, 2020, SG Broadcasting loaned an additional million to the Company pursuant to an additional promissory note (the Additional SG Broadcasting Promissory Note and, together with the Second Amended and Restated SG Broadcasting Promissory Note, the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes for working capital purposes. 
 On November 25, 2020, annual interest of million and million was paid in kind and added to the principal balances of the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note and the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes, respectively. 
 On May 19, 2021, the Company issued to SG Broadcasting the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note, in return for which SG Broadcasting loaned million to the Company to make the prepayment of Senior Credit Facility debt required under Amendment No. 4. Up to million may be borrowed pursuant to the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note. 
 On June 1, 2021, SG Broadcasting loaned million to the Company under the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note as required by Amendment No. 4 to the Senior Credit Facility. 
 On September 30, 2021, annual interest of thousand on the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes was paid in kind and added to the principal balance outstanding. 
 On November 25, 2021, annual interest of million and million was paid in kind and added to the principal balances of the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note and the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes, respectively. 
 On May 19, 2022, annual interest of million was paid in kind and added to the principal balance of the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes. 
 On July 28, 2022, SG Broadcasting exercised its right under the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes to fully convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into the Company's Class A common stock, and the 2019/2020 SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes were terminated at that time, while the May 2021 SG Broadcasting Promissory Note remains outstanding, but with amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Note 7 and Note 11. 
 On August 19, 2022, Emmis exercised its right under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note to convert thousand of the outstanding principal for thousand shares of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million was paid in kind and added to the principal balance of the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note. 
 On December 21, 2022, Emmis exercised its right under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note to convert million of the outstanding principal and million of accrued but unpaid interest for million shares of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 Consequently, the principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 under the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note was million. 
 The Company recognized interest expense of million and million related to the Emmis Convertible Promissory Note for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized interest expense of million and million related to the SG Broadcasting Promissory Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The terms of these notes are described in Note 7. 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On December 13, 2019, in connection with the purchase of Fairway, the Company issued to SG Broadcasting shares of MediaCo Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by SG Broadcasting were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. On December 13, 2022, and 2021, million and million, respectively, of dividends were paid in kind. These payments in kind increased the accrued value of the preferred stock and additional shares were issued as part of this payment. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, unpaid cumulative dividends were million and million, respectively, and included in the balance of preferred stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 4 for a description of the Preferred Stock. 
 On December 28, 2022, SG Broadcasting exercised its right to partially convert million of the outstanding balance on the MediaCo Series A Preferred Shares, for million shares of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 Loan Proceeds Participation Agreement 
 On April 22, 2020, MediaCo and Emmis entered into a certain Loan Proceeds Participation Agreement (the LPPA pursuant to which (i) Emmis agreed to use certain of the proceeds of the loan Emmis received pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act to pay certain wages of employees leased to MediaCo pursuant to the Employee Leasing Agreement, between Emmis and MediaCo (ii) Emmis agreed to waive up to million in reimbursement obligations of MediaCo to Emmis under the Employee Leasing Agreement to the extent that the PPP Loan is forgiven, and (iii) MediaCo agreed to promptly pay Emmis an amount equal to of the amount of the PPP Loan, if any, that Emmis is required to repay, up to the amount of the reimbursement obligations forgiven under (ii) above. Standard General L.P., on behalf of all of the funds for which it serves as an investment advisor, agreed to guaranty MediaCo s obligations under the LPPA. During 2021, Emmis received notification that the full amount of the loan was forgiven. 
 Management Agreement for Billboards LLC 
 On August 11, 2020, the board of directors of the Company unanimously authorized the entry into a certain Management Agreement (the Billboard Agreement between Fairway Outdoor LLC (a subsidiary of the Company, Fairway and Billboards LLC (an affiliate of Standard General, Billboards ). Under the Billboard Agreement, Fairway will manage the billboard business of Billboards in exchange for payments of per quarter and reimbursement of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Fairway in the performance of its duties under the Billboard Agreement. The Billboard Agreement has an effective date of August 1, 2020, has a term of , and has customary provisions on limitation of liability and indemnification. million of income was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 in relation to the Billboard Agreement, of which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, Fairway incurred million of out-of-pocket expenses for the period, substantially all of which has been reimbursed as of December 31, 2022. On December 9, 2022, in connection with the sale of the assets held by Fairway, the Billboard Agreement was terminated pursuant to mutual agreement between Fairway and Billboards. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million was approved and granted to select employees. These awards are to be paid partially in cash and partially in restricted stock awards, which vest immediately upon grant in March 2023. 
 There were no other subsequent events other than those discussed in Note 3, Note 4 and Note 9. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this transition report, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ). This evaluation (the Controls Evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). 
 Based upon the Controls Evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our Disclosure Controls are effective to ensure that information relating to MediaCo Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of MediaCo Holding Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, MediaCo Holding Inc. s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by MediaCo Holding Inc. s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of MediaCo Holding Inc. are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of MediaCo Holding Inc. s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the control criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On March 30, 2023, as a one-time bonus, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors made awards under our 2021 Equity Compensation Plan of vested shares of our Class A common stock to Ann C. Beemish, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (129,888 shares) and Bradford A. Tobin, our President, Chief Operating Officer, and General Counsel (86,125 shares). The Compensation Committee also awarded Ms. Beemish a cash bonus of 150,000. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item with respect to directors or nominees to be directors of MediaCo is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate Governance Certain Committees of the Board of Directors, and Corporate Governance Code of Ethics in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report applies. Information about executive officers of MediaCo or its affiliates who are not directors or nominees to be directors is presented in Part I under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Corporate Governance Compensation of Directors, and Executive Compensation in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report applies. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners and Management in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report applies. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table gives information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under our 2021 and 2020 Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2022. Our shareholders have approved these plans. 
 Number of Securities 
 to be Issued Upon Exercise 
 of Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise 
 Price of Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining 
 Available for Future Issuance 
 under Equity Compensation 
 Plans (Excluding Securities 
 Reflected in Column (A)) 
 Plan Category (A) (B) (C) Class A common stock Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 855,782 3.10 1,137,750 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders Total 855,782 3.10 1,137,750 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Corporate Governance Independent Directors and Corporate Governance Transactions with Related Persons in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report applies. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , PCAOB ID . 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Matters Relating to Independent Registered Public Accountants in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report applies. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as a part of this report are set forth under Item 8. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are required to be filed with this report. 
 Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this report: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form Period Ending Exhibit Filing Date 2.1+ Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and among Fairway Outdoor LLC, FMG Kentucky, LLC and FMG Valdosta, LLC and The Lamar Company, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company.Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of MediaCo Holding Inc., as amended. 
 8-K 2.1 12/12/2022 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of MediaCo Holding Inc., as amended. 
 10-KT 12/31/2019 3.1 3/27/2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Code of Bylaws of MediaCo Holding Inc. 
 10-K 12/31/2021 3.2 3/24/2022 4.1 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-KT 12/31/2019 4.1 3/27/2020 10.1 Employment Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2021, by and between MediaCo Holding Inc. and Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay 
 10-Q 9/30/2021 10.1 11/12/2021 10.2 Employment Agreement between MediaCo Holding Inc. and Ann Beemish, dated February 9, 2022 
 8-K 99.1 2/11/2022 10.3 Employment Agreement between MediaCo Holding Inc. and Brad Tobin, dated February 9, 2022 
 8-K 99.2 2/11/2022 10.4 MediaCo Holding Inc. 2021 Equity Compensation Plan 
 Definitive Proxy Ex. A 4/2/2021 10.5 P romissory Note, dated as of November 25, 2019, by MediaCo Holding Inc. in favor of Emmis Communications Corporation 
 8-K 10.8 11/27/2019 10.6 Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of May 19, 2021, by MediaCo Holding Inc. in favor of SG Broadcasting LLC. 
 8-K 10.2 5/21/2021 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2020 Equity Compensation Plan. 
 10-Q 6/30/2020 10.2 8/14/2020 10.8 Amendment No. 1 to Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of March 18, 2022, by and between MediaCo Holding Inc., and SG Broadcasting LLC. 
 10-K 12/31/2021 10.12 3/24/2022 21 Subsidiaries of MediaCo Holding Inc. 
 X 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form Period Ending Exhibit Filing Date 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 
 + The Registrant will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MEDIACO HOLDING INC. Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Chief Executive Officer and Director Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Ann C. Beemish Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Ann C. Beemish (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Patrick M. Walsh Director Patrick M. Walsh Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ J. Scott Enright Director J. Scott Enright Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Andrew Glaze Director Andrew Glaze Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Robert L. Greene Director Robert L. Greene Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Mary Beth McAdaragh Director Mary Beth McAdaragh Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Deborah McDermott Director Deborah McDermott Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey H. Smulyan Director Jeffrey H. Smulyan 
 59 

<EX-21>
 2
 mdia-ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 INFORMATION REGARDING SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Name Under Which Subsidiary Does Business Jurisdiction of Organization MediaCo Holding Inc. IN MediaCo WQHT License LLC IN MediaCo WBLS License LLC IN FMG Kentucky, LLC DE FMG Valdosta, LLC DE Fairway Outdoor LLC DE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex23-eyconsent.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-258593) of MediaCo Holding, Inc. and Subsidiaries, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-246338) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Compensation Plan of MediaCo Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries, and 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256430) pertaining to the 2021 Equity Compensation Plan of MediaCo Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of MediaCo Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mdia-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MediaCo Holding Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mdia-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Ann C. Beemish, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MediaCo Holding Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Ann C. Beemish Ann C. Beemish Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mdia-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2022 
 The undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in their capacity as an officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. (the Company ), that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Rahsan-Rahsan Lindsay Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mdia-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2022 
 The undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in their capacity as an officer of MediaCo Holding Inc. (the Company ), that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Ann C. Beemish Ann C. Beemish Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mdia-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mdia-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mdia-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mdia-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mdia-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

