<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1487197_0001493152-23-006567.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5025303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125469</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>948204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1405430</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1144886</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1290695</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006567.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302161050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006567
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT, VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41228
		FILM NUMBER:		23699021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-598-7110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006567.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and
directors) as of June 30, 2022 was 

As
of February 24, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC. 

FORM
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 13 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 15 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 15 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 22 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 23 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 24 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), the other reports, statements, and information that we have previously filed
or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and public announcements that we have
previously made or may subsequently make include, may include, incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference certain statements
that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report and those reports, statements, information and announcements address activities, events or developments that Barfresh Food Group
Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as we . us , our , Company 
or Barfresh expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations,
beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements.
These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may , should ,
 could , predict , potential , believe , will likely result , expect ,
 will continue , anticipate , seek , estimate , intend , plan ,
 projection , would , outlook and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates,
assumptions and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking
statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements
concerning economic conditions, rates of growth, rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information
available to us on the dates noted, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

Management
cautions that forward-looking statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors, many of which are outside of our control,
involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements
made, including, but not limited to, the following risk factors. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. 

Certain
risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements
made by us, and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially
from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise.
In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. See Risk Factors 
set forth in Item 1A. 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

We
are subject to the information reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we file quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other required information and reports with
the SEC. 

You
can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov at
no cost. You may also request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing us at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1720, Los Angeles,
90010 or calling us at (310) 598-7113. 

We
also maintain a website at www.barfresh.com/us/ , at which you may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on or accessible through our website
is not a part of this report, and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Corporate
History and Background 

The
Company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready-to-drink and ready-to-blend frozen beverages, including smoothies,
shakes and frappes. The current operation was established following a 2012 reverse merger into an inactive Delaware corporation, formed
on February 25, 2010. We have two direct subsidiaries: Barfresh Corporation, Inc. (formerly known as Smoothie, Inc.) and Barfresh, Inc.
Our corporate office is located at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720, Los Angeles, 90010. Our telephone number is (310) 598-7113 and
our website is www.barfresh.com. 

Business
Overview 

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation, manufacturing and distribution of ready-to-drink and ready-to-blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio
of products includes smoothies, shakes and frappes. 

Some
of the key benefits of the products for the end consumers that drink the products include: 

From
 as little as 125-130 calories (per serving) 

Real
 fruit in every smoothie 

Dairy
 free options 

Kosher
 approved 

Gluten
 Free 

Products 

Products
are packaged in three distinct formats. 

The
Company s ready-to-drink smoothie, Twist Go , has initially been focused towards the USDA national school
meal program, including the School Breakfast Program, the National School Lunch Program and Smart Snacks in Schools Program. This sweet
fruit and creamy yogurt smoothie contains four ounces of yogurt and a half-cup of fruit/fruit juice and comes in three different flavors:
strawberry banana, peach and mango pineapple. The product was originally launched in a bottled packaging format. The Company introduced
Twist Go cartons in 2022. Twist Go contains no added sugars, preservatives, artificial flavors or colors. At
only 125 -130 calories and with 5 grams of protein, it makes the perfect start to any day or on-the-go snack. 

The
Company s bulk Easy Pour format, which contains all the ingredients necessary to make the beverage, is packaged in
gallon containers in a concentrated formula that is mixed in beverage dispensing equipment 1:1 with water. The Company has a no
sugar added version of the bulk Easy Pour format, WHIRLZ 100 Juice Concentrate, that is specifically targeted for the aforementioned USDA national
school meal programs. In addition, the Company received approval from the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA to sell its smoothie products into all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces and is currently in contract with and selling its bulk Easy
Pour products into over one hundred military bases in the United States and abroad. 

The
Company s single serve format features portion controlled and ready-to-blend beverage ingredient packs or beverage packs .
The beverage packs contain all the ingredients necessary to make the beverage, including the base (either sorbet, frozen yogurt, or ice
cream), real fruit pieces, juices, and ice five ounces of water are added before blending. 

Distribution 

The
Company conducts sales through several channels, including National Accounts, Regional Accounts, and Broadline Distributors. 

4 

On
October 26, 2015, Barfresh signed a five-year agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages, a division of PepsiCo, to become its
exclusive sales representative within the food service channel to present Barfresh s line of ready-to-blend smoothies and
frozen beverages throughout the United States and Canada. In February 2023, Barfresh
terminated the agreement. Such termination is not anticipated to have a significant impact on sales. 

Manufacturing 

Barfresh
utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of its products in the United States. 

Research
and Development 

The
Company incurred approximately 382,000 and 245,000, in research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The increase in Research and Development expenses was primarily attributable to the launch of the Company s
Twist Go cartons, as well as costs incurred to investigate the quality issues experienced
with the Manufacturer, more fully described in Item 7, 

Competition 

There
is significant competition in the smoothie market at both the institutional and consumer purchasing level. 

The
Company distributes products institutionally primarily through distributors to school districts. The Company has recently launched its
Twist Go ready-to-drink smoothie as well as a no sugar added version of the bulk Easy Pour format,
WHIRLZ 100 Juice Concentrates, both of which are specifically targeted for the USDA national school meal program, including the School
Breakfast Program, the National School Lunch Program, and Smart Snacks in Schools Program. At the institutional level, the Company competes
with other food and beverage manufacturers, many of which have significantly greater financial resources and distribution reach. 

The
competition at the consumer level is primarily between specialized juice bars (e.g. Jamba Juice) and major fast casual and fast food
restaurant chains (such as McDonalds). Barfresh does not compete specifically at this level but intends to supply its product to customers
that fall within these segments to enable them to compete for consumer demand. The Company believes that its single serve products afford
a very significant competitive advantage based on ease of use, portion control, premium quality, and minimal capital investment required
to enable a customer to begin to carry Barfresh beverage products. The Company also believes that its bulk Easy Pour product
represents an attractive alternative delivery method for customers that serve high volume locations, where speed of service over extended
periods is a critical requirement. 

There
may also be new entrants to the smoothie market that may alter the current competitor landscape. 

Intellectual
Property 

Barfresh
owns the domestic and international property rights to its products sealed pack of ingredients used in its single serve products. 

In
November 2011, the Company acquired patent applications filed in the United States (Patent Application number 11/660415) and Canada (Patent
Application number 2577163) from certain related parties. The United States patent was originally filed on December 4, 2007 and it was
granted during August of 2017. The Canadian patent was originally filed on August 16, 2005 and it was granted on May 27, 2014. 

On
October 15, 2013, the Company acquired all of the related international patent rights, which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation
Treaty, have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the PCT. In addition,
the Company purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products. 

5 

Governmental
Approval and Regulation 

While
the Company is not aware of the need for any governmental approvals to manufacture or distribute its products, manufacturing products
which meet the criteria of the USDA S national school meal program and USDLA is critical to the Company s business plan. 

The
Company utilizes contract manufacturers. Before entering into any manufacturing contracts, the Company determines that the manufacturer
meets all government requirements. 

Environmental
Laws 

The
Company does not believe that it is subject to any environmental laws, either state or federal. Compliance with any laws concerning manufacturing
is the responsibility of the contract manufacturer. 

Employees 

As
of March 1, 2023, the Company has 13 employees and 3 consultants. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in the Company s securities involves significant risks, including the risks described below. The risks included below
are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial or unlikely
to occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional risks and uncertainties
actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The
impact of COVID-19 on the Company is constantly evolving. The direct impact to our operations had begun to take effect at the close of
the first quarter ended March 31, 2020. Specifically, our business was impacted by dining bans targeted at restaurants to reduce the
size of public gatherings. Such bans precluded our single serve products from being served at those establishments for a number of weeks,
and in some instances, resulted in abandoned product launches. Furthermore, many school districts closed regular attendance for a period
of time thereby disrupting sales of product into that channel. More recently, we have experienced a disruption in the supply chain for
manufacturing our products due to COVID-19. The developments surrounding COVID-19 remain fluid and dynamic, and consequently, will require
the Company to continue to monitor news headlines from government and health officials, as well as, the business community. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of operating losses. 

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. These operating losses have been generated while we
market to potential customers. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive
and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability and our failure to do
so would adversely affect the Company s business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

If
we continue to suffer losses from operations, our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business operations
as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time, unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on
acceptable terms, we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce our level of operations, including
reducing infrastructure, promotions, sales and marketing programs, personnel and other operating expenses. These events could adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available or if they are not available
on acceptable terms, our ability to fund the growth of our operations, take advantage of opportunities, develop products or services
or otherwise respond to competitive pressures, could be significantly limited. 

6 

Issues
with a manufacturer have resulted in a significant loss for 2022, as well as other negative impacts. 

As
described more fully in Item 7, we experienced product quality issues with a contract manufacturer (the Manufacturer that
provided approximately 52 and 42 of our products in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Complaints from customers led us to
withdraw product from the market and destroy existing inventory. The results for 2022 reflect the estimated accounting impact of these
actions, including 493,000 in refunds and administrative fees due to customers and 932,000 to dispose of unsaleable inventory. 

In
addition to the accounting impact, we must obtain suitable replacement contract manufacturers and regain the confidence of our customers
and investing public, all while seeking a resolution with the Manufacturer. These tasks require substantial amounts of personnel and
capital resources. As of the filing of this report, we are unable to predict the impact on our results for the 2023 fiscal year. 

We
may need additional financing in the future, which may not be available when needed or may be costly and dilutive. 

We
may require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require,
the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors, including our
strategic initiatives and operating plans, the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally,
the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating
plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future.
Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs, financing
arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally, these alternatives may require significant cash
payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not
provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary, we may explore strategic transactions that
we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders, which may include, without limitation, public or private
offerings of debt or equity securities, and other strategic alternatives; however, these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. 

A
worsening of economic conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business strategy. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions and the
availability of discretionary income. There is no certainty regarding economic conditions in the United States, and credit and financial
markets and confidence in economic conditions could deteriorate at any time. Accordingly, we may experience declines in revenue during
economic turmoil or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending, leading cost-conscious
consumers to be more selective in restaurants visited, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, business
and financial condition. 

The
challenges of competing with the many food services businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins. 

We
compete with many well-established companies, food service and otherwise, on the basis of taste, quality and price of product offered,
customer service, atmosphere, location and overall guest experience. Our success depends, in part, upon the popularity of our products
and our ability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all four day parts. Shifts in consumer preferences away from
our products, our inability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all day parts, or changes in our menu that eliminate
items popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other smoothie and juice bar retailers, specialty coffee retailers,
yogurt and ice cream shops, bagel shops, fast-food restaurants, delicatessens, caf s, take-out food service companies, supermarkets
and convenience stores. Our competitors change with each of the four day parts, ranging from coffee bars and bakery caf s to casual
dining chains. Many of our competitors or potential competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do,
which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker than we can. In addition, aggressive pricing by our competitors or the
entrance of new competitors into our markets, could reduce our revenue and operating margins. We also compete with other employers in
our markets for workers and may become subject to higher labor costs as a result of such competition. 

7 

The
recent global coronavirus outbreak could harm our business and results of operations. 

In
March 2020 the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has
continued to spread, and any related adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, customers, economies, and
financial markets globally, potentially leading to an economic downturn. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses,
including ours. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for our product and harm our business and results of operations.
It is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on our business
or results of operations at this time. 

Disruption
within our supply chain, contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our
ability, through our suppliers, business partners, contract manufacturers, independent distributors and retailers, to produce, transport,
distribute and sell products is critical to our success. 

Damage
or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion,
terrorism, pandemics such as COVD-19 and influenza, labor strikes or other reasons, could impair the manufacture, distribution and sale
of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood
or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
experience with the Manufacturer demonstrates how our reliance on a limited number of manufacturers and suppliers further increases this
risk. Most of our suppliers and manufacturers produce similar products for other companies, and our products may represent a small portion
of their businesses. Further, it takes a newly engaged manufacturer typically up to nine months of retrofitting/ preparation before it
can begin producing our products. We have contracts in place to produce sufficient units to meet projected demand; however, if one of
our manufacturers fails to perform, we would be faced with a significant interruption in our supply chain. If one of our manufacturers
or suppliers fails to perform or deliver products, for any reason, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore,
if we are unable to meet our customers demands due to a disruption in our supply chain, we may lose that customer which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
dependence on independent contract manufacturers could make management of our manufacturing and distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable. 

We
are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements, which is customary
in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular
geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located, we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To
the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements,
or orders are not submitted on a timely basis, we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely, we may produce
more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it, resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory
spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships
with our independent distributors and key accounts, which, in turn, would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain
effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts. At present, we must replace the Manufacturer with one or more new contract
manufacturers and/or arrange for increased production from our existing contract manufacturers, all of which require several months to
implement. 

If
we do not adequately manage our inventory levels, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends
on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly
for new products, seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain
sufficient inventory of raw materials, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or
retailer demand for our products, we may end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs, increased trade spending
and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand, we could damage our relationships with our distributors
and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating
results. In addition, if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high, they will not place orders
for additional products, which would also unfavorably impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results. 

8 

Increases
in costs of packaging, ingredients and contract manufacturing tolling fees may have an adverse impact on our gross margin. 

Packaging
costs such as paper and aluminum cans have experienced industry wide price increases in the past and there is always the risk that the
Company s contract manufacturers increase their toll rates based on increases in their fixed and variable costs. If the Company
is unable to pass on these costs, the gross margin will be significantly impacted. 

Litigation
or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. 

We
may become party to litigation claims and legal proceedings. Litigation involves significant risks, uncertainties and costs, including
distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess
the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates,
we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates
are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes
or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict
compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations, including
those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance
by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation
or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, as
well as disgorgement of profits. 

While
the litigation with the Manufacturer has been voluntarily moved from the court system, there is no assurance that we will be able to
reach a suitable resolution with the Manufacturer and not be forced to refile our case with the court. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated,
our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. As discussed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures of this Form 10-K, we have re-evaluated
our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that they were not effective as
of December 31, 2022. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. Management has concluded that there is a material weakness due to the control environment. The control environment
is impacted due to the Company s inadequate segregation of duties. 

The
Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Implementation of the Company s
remediation plans has commenced , including adding appropriate staffing and implementing an improved information system. Remediation
is being overseen by the audit committee. However, there can be no assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated
or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Even effective internal control can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Any failure to remediate the material
weaknesses or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material
misstatements in our financial statements, which in turn could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock and we could fail to meet our financial reporting
obligations. 

Fluctuations
in various food and supply costs, particularly fruit and dairy, could adversely affect our operating results. 

Supplies
and prices of the various ingredients that we are going to use to can be affected by a variety of factors, such as weather, seasonal
fluctuations, demand, politics and economics in the producing countries. 

These
factors subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies, which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In addition,
the prices of fruit and dairy, which are the main ingredients in our products, can be highly volatile. The fruit of the quality we seek
tends to trade on a negotiated basis, depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase in pricing of any fruit
that we are going to use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to secure our fruit supply. 

9 

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel, and our business may be severely
disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our
future success heavily depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our senior
executives is unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in his or her present position, we may have to spend a considerable amount
of time and resources searching, recruiting, and integrating a replacement into our operations, which would substantially divert management s
attention from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified, experienced, highly skilled personnel, which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we become
a more mature company in the future, we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed in attracting,
hiring and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. The
loss of any key employee, including members of our senior management team, and our inability to attract highly skilled personnel with
sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business. 

Product
liability exposure may expose us to significant liability. 

We
may face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability and other claims and lawsuits in the event that the development or
use of our technology or prospective products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. We may not be able to avoid significant
liability exposure. Although we believe our insurance coverage to be adequate, we may not have sufficient insurance coverage, and we
may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage at a reasonable cost. An inability to obtain product liability insurance at acceptable
cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products.
A product liability claim could hurt our financial performance. Even if we ultimately avoid financial liability for this type of exposure,
we may incur significant costs in defending ourselves that could hurt our financial performance and condition. 

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights may force us to incur unanticipated costs. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain protection in the United States and internationally for certain intellectual
property incorporated into our products. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented, which
could limit our ability to prevent competitors from marketing similar solutions that limit the effectiveness of our patent protection
and force us to incur unanticipated costs. In addition, existing laws of some countries in which we may provide services or solutions
may offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights. 

Our
products may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, and third parties may infringe our proprietary rights, either
of which may result in lawsuits, distraction of management and the impairment of our business. 

As
the number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in our industry increases, products based on our
technology may increasingly become the subject of infringement claims. Third parties could assert infringement claims against us in the
future. Infringement claims with or without merit could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays
or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, might not be available on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights
or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Litigation to determine the validity of any claims, whether or not the litigation
is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel
from productive tasks. If there is an adverse ruling against us in any litigation, we may be required to pay substantial damages, discontinue
the use and sale of infringing products and expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses to infringing
technology. Our failure to develop or license a substitute technology could prevent us from selling our products. 

10 

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public
companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices.
Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover,
these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

We
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to continue to operate as a public company, nor can we predict
the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of
specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing
bodies which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to
disclosure and governance practices. 

Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies
from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Some foreign
companies, including some that may compete with our Company, may not be subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery,
pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in countries in which we conduct our business. However, our
employees or other agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to
have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

It
is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales because our distributors and national accounts may not be required to place
minimum orders with us. 

Our
distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. Accordingly, we cannot predict the timing or
quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from
us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally, our larger distributors and partners may make
orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels, supply of raw materials or other
key supplies could negatively affect us. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

If
we are unable to adequately fund our operations, we may be forced to voluntarily file for deregistration of our common stock with the
SEC. 

Compliance
with the periodic reporting requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal, as well external, resources
and represents a significant cost for us. If we are unable to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources needed to maintain
such compliance, while continuing our operations, we could be forced to deregister with the SEC. After the deregistration process, our
common stock would only be tradable on the Pink Sheets and could suffer a decrease in or absence of liquidity. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our share
price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be impacted, in part, by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about our business or us. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us, continue to cover us or provide favorable coverage.
If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our share price may decline. In addition, if one or
more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

Because
we became public by means of a reverse merger , we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms. 

Additional
risks may exist since we became public through a reverse merger . Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide
coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We cannot assure you
that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our Company in the future. 

11 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds in future
securities offerings. 

Future
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could
adversely affect the then prevailing market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds in the future
through a public offering of our securities. 

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations. 

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our ability
to achieve our planned growth, quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in our common stock,
changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company s competitors
or the Company itself. 

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends, shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or common stock. For the foreseeable future, it is expected that
earnings, if any, generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business, and that no dividends will be paid
to holders of the Company s common stock. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend upon any future
appreciation in its value. There can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value. 

The
price of our common stock may become volatile, which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

announcements
 of developments by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

adoption
 of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

introduction
 of new products by us or our competitors; 

sales
 of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation initiated
against us, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and Company
resources, which could harm our business and financial condition. 

Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of future issuances of additional shares of our common stock. 

We
intend to continue to seek financing through the issuance of equity or convertible securities to fund our operations. In the future,
we may also issue additional equity securities resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders. We may
also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock in
connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional
shares of common stock will result in dilution to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common
stock. 

Provisions
in our Company charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
of our Company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their
shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock,
thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the
members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. In addition, because we are incorporated
in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns
in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the
transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved
in a prescribed manner. 

Our
board of directors controls the majority of the outstanding shares of voting stock. 

At
present, members of our board of directors and/or their affiliated entities control over 60 of the outstanding shares of voting stock,
and therefore have the power to control all matters requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of directors and
the approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. 

12 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720, Los Angeles, 90010. Beginning in April 2019, we leased
this office space pursuant to a direct lease for approximately 80,000 annually through March 31, 2023. The Company extended its lease through June 2023 while management evaluates options for renewal or relocation. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Other
than as disclosed below, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries are party to or have property that is the subject of any material pending
legal proceedings. We may be subject to ordinary legal proceedings incidental to our business from time to time that are not required
to be disclosed under this Item 3. 

On
November 10, 2022, we filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Western
Division, against Schreiber Foods, Inc. claiming a breach of the supply agreement and seeking economic damages. On
January 20, 2023, the Company filed a voluntary dismissal of the complaint which allows the parties to reach a potential resolution
outside of the court system. Further information is included in Item 7 and Notes 1 and 9 of
our financial statements. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

13 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq s Capital Market under the symbol BRFH . Our common stock had been
quoted on the Nasdaq s Capital Market since January 20, 2022. Prior to January 20, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB.
Effective December 29, 2021, we effected a 1-for-13 reverse stock split. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid
quotations for the applicable periods, as adjusted for the reverse stock split. These quotations as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Bid Quotation 
 
 Financial Quarter Ended 
 High ) 
 Low ) 

December 31, 2022 
 3.09 
 1.00 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 5.89 
 2.62 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 7.64 
 4.67 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 8.00 
 3.86 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 7.15 
 3.12 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 8.45 
 4.68 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 8.45 
 4.96 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 7.15 
 3.90 

Holders 

On
February 24, 2023, there were 12,971,330 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by 82
stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers and registered clearing
agencies. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no sales of unregistered securities. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company 

There
were no purchases of equity securities made by the Company in the period covered by this report. 

14 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

For equity compensation plan information, refer to Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent, Securities Transfer Corporation, is located at 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093, and its telephone
number is (469) 633-0101. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
information and financial data discussed below is derived from the audited financial statements of Barfresh for its fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The financial statements of Barfresh were prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States. The information and financial data discussed below is only a summary and should be read in conjunction
with the historical financial statements and related notes of Barfresh contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and
analysis may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward
Looking Statements above for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the significance of such statements in the context
of this Annual Report. 

Overview 

The
Company s products are packaged in three distinct formats. 

The
Company s ready-to-drink smoothie, Twist Go , has initially been focused towards the USDA national school meal program,
including the School Breakfast Program, the National School Lunch Program and Smart Snacks in Schools Program. This sweet fruit and creamy
yogurt smoothie contains four ounces of yogurt and a half-cup of fruit/fruit juice and comes in three different flavors: strawberry banana,
peach and mango pineapple. Twist Go contains no added sugars, preservatives, artificial flavors or colors.
At only 125 -130 calories and with 5 grams of protein, it makes the perfect start to any day or on-the-go snack. 

15 

The
Company s bulk Easy Pour format, which contains all the ingredients necessary to make the beverage, is packaged in
gallon containers in a concentrated formula that is mixed 1:1 with water. The Company has a no sugar added version of the
bulk Easy Pour format that is specifically targeted for the aforementioned USDA national school meal programs. In addition,
the Company received approval from the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA to sell its smoothie products into
all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces and is currently in contract with and selling its bulk Easy Pour products into over one hundred
military bases in the United States and abroad. 

The
Company s single-serve format features portion controlled and ready-to-blend beverage ingredient packs or beverage packs .
The beverage packs contain all the ingredients necessary to make the beverage, including the base (either sorbet, frozen yogurt, or ice
cream), real fruit pieces, juices, and ice five ounces of water are added before blending. 

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh, as well as related trademarks for all of the single serve products.
Patent rights have been granted in 13 jurisdictions including the United States. In addition, the Company has purchased all of the trademarks
related to the patented products. 

The
Company conducts sales through several channels, including National Accounts, Regional Accounts, and Broadline Distributors. 

On
October 26, 2015, Barfresh signed a five-year agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages, a division of PepsiCo, to become its
exclusive sales representative within the food service channel to present the Barfresh line of ready-to-blend smoothies and frozen
beverages throughout the United States and Canada. In February 2023, Barfresh terminated the agreement. Such termination is not anticipated to have a significant impact on sales. 

Currently
we have 13 employees and 3 consultants. 

Barfresh
utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States. 

Recent
developments 

Our
products are produced to specifications through several contract manufacturers. One of our contract manufacturers (the Manufacturer has provided approximately 52 and 42 of our products in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under a Supply Agreement
with an initial term through September 2025. 

Over
the course of 2022, we experienced numerous quality issues with the case packaging utilized by the Manufacturer. In addition, in
July of 2022, we began receiving customer complaints about the texture of our smoothie products produced by the Manufacturer. In
response, we withdrew product from the market and destroyed on-hand inventory, withholding 499,000 in payments due to the
Manufacturer. The results reflect the estimated accounting impact of such actions, including an estimated product return allowance
of 330,000 and total product returns reducing revenue by 493,000 as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 932,000 in
cost of revenue to dispose of unsaleable inventory. 

We
attempted to resolve the issues based on the contractual procedures described in the Supply Agreement. However, on November 4, 2022,
in response to a formal proposal of alternate resolutions, we received notification from the Manufacturer that it denied any responsibility
for the defective manufacture of the product. In response, on November 10, 2022, we filed a complaint in the United States District Court
for the Central District of California, Western Division (the Complaint ), claiming that the Manufacturer has not met its
obligations under the Supply Agreement, and seeking economic damages. In response, the Manufacturer terminated the Supply Agreement.
On January 20, 2023, we filed a voluntary dismissal of the Complaint which allows the parties to reach a potential resolution outside
of the court system. However, if the parties are once again unable to come to an agreement, we have the right to refile the Complaint
in California State Court. 

Due
to the uncertainties surrounding the claim, we are not able to predict either the outcome or a range of reasonably possible recoveries
that could result from its actions against the Manufacturer, and no gain contingencies have been recorded. The disruption in supply resulting
from the dispute will adversely impact its results of operations and cash flow until a suitable resolution is reached or new sources
of reliable supply at sufficient volume can be identified and developed, the timing of which is uncertain. 

16 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , revenue is recognized when a customer obtains ownership
of promised goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive
in exchange for these goods. The Company applies the following five steps: 

1) 
 Identify
 the contract with a customer 

A
 contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party s
 rights, (ii) the contract has commercial substance and, (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration
 for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company, the contract is the approved sales order, which may also
 be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. 

2) 
 Identify
 the performance obligation in the contract 

Performance
 obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company,
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages, which provide immediate benefit to the customer. 

3) 
 Determine
 the transaction price 

The
 transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods
 and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration, which typically includes rebates or discounts, are estimated
 utilizing the most likely amount method. Provisions for refunds and other adjustments are generally provided for in the period the related sales are recorded,
based on management s assessment of historical and projected trends. 

4) 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 
 
 Since
 our contracts contain a single performance obligation, delivery of frozen beverages, the transaction price is allocated to that single
 performance obligation. 

5) 
 Recognize
 Revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

The
 Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods,
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or
 discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfilment
 costs and presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

We
account for share-based employee compensation plans under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions in accordance with applicable
accounting standards, which require all share-based payments to employees, including grants of stock options and restricted stock units
(RSUs) and performance stock units (PSUs), to be measured based on the grant date fair value of the awards, with the resulting expense
generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for
the award. Expense for PSUs is recognized based on expected performance against targets. 

17 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue
and cost of revenue 

Revenue
increased 2,462,000, or 37 , from 6,700,000 in 2021 to 9,162,000 in 2022. The overall revenue for 2022 was significantly higher due
to growing Twist Go revenue prior
to our product withdrawal resulting from the quality complaints with product purchased from the Manufacturer. As a result of the withdrawal,
we recorded a reserve for anticipated sales claims and administrative fees of 493,000. We anticipate that our revenues will be adversely
impacted as a result of the dispute unless and until new sources of reliable supply at sufficient volume can be identified and developed,
the timing of which is uncertain. 

Cost
of revenue for 2022 was 7,722,000 as compared to 4,193,000 in 2021. Our gross profit was 1,440,000 (16 and 2,507,000 (37 for
2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of revenue was adversely impacted by the completed and anticipated disposals of Twist
 Go product purchased from the Manufacturer, resulting in a charge of 932,000. Depreciation from manufacturing equipment
was 29,000 and 18,000 for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Selling,
marketing and distribution expense 

Year ended 
 December 31, 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Percent 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 1,394,000 
 756,000 
 638,000 
 84 
 
 Storage and outbound freight 
 1,467,000 
 1,054,000 
 413,000 
 39 

2,861,000 
 1,810,000 
 1,051,000 
 58 

Sales,
marketing and distribution expense increased approximately 1,051,000 (58 from approximately 1,810,000 in 2021 to 2,861,000 in 2022. 

Sales
and marketing expense increased approximately 638,000 (84 from approximately 756,000 in 2021 to 1,394,000 in 2022. The increase
in sales and marketing expense was primarily the result of the retention of new employees and outside service providers to assist with
sales and initiatives, including, beginning in the third quarter of 2022, brokers specializing in the school market. Additionally, the
Company increased its participation in education nutrition trade shows in 2022. 

Storage
and outbound freight expense increased approximately 413,000 (39 from approximately 1,054,000 in 2021 to 1,467,000 in 2022. The
increase was primarily a result of the 37 increase in revenue. 

General
and administrative expense 

Year ended 
 December 31, 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Percent 
 
 Personnel costs 
 1,340,000 
 830,000 
 510,000 
 61 
 
 Stock-based compensation and payment for outside services 
 559,000 
 281,000 
 278,000 
 99 
 
 Legal, professional and consulting fees 
 499,000 
 396,000 
 103,000 
 26 
 
 Director fees paid in cash 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 - 
 0 
 
 Research and development 
 382,000 
 245,000 
 137,000 
 56 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 669,000 
 318,000 
 351,000 
 110 

3,549,000 
 2,170,000 
 1,379,000 
 64 

General
and administrative expense increased approximately 1,379,000 (64 from approximately 2,170,000 in 2021 to 3,549,000 in 2022. 

Personnel
cost represents the cost of employees including salaries, bonuses, employee benefits and employment taxes and continues to be our largest
cost. Personnel cost increased by approximately 510,000 (61 from approximately 830,000 to 1,340,000. The increase in personnel cost
was partially offset by the decrease in consulting fees as we choose to hire permanent staff as the critical stages of the COVID-19 pandemic
waned, rather than rely on consultants and temporary staff. 

18 

Stock-based
compensation is used as an incentive to attract and compensate employees and other service providers. Stock-based compensation includes
stock issued and options granted to employees and non-employees. Stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately
 559,000 compared to 281,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the aforementioned increase in staffing, and the institution
of our performance-based stock compensation program in the third quarter of 2022. Stock-based compensation in 2021 benefited from forfeiture
credits due to the departure of two key employees. 

Legal,
professional, and consulting fees increased approximately 103,000 (26 from approximately 396,000 in 2021 to 499,000 in 2022. The
increase was primarily due to the dispute and litigation with the Manufacturer and corporate development activities. 

Research
and development expense increased approximately 137,000 (56 from approximately 245,000 in 2021 to 382,000 in 2022. The increase
is primarily due to materials consumed in pre-production runs at a new contract manufacturer that provided our Twist
 Go product in carton format starting in the fourth quarter of 2022 . Additionally, we incurred costs investigating the quality issue that occurred with the Manufacturer. 

Other
expense increased approximately 351,000 (110 from approximately 318,000 in 2021 to 669,000 in 2022. In 2022, we incurred approximately
 175,000 in one-time costs related to the uplist of our common stock to the NASDAQ Stock Market. Additionally, we experienced maintenance
cost increases related to equipment loaned to our bulk product customers, and an increase in annual meeting costs. 

Asset
Impairment 

We
evaluate the recoverability of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable
cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates
that the carrying amount of property and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced
to fair value. We recorded impairment charges of 746,000 related to idle equipment resulting from overcapacity for single-serve products
and equipment that is held at the Manufacturer. 

Operating
loss 

We
had operating losses of approximately 6,219,000 and 2,095,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase
of approximately 4,124,000 or 196 , was primarily due to 1,425,000 in charges related to the aforementioned product quality issue and
withdrawal, the asset impairment of 746,000 and other increases in operating expense. 

Other
income and expense 

The
change in the value of the derivative liability is based upon the Black-Scholes model from one period to another. The gain of approximately
 16,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was a result of the change in components of the Black-Scholes model. The derivative liability
was settled upon conversion and repayment of the convertible notes in the second quarter of 2021, which resulted in an extinguishment
loss of 194,000. 

We
recorded a gain on extinguishment of Covid-19 related Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan of 1,136,000 in the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Interest
expense was approximately 128,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest related to convertible debt that was converted and
repaid in 2021. We did not incur any interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
loss 

We
had net losses of approximately 6,219,000 and 1,265,000 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of
 4,954,000 due primarily to the 1,425,000 charges related to the product withdrawal and the asset impairment of 746,000 in 2022, increases
in operating expense and the 1,136,000 gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan in 2021. 

19 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 1,801,000 compared with 6,172,000 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital
is primarily due to the operating loss of 6,219,000, partially offset by non-cash expenses of 1,834,000. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 2,648,000 in operations and 13,000 for the purchase of equipment. 

The
impact of COVID-19 on the Company is constantly evolving. The direct impact to our operations had begun to take effect at the close of
the first quarter ended March 31, 2020. Specifically, our business was impacted by dining bans targeted at restaurants to reduce the
size of public gatherings. Such bans precluded our single serve products from being served at those establishments for a number of weeks,
and in some instances, resulted in abandoned product launches. Furthermore, many school districts closed regular attendance for a period
of time thereby disrupting sales of product into that channel. More recently, we have experienced a disruption in the supply chain for
manufacturing our products due to COVID-19. The developments surrounding COVID-19 remain fluid and dynamic, and consequently, will require
the Company to continue to monitor news headlines from government and health officials, as well as the business community. 

In
each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company was granted a 568,000 loan under the PPP administered by a Small Business
Administration (SBA) approved partner. The loans were forgiven, and the Company recorded a gain of 1,136,000 upon being legally released
from the loan obligations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of 1,282,051 shares of its common stock at 4.68 per share, resulting in gross
proceeds of 6,000,000. In addition, holders of debt converted a total of 399,000 in principal and 234,000 in interest into 133,991
shares of common stock and debt in the amount of 840,000 was retired, leaving the Company with no debt. 

We
have entered into a direct lease covering the period April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2023. The aggregate minimum requirements under the
non-cancellable direct lease as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 20,000. The Company extended its lease through June 2023
while management evaluates options for renewal or relocation. 

Our
liquidity needs will depend on how quickly we are able to profitably ramp up sales, as well as our ability to control and reduce variable
operating expenses, and to continue to control and reduce fixed overhead expense. Our recent business developments with the Manufacturer
impact our supply chain and will result in increased legal cost and are expected to have a negative impact on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flow. 

Our
operations to date have been financed by the sale of securities, the issuance of convertible debt and the issuance of short-term debt,
including related party advances. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations with the capital raised we will be
required to raise additional funds either in the form of equity or in the form of debt. There are no assurances that we will be able
to generate the necessary capital to carry out our current plan of operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to stockholders. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

20 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are included beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15 for a list
of the consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to inadequate segregation of duties. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the Company. 

Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework
used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
has identified the following material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: 

Management
has concluded that there is a material weakness due to the control environment. The control environment is impacted due to the Company s
inadequate segregation of duties, including information technology control activities. 

Since
the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify material weaknesses, management considers
its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective. 

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect
material misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of
changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. 

21 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weakness and enhance our internal control over financial reporting, we have hired additional
financial personnel to help ensure that we are able to properly implement internal control procedures. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that
section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

None 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None 

22 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Information
required by this Item regarding our directors and executive officers, corporate governance, including our audit committee and code of
ethics, and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement to be filed with the
SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Information
required by this Item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Information required by this Item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Information required by this item regarding securities authorized for issuance
under our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Executive Compensation 
in our Proxy Statement. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Information
required by this Item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Information
required by this Item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 

23 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements. 

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above. 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BARFRESH
 FOOD GROUP INC. 

Date:
 March 2, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Riccardo Delle Coste 

Riccardo
 Delle Coste 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Riccardo Delle Coste 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Riccardo
 Delle Coste 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/ Lisa
 Roger 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Lisa
 Roger 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/ Steven
 Lang 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Lang 

/s/ Arnold
 Tinter 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Arnold
 Tinter 

/s/ Joseph
 M. Cugine 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 M. Cugine 

/s/
 Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Isabelle
 Ortiz-Cochet 

/s/ Alexander
 Ware 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Alexander
 Ware 

/s/
 Justin Borus 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2, 2023 
 
 Justin
 Borus 

25 

Exhibit
Index 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 25, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-168738) as filed August 11, 2010) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed August 4, 2014) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 13, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17, 2012) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Smoothie Holdings Inc. dated February 16, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17, 2012) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Barfresh Food Group Inc. dated December 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed December 29, 2021) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Barfresh Food Group Inc. dated August 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed August 2, 2022) 

4.1

Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as filed April 13, 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series O Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as filed April 13, 2020) 

10.1

Barfresh Food Group, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7, 2015)+ 

10.2 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie, Inc. and Riccardo Delle Coste dated April 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7, 2015)+ 

10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 15, 2020 by and between Barfresh Food Group, Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed April 13, 2020) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed April 13 2020) 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance. 
 
 101.XSD 
 
 XBRL
 Schema. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Presentation. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Calculation. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Definition. 
 
 101.LAB 
 104 
 
 XBRL
 Label. 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 
 
 + 
 
 Compensatory
 plan 

In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and not filed. 

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

26 

Barfresh
Food Group Inc. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Eide Bailly LLP, Denver, Colorado, PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Barfresh
Food Group, Inc. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barfresh Food Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations ,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Barfresh Food Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Barfresh Food Group, Inc. in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Barfresh Food Group Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Estimated Product Return Allowance 

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, in 2022 the Company experienced product quality issues stemming from a single co-manufacturer, resulting in customer complaints and product
returns. The Company has an estimated product return allowance of 330,000 and total product returns reducing revenue of 493,000,
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The determination of the estimated product return allowance requires management to
make significant estimates and assumptions related to estimating product returns that will occur in 2023 relating to 2022 product
sales. 

We identified the estimated
product return allowance as a critical audit matter. Auditing the judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment
due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter
included: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and methodology to develop the estimates. 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the internal controls relating to the methodology, reliability and accuracy
of the information used in the calculation and management s review and approval for the transactions. 
 
 We examined communications with distributors. 
 
 We tested product returns in 2022. 
 
 We evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the information provided and reasonableness of the
 inputs and assumptions used by management in developing the estimate. 
 
 We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures related to the estimate. 

/s/

We
have served as Barfresh Food Group Inc. s auditor since 2012. 

March
2, 2023 

F- 2 

Barfresh
Food Group Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net of depreciation 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net of amortization 

Deposits 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Disputed co-manufacturer accounts payable (Notes 1, 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and employee related 

Lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Barfresh Food Group Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, marketing and distribution 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income)/expenses 

Gain from derivative liability 
 - 

Gain from debt extinguishment - Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Interest 
 - 

Total other income 
 - 

Net loss 

Per share information - basic and fully diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Net loss per share 

See the accompanying notes
to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Barfresh
Food Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

Issuance of stock for capital raise 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest paid in shares 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of stock and options for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Equity based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Shares issued for warrant exercise 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Equity based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of stock and options for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Barfresh Food Group Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Asset impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock and options issued for services 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Interest expense related to debt discount 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment - Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Gain on derivative 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Disputed accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Advanced payments 
 - 

Accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of stock 

Proceeds from note payable 
 - 

Repayment of convertible notes 
 - 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash, end of year 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Barfresh
food Group Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and of the Company s products in the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under a Supply Agreement with an initial term through September 2025. 

Over
the course of 2022, the Company experienced numerous quality issues with the case packaging utilized by the Manufacturer. In
addition, in July of 2022, the Company began receiving customer complaints about the texture of the Company s smoothie
products produced by the Manufacturer. In response, the Company withdrew product from the market and destroyed on-hand inventory,
withholding 
in payments due to the Manufacturer. The results reflect the estimated accounting impact of such actions, including an estimated
product return allowance of 
and total product returns reducing revenue by 
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 
in cost of revenue to dispose of unsaleable inventory. 

The
Company attempted to resolve the issues based on the contractual procedures described in the Supply Agreement. However, on November 4,
2022, in response to a formal proposal of alternate resolutions, the Company received notification from the Manufacturer that it was
denying any responsibility for the defective manufacture of the product. In response, on November 10, 2022, the Company filed a complaint
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Western Division (the Complaint ), claiming
that the Manufacturer has not met its obligations under the Supply Agreement, and seeking economic damages. In response, the Manufacturer
terminated the Supply Agreement. On January 20, 2023, the Company filed a voluntary dismissal of the Complaint which allows the parties
to reach a potential resolution outside of the court system. However, if the parties are once again unable to come to an agreement, the
Company has the right to refile the Complaint in California State Court. 

Due
to the uncertainties surrounding the claim, the Company is not able to predict either the outcome or a range of reasonably possible recoveries
that could result from its actions against the Manufacturer, and no gain contingencies have been recorded. The disruption in its supply
resulting from the dispute will adversely impact its results of operations and cash flow until a suitable resolution is reached or new
sources of reliable supply at sufficient volume can be identified and developed, the timing of which is uncertain. 

federally insured limit at December 31, 2022 and 2021. However,
we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

and , respectively, in restricted cash related to a contract manufacturing
agreement. 

, and as of
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was 
allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s allowance for doubtful
accounts was .
There was bad debt
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, and of bad debt recoveries recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. The allowance was applied to certain receivable accounts which
are over 95 days. 

related to idle equipment resulting from overcapacity for single-serve products
and equipment that is held at the Manufacturer in 2022. There was no impairment in 2021. 

years 
 
 Manufacturing
 equipment and customer equipment 
 
 years to years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 years 

2) 
 Identify
 the performance obligation in the contract 

Performance
 obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the
 Company, this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages, which provide immediate benefit to the customer. 

3) 
 Determine
 the transaction price 

The
 transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods
 and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration, which typically includes rebates or discounts, are estimated
 utilizing the most likely amount method. Provisions for refunds are generally provided for in the period the related sales are recorded, based on management s
assessment of historical and projected trends. 

4) 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 
 
 Since
 the Company s contracts contain a single performance obligation, delivery of frozen beverages, the transaction price is allocated
 to that single performance obligation. 

5) 
 Recognize
 revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

The
 Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods,
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or
 discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfilment
 costs and presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. 
 
 Payments
 that are received before performance obligations are recorded are shown as current liabilities. 

The
 Company evaluated the requirement to disaggregate revenue and concluded that substantially all of its revenue comes from a single
 product, frozen beverages. 

and , in research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements,
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more than likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

on extinguishment of debt in its statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2021. There were debt extinguishments in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Reclassifications 

Certain
reclassifications have been made to the 2021 financial statements to conform to the 2022 presentation, namely the presentation of selling
and marketing expense apart from general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Finished goods 

Inventory, net 

Other property 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment 

Equipment not yet placed in service 
 - 

Property and equipment, net of depreciation 

We
recorded depreciation expense related to these assets of 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense in cost of revenue was 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Patent costs, net 

Trademarks, not subject to amortization 

Total 

The
amounts carried on the balance sheet represent cost to acquire, legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the
Company. Amortization is calculated through the expiration date of the patent. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the
patent costs was for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Intangible asset, net of amortization 

loan which was to mature in . On January 27, 2021, the Company was granted a
second loan which was to mature in . 

On
May 20, 2021 and December 22, 2021, respectively, the loans were legally released and forgiven by the SBA. Loan forgiveness income of
 has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of common
stock in exchange for related party) and related party) in principal and interest, respectively,
and repaying related party) in cash. Additionally, the Company settled all remaining amounts due under Milestone II
Convertible Notes by issuing shares of common stock in exchange for and of principal and interest, respectively.
In accordance with ASC 470-50, the Company recorded a loss of upon extinguishment of the Milestone I and Milestone II Convertible
Notes. 

,
which resulted in a gain of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Volatility (based on comparable company) 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative upon debt settlement 

Net gain from change in fair value 

Fair value, December 31, 2021 
 - 

. The Company incurred lease expense
of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the right of use asset and related
liability were and , respectively. 

In
determining the present value of our operating lease right-of-use asset and liability, we used a discount rate (which approximates
our borrowing rate). The remaining term on the lease is years. The Company expects to extend the lease on a short-term basis. 

Legal
Proceedings 

As
described in Note 1, the Company has an on-going dispute with the Manufacturer, the outcome of which cannot be predicted at this time. 

From
time to time, various lawsuits and legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to
inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are
currently the defendant in one legal proceeding for an amount less than . Our legal counsel and management believe a material
unfavorable outcome to be remote. 

shares of its common stock at per share, resulting in gross
proceeds of . 

In
2021, holders of debt converted a total of in principal and in interest into shares of common stock, and debt
in the amount of was retired (Note 7). 

In
2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued between - per share, for services rendered. 

In
2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from - (weighted
average in exchange for services rendered. 

In
2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued between - per share, for services rendered. Additionally,
 fully vested shares of common stock were granted and issued for equity-based compensation at a value of per share. 

In
2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock due to the exercise of a warrant at an exercise price of . 

Warrants

Issued 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Private placement of notes 

- 
 
 Settlement of deferred compensation 

- 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

Under
the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), the Company has reserved shares for equity incentive awards for
issuance to employees, members of the board of directors and other service providers. Awards may take the form of options, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and stock appreciation rights. The Company has issued options with no intrinsic value,
stock awards and stock units through December 31, 2022, and issues new shares upon exercise of options or vesting of stock awards and
stock units. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for the issuance of awards under the 2015 Plan. The Company
has reserved approximately shares for equity awards issued outside of the 2015 Plan. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
total amount of equity-based compensation included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested options, stock
awards and stock units, which is expected to be amortized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 

Stock
Options 

Issued 

Cancelled/expired 

Outstanding on December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Cancelled/expired 

Outstanding on December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 
 
- 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
- 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share 

Restricted
Stock 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Performance
Stock Units 

During
2022, the Company issued performance share units PSUs that represent shares potentially issuable based upon achievement
of Company and individual performance targets in 2022. The grantees have the ability to earn - of the PSU target award. The awards
also included a time-based service requirement through March 2023. 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

In
February 2023, the awards were modified to pay the original grant-date fair value of the shares expected to vest in cash.
Additionally, the Company performance targets were modified to allow approximately 
shares to vest that would have otherwise been forfeited. As a result of the modifications, the Company expects to record an
additional 
in compensation expense, primarily in 2023. 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

State tax 

Permanent differences 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total Income tax 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets,
 net 
 - 
 - 

ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more than likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive
and negative, management has determined that a and allowance at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
The increase in the valuation allowance for the current period is resulting for current year tax losses. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward to offset future taxable income of approximately ,
 of which begins to expire in 2033. Net operating loss carry forwards of may be carried forward indefinitely.
The Company may have experienced an ownership change that could limit its ability to utilize its operating loss carryforward to offset
taxable income in future years. An analysis will be required to determine whether such change has occurred, the outcome of which could
impact the Company s operating results and cash flow if and when it achieves profitability in taxable jurisdictions. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Non-cash financing and investing activities: 

Net carrying value of convertible notes and accrued interest extinguished through issuance of stock 
 - 

Accrued interest paid in stock 
 - 

Equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liability 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liability 
 - 

and , respectively. The Company
has a history of operating losses and negative cash flow, which were expected to improve with growth, offset by working capital required
to achieve such growth. As described more fully in Note 1, the litigation against the Manufacturer has resulted in uncertainty around
our ability to procure product, which in turn may inhibit our ability to achieve positive cash flow. Additionally, management has considered
that dispute resolution, including litigation, is costly and will require the outlay of cash. 

However,
as of December 31, 2022, we have of cash and restricted cash and even though we have identified certain indicators, these
indicators do not raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. However, we cannot predict,
with certainty, the outcome of its potential actions to generate liquidity, including the availability of additional financing, or whether
such actions would generate the expected liquidity as planned. 

<EX-23.2>
 2
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our report dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Barfresh
Food Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the
Registration Statement of Barfresh Food Group, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264539). 

/s/
 Eide Bailly 

Denver, Colorado 

March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

RULE
13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I,
Riccardo Delle Coste, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

March
2, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Riccardo Delle Coste 

Name: 
 Riccardo
 Delle Coste 

Title: 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

RULE
13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I,
Lisa Roger, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

March
2, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Lisa Roger 

Name: 
 Lisa Roger 

Title: 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Barfresh Food Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Riccardo Delle Coste, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 2, 2023 

/s/
 Riccardo Delle Coste 

Riccardo Delle Coste 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Barfresh Food Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Lisa Roger, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 2, 2023 

/s/
 Lisa Roger 

Lisa Roger 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 brfh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 brfh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 brfh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 brfh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

