<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1398659_0001398659-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21281438</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>463859</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3179651</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7119095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5399121</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4744268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001398659-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301123317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001398659-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		172
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Genpact LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001398659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				980533350
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33626
		FILM NUMBER:		23691983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CANON'S COURT
		STREET 2:		22 VICTORIA STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 12
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4412952244

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CANON'S COURT
		STREET 2:		22 VICTORIA STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 12

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001398659-23-000009.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 g-20221231.htm
 10-K

g-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 
 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive office) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , based on the closing price of the registrant s common shares, par value 0.01 per share, reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date of 42.36 per share. Directors, executive officers and significant shareholders of Genpact Limited are considered affiliates for purposes of this calculation, but should not necessarily be deemed affiliates for any other purpose. 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were common shares of the registrant outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 
 Auditor name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I Item No. 1. Business 
 8 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 2. Properties 
 39 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 PART II 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 6. [ Reserved ] 
 41 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 9B. Other Information 
 65 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 65 
 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 65 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 66 
 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 69 
 SIGNATURES 
 70 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 11 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 

2 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 We have made statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report in, among other sections, Item 1 Business, Item 1A Risk Factors, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking terms such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, could, may, shall, will, would and variations of such words and similar expressions, or the negative of such words or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance, which in some cases may be based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In particular, you should consider the numerous risks outlined under the heading Summary of Risk Factors and Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to: 
 our ability to retain existing clients and contracts; 
 our ability to win new clients and engagements; 
 the expected value of the statements of work under our master service agreements; 
 our beliefs about future trends in our market; 
 political, economic or business conditions in countries where we have operations or where our clients operate, and heightened economic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions; 
 expected spending by existing and prospective clients on the types of services we provide; 
 foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to convert bookings to revenue; 
 our rate of employee attrition; 
 our effective tax rate; and 
 competition in our industry. 
 Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results include, among others: 
 our ability to effectively price our services and maintain our pricing and employee and asset utilization rates; 
 increases in wages in locations in which we have operations; 
 our ability to hire and retain enough qualified employees to support our operations; 
 general inflationary pressures and our ability to share increased costs with our clients; 
 our ability to develop and successfully execute our business strategies; 
 our ability to comply with data protection laws and regulations and to maintain the security and confidentiality of personal and other sensitive data of our clients, employees or others; 
 telecommunications or technology disruptions or breaches, natural or other disasters, or medical epidemics or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 deterioration in the global economic environment and its impact on our clients, including the bankruptcy of our clients; 
 our dependence on favorable policies and tax laws that may be changed or amended in a manner adverse to us or be unavailable to us in the future, including as a result of tax policy changes in India, and our ability to effectively execute our tax planning strategies; 
 our dependence on revenues derived from clients in the United States and Europe and clients that operate in certain industries, such as the financial services and high tech industries; 
 the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including any escalation in the conflict, and future actions that may be taken by the United States and other countries in response; 
 our ability to successfully consummate or integrate strategic acquisitions; 
 our ability to attract and retain clients and our ability to develop and maintain client relationships on attractive terms; 
 our ability to service our defined contribution and benefit plan payment obligations; 
 clarification as to the possible retrospective application of a judicial pronouncement in India regarding our defined contribution and benefit plans payment obligations; 
 our relationship with the General Electric Company ("GE") and our ability to maintain relationships with former GE businesses; 
 3 

financing terms, including changes in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and changes to our credit ratings; 
 our ability to meet our corporate funding needs, pay dividends and service debt, including our ability to comply with the restrictions that apply to our indebtedness that may limit our business activities and investment opportunities; 
 our ability to successfully implement our new enterprise resource planning system; 
 our ability to grow our business and effectively manage growth and international operations while maintaining effective internal controls; 
 restrictions on visas for our employees traveling to North America and Europe; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the currencies in which we transact business; 
 our ability to retain senior management; 
 the selling cycle for our client relationships; 
 legislation in the United States or elsewhere that restricts or adversely affects demand for our services offshore; 
 increasing competition in our industry; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and the intellectual property of others; 
 regulatory, legislative and judicial developments, including the withdrawal of governmental fiscal incentives; 
 the international nature of our business; 
 technological innovation; 
 our ability to derive revenues from new service offerings; and 
 unionization of any of our employees. 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable at the time they are made, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this filing to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Forms 10-Q and Form 8-K reports to the SEC. 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we use the terms Genpact, Company, we and us to refer to Genpact Limited and its subsidiaries. Our registered office is located at Canon's Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda. 
 4 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 Below is a summary of the principal risk factors that make an investment in our common shares risky or speculative. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that we deem less significant may also impair our business. Additional discussion of the risks that we face can be found in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and should be carefully considered, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, before making an investment decision regarding our common shares. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business and Operations 
 
 Our profitability will suffer if we are not able to price appropriately, maintain employee and asset utilization levels and control our costs. 
 Wage increases in the countries where we operate may reduce our profit margin. 
 We may fail to attract and retain enough qualified employees to support our operations. 
 We enter into long-term contracts and fixed price contracts with our clients. Our failure to price these contracts correctly may negatively affect our profitability. 
 Our partnerships, alliances and relationships with third-party suppliers and contractors and other third parties with whom we do business expose us to a variety of risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client, Genpact or employee data from security incidents or cyberattacks. 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to achieve our business strategies, and our results of operations and financial condition may suffer if we are unable to continually develop and successfully execute our strategies. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions and the effects of these conditions on our and our clients businesses and levels of business activity. 
 Our business depends on generating and maintaining ongoing, profitable client demand for our services and solutions, and a significant reduction in such demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially affect our results of operations. 
 Changes in tax rates or tax provisions, adverse tax audits and other proceedings, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation or enforcement could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to claims and lawsuits for substantial damages, including by our clients arising out of disruptions to their businesses or our inadequate performance of services. 
 Recent and future legislation and executive action in the United States and other jurisdictions could significantly affect the ability or willingness of our clients and prospective clients to utilize our services. 
 Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violations of these laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 A substantial portion of our assets, employees and operations are located in India and we are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties in India. 
 Our revenues are highly dependent on clients located in the United States and Europe, as well as on clients that operate in certain industries. 
 We are implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, and challenges with the planning or implementation of the system may impact our internal controls over financial reporting, business and operations. 
 Our results of operations and share price could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 We may face difficulties in providing end-to-end business solutions or delivering complex, large or unique projects for our clients that could cause clients to discontinue their work with us, which in turn could harm our business and our reputation. 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations in various currencies in which we do business, especially the Indian rupee, the euro and the U.S. dollar, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Restrictions on entry or work visas may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 5 

Our senior leadership team is critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could harm our business. 
 We may be unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing on competitive terms. 
 We often face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract as well as long implementation periods that require significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships. 
 We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our operating results may experience significant fluctuations. 
 If we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Some of our contracts contain provisions which, if triggered, could result in lower future revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we do not protect our intellectual property or if our services are found to infringe on the intellectual property of others. 
 We may face difficulties as we expand our operations into countries in which we have no prior operating experience. 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence involving any of the countries in which we or our clients have operations could adversely affect our operations and client confidence. 
 If more stringent labor laws become applicable to us or if our employees unionize, our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 We may engage in strategic transactions that could create risks. 
 We may become subject to taxation as a result of our incorporation in Bermuda or place of management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Economic substance requirements in Bermuda could adversely affect us. 
 We may not be able to realize the entire book value of goodwill and other intangible assets from acquisitions. 
 
 Risks Related to our Shares 
 
 The issuance of additional common shares by us or the sale of our common shares by our employees could dilute our shareholders ownership interest in the Company and could significantly reduce the market price of our common shares. 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare and pay dividends on our common shares, and future determinations to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 We are organized under the laws of Bermuda, and Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to shareholders. 
 The market price for our common shares has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 You may be unable to effect service of process or enforce judgments obtained in the United States or Bermuda against us or our assets in the jurisdictions in which we or our executive officers operate. 
 6 

USE OF TRADEMARKS 
 
 The trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. We have omitted the and designations, as applicable, for the trademarks named in this Annual Report on Form 10-K after their first reference herein. 
 7 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Genpact is a global professional services firm that makes business transformation real. We drive digital-led innovation and run digitally-enabled intelligent operations for our clients, guided by our experience over time running thousands of processes for hundreds of Fortune Global 500 companies. We have over 118,900 employees serving clients in key industry verticals from more than 35 countries. Our 2022 total net revenues were 4.4 billion. 
 In 2022, we continued to invest for long-term growth following a strategy focused on delivering differentiated, domain-led solutions in a focused set of geographies, industry verticals and service lines. During the year, we sharpened our focus on a portfolio of clients who are on significant digital transformation journeys and for whom we believe we can drive meaningful business outcomes. We also continued to invest in our emerging service lines, including supply chain, sales and commercial, and risk, which aim to expand our influence to client buying centers beyond the chief financial officer where we have historically built our strongest relationships. Additionally, we continued to focus on the learning and development of our employees to provide them with the critical skills needed for the future and to build their careers. Over the past several years, our services have evolved from focusing mainly on improving cost and efficiencies to driving meaningful business outcomes for our clients, including growth and better decision-making using our strategic insights. 
 Our approach 
 
 Many of our client solutions are embedded with our Digital Smart Enterprise Processes SM Digital SEPs ), a patented and highly granular approach to recognize the critical factors that dramatically improve business performance to help drive client outcomes. Our Digital SEPs combine Lean Six Sigma methodologies which reduce inefficiency and improve process quality with advanced domain-specific digital technologies, drawing on our industry acumen, our expertise in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and experience-centric principles, and our deep understanding of how businesses run. Digital SEPs test the effectiveness of client processes using best-in-class benchmarks developed by mapping and analyzing millions of client transactions across thousands of end-to-end business processes. In this way, we identify opportunities for improving clients operations by applying our deep process knowledge and process-centric technologies to transform them. 
 
 Genpact Cora , our AI-based platform, integrates our proprietary automation, analytics and AI technologies with those of our strategic partners into a unified offering. It draws insights from our deep domain and operations expertise in our target industries and service lines to create analytics-based solutions that are focused on improving customer and user experience to accelerate clients digital transformations. 
 Domain-led digital transformation 
 
 Industry disruption is pervasive, driven by an explosion in digital technologies, increased use of data and analytics, new competitors, and shifting market dynamics. In this environment, companies need industry-tailored solutions to reimagine their business models end-to-end and adapt to rapid change. 
 
 These organizations seek partners that can improve productivity while creating competitive advantages and driving business outcomes, such as expanded market share, seamless customer experiences, increased revenue, working capital improvement, increased profitability, and minimized risk and loss. We believe our approach to business transformation, enabled through combining our deep industry and process expertise with our advanced skills in digital and analytics, differentiates us from our competitors. 
 
 We partner with clients to show them how new digital solutions can drive business outcomes. We apply user and customer experience principles to our domain expertise and innovative technology to create solutions designed to quickly and aptly meet client objectives. The results can include quick-turnaround proof of concept prototypes that clients can install and test in their own environments. 
 
 We enable domain-led digital transformation for our clients through our Digital Operations Services and Data-Tech-AI Services . 
 
 Digital Operations Services 
 
 Our Digital Operations services embed digital, advanced analytics and cloud-based offerings into our business process outsourcing solutions where we transform and run our clients operations with an aim to achieve higher levels of end-to-end performance. These services allow enterprises to be more flexible and help them focus on high-value work to better compete in their industries. Our Digital Operations solutions also include certain IT services functions, including end-user computing support and infrastructure production support. 
 8 

The ability to organize complex data sets and use analytics to derive actionable insights is increasingly critical to drive business outcomes for our clients. Our Enterprise360 intelligence platform enables our clients to harness the power of data and insights derived from running our clients' operations leveraging proprietary metrics and benchmarks from our Digital SEPs. This platform also uses AI for prescriptive actions to pinpoint transformation opportunities that can unlock operational excellence and growth. 
 Data-Tech-AI Services 
 
 Our Data-Tech-AI services focus on designing and building solutions that harness the power of digital technologies, data and advanced analytics, AI, and cloud-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) offerings to help transform our clients businesses and operations. Using human-centric design, we help clients build new products and services, create digital workspaces, and drive customer, client, employee and partner engagement. 
 Our service offerings 
 
 We offer the following professional services to our clients: 
 
 Core industry operations specific to our chosen industry verticals; and 
 Enterprise Services : CFO advisory, finance and accounting, supply chain, sourcing and procurement, sales and commercial, and environmental, social and governance services. 
 
 Core industry operations 
 
 We help our clients design, transform and run core enterprise operations specific to their industries. On the foundation of our domain expertise embedded in our Digital SEP frameworks, we leverage digital technologies and specialized analytics to power clients' operations. We provide core operations support across all of our chosen industry verticals. 
 
 Enterprise services 
 
 CFO advisory services 
 
 Our CFO advisory services include CFO organization design and set-up, such as CFO target operating model design and working capital improvement solutions; operational finance transformation, such as procure-to-pay optimization and period close optimization; financial planning and analysis transformation, such as planning, budgeting and forecasting transformation, business intelligence systems and advanced visualization tool design and implementation; digital transformation, including design, configuration and implementation of finance IT architecture, intelligent automation, including intelligent workflow orchestration and cloud migrations; analytics solutions, such as data strategy and governance, operational reporting and financial data lake design and implementation; and carve-outs and post-merger integration services, including transactional due diligence. 
 
 Finance and accounting services 
 
 We believe we are one of the world s premier providers of finance and accounting services. Our services in this area include: 
 Accounts payable : document management, invoice processing, approval and resolution management, and travel and expense processing; 
 Invoice-to-cash : customer master data management, credit and contract management, fulfillment, billing, collections, and dispute management services; 
 Record to report : accounting, treasury, tax services, product cost accounting, and closing and reporting, including SEC and regulatory reporting; 
 Financial planning and analysis : budgeting, forecasting, and business performance reporting; and 
 Enterprise risk and compliance : operational risk and controls across a wide range of regulatory environments. 
 
 Supply chain, sourcing and procurement and sales and commercial services 
 
 Supply chain: We offer advisory services, adoption of digital and analytics tools and technology, and services to achieve supply chain resiliency and sustainability across the value chain (plan, source, make, deliver, and after-sales). 
 
 9 

Sourcing and procurement: We offer advisory and other services across the procurement value chain, including direct and indirect strategic sourcing, responsible sourcing, category management, spend analytics, procurement operations and master data management. 
 
 Sales and commercial: We drive growth and experience for our clients by transforming and running the end-to-end sales lifecycle for our clients through services such as campaign management, lead generation, qualification and deductions. We also provide services in the areas of partner management and commercial operations, such as pricing and promotion optimization, and B2B customer experience, including order management, deductions and dispute management. 
 
 Environmental, social and governance services 
 
 We offer a range of solutions to help our clients meet their sustainability objectives, environmental, social and governance (ESG) regulatory requirements or voluntary commitments. Our services in this area include advisory, data management analytics, carbon accounting, responsible sourcing, human rights assessment, sustainability diligence, ESG reporting and limited assurance for ESG reporting. 
 Industries we serve 
 We work with clients across our chosen industry verticals, which represent areas in which we believe we have deep industry acumen. Our chosen industry verticals, described in more detail below, are grouped within our three reportable segments, namely: (1) Financial Services, (2) Consumer and Healthcare, and (3) High Tech and Manufacturing. 
 Organizing our business by industry verticals allows us to leverage our deep domain knowledge specific to our chosen industries and create, replicate and standardize innovative solutions for clients in the same industries. In addition to our professional services, such as CFO advisory, finance and accounting, and supply chain, sourcing and procurement, that are available to clients across our verticals, we offer core industry-specific services to clients in select verticals. These services are embedded where possible with industry-relevant digital and analytics tools that leverage AI and automation to drive enhanced benefits and customer experience. 
 Financial Services 
 Our Financial Services segment covers services we provide to clients in the banking, capital markets and insurance sectors. Our banking and capital markets clients include retail, investment and commercial banks, mortgage lenders, equipment and lease financing providers, fintech companies, payment providers, wealth and asset management firms, broker/dealers, exchanges, auto finance providers, clearing and settlement organizations, renewable energy lenders and other financial services companies. Our core operations services for these clients include retail customer onboarding, customer service, collections, loan and payment operations, customer onboarding, commercial loan servicing, equipment and auto loan servicing, mortgage origination and servicing, compliance services, reporting and monitoring services and wealth management operations support. We provide financial crime and risk management services in areas such as fraud and dispute management, anti-money laundering, transaction monitoring, KYC and due diligence, sanctions screening, negative media monitoring and platform implementation. We also provide end-to-end information technology services, application development and maintenance, cloud hosting, post-trade support, managed services and consulting. 
 Our insurance clients include traditional insurers, brokers, reinsurers and insurtech companies operating across property and casualty, specialty, life, annuity, disability and employee benefits lines of business. Our core operations services for these clients span the lifecycle of insurance processes, including underwriting support, new business processing, policy administration, customer service, claims management, catastrophe modeling and actuarial services. 
 Consumer and Healthcare 
 
 Our Consumer and Healthcare segment covers services we provide to clients in the consumer goods, retail, life sciences and healthcare sectors. Our consumer goods and retail clients include companies in the food and beverage, household goods, consumer health and beauty and apparel industries, as well as grocery chains and general and specialty retailers. The core operations services we provide to these clients include demand generation, sensing and planning, supply chain planning and management, pricing and trade promotion management, deduction recovery, order management, digital commerce, customer experience and risk management. 
 
 Our life sciences and healthcare clients include pharmaceutical, medical technology, medical device and biotechnology companies as well as retail pharmacies, distributors, diagnostic labs, healthcare payers (health insurers) and providers, and pharmacy benefit managers. Our core operations services for life sciences clients include regulatory affairs services, such as lifecycle management, regulatory operations, Chemistry Manufacturing Controls compliance and regulatory information management. Our services for healthcare clients include managing the end-to-end lifecycle of a claim, from claims processing and adjudication to claims recovery and payment integrity. 
 10 

High Tech and Manufacturing 
 
 Our High Tech and Manufacturing segment covers services we provide to clients in the high tech, manufacturing and services sectors. Our clients in the high tech industry vertical include companies in the information and digital technology, software, digital platform, electronics, semiconductor, and enterprise technology sectors. The core operations services we provide to these clients include industry-specific solutions for trust and safety, advertising sales support, data engineering, user experience, AI, machine learning, intelligent automation, order management, supply chain management, digital content management and risk management. 
 
 Our manufacturing and services clients include companies in the aerospace, automotive, energy, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, media, publishing and hospitality sectors. Our core operations solutions for these clients include industry-specific solutions for supply chain management, direct and indirect procurement, logistics services, field services, aftermarket services support, industrial asset optimization and engineering services. 
 Our clients 
 We serve more than 800 clients across many industries and geographies. Our clients include some of the biggest brands in the world, many of which are leaders in their industries, including about one fifth of the Fortune Global 500. 
 Our contracts with clients for Digital Operations services often take the form of a master services agreement ("MSA"), which is a framework agreement that we then supplement with statements of work ("SOWs") or other service level agreements, such as purchase orders or business services agreements ("BSAs"). These SOWs, purchase orders and BSAs cover in more detail the type of work to be performed and the associated amounts to be billed. For our Data-Tech-AI services, we typically enter into software-as-a-service and/or consulting agreements with our clients depending on the scope of the services to be performed. For more about our contracting frameworks, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Net Revenues. 
 Our people 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 118,900 employees working in more than 35 countries. As a talent-led organization, our people are critical to the success of our business. We have created, and constantly reinforce, a culture that emphasizes collaboration, innovation, process improvement, and dedication to our clients. We seek to foster a culture that wins clients, develops leaders and attracts and retains talent who exhibit our core values curiosity, incisiveness and courage who embody and enable our purpose the relentless pursuit of a world that works better for people and who uphold our dedication to integrity consistent with our Code of Conduct, Integrity@Genpact. 
 
 Rewarding and recognizing our talent 
 We aim to create a work environment where every person is inspired to achieve, driven to perform and rewarded for their contributions. We strive to engage and competitively compensate our high-performing talent by providing performance-based promotions and merit-based compensation increases. In 2022, we promoted more than 14,000 of our employees and encouraged employee career growth through our Destination Growth program . We also regularly monitor employee retention levels and continue to enhance our pay-for-performance approach in an effort to retain our top talent. 
 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion 
 We believe that a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion is critical to our business. We believe in equal opportunity for each individual, irrespective of their gender, age, ethnicity, cultural background, race or sexual orientation. Understanding each other s uniqueness, recognizing our differences, respecting varied opinions and accepting various points of view is at the heart of our organization s culture. We promote these values by seeking to maintain inclusive hiring and management practices and ensure that opportunities are equally open to all. 
 We are committed to: 
 Increasing diversity, including gender, racial and ethnic diversity, across all levels of the organization; 
 Recruiting, retaining and advancing talent, including from diverse ethnic and racial backgrounds; and 
 Creating and fostering an inclusive culture where everybody, including our LGBTQ+ employees, feels safe and empowered. 
 
 Employee development and engagement 
 We are committed to the career development of our employees and making them future-ready, and we strive to engage them with challenging and rewarding career opportunities. Our performance management approach supports our 
 11 

career philosophy by encouraging employees to reflect on their performance, set challenging goals, receive feedback, identify their development needs and find relevant learning and training opportunities. We have also developed a number of leadership development and mentoring programs, including our Global Operations Leadership Development and our Leadership Direct programs for high potential talent and our programs designed to increase gender diversity in our leadership ranks, such as our Pay it Forward and Women s Leadership initiatives. 
 We have also developed a learning framework called Genome that enables our employees to acquire new skills and evolve quickly as industries and technologies change, equipping them with skills that are relevant to their current roles and future aspirations. Genome was designed to shape an adaptive workforce, and its learning strategy was formulated to reskill at scale and be integrated throughout the enterprise. 
 TalentMatch is our talent transformation initiative to match the skills and job aspirations of our employees with existing and future job opportunities we have available. By enabling employees to prepare for their future career aspirations by upskilling and reskilling through Genome, TalentMatch has allowed us to identify talent available for redeployment from one part of our business to another as the needs of our clients change. It improves our employee utilization globally by providing the right talent at the right time for our client engagements. TalentMatch also gives our employees the opportunity to take their careers in their desired directions, thus increasing employee satisfaction, and bolstering our ability to scale the work from anywhere model. 
 Amber , our engagement AI chatbot and employee experience platform, enables transformation of our employee engagement strategy. Amber provides an outlet for unbiased and judgment free conversations for our employees and live predictive people analytics for business and HR leaders. 
 By digitizing how we engage with our employees through Amber, we have increased the scope and frequency of employee feedback and have gained the ability to assess employee engagement and identify trends in employee engagement and satisfaction across the company. 
 In 2022, we also invested in technologies and programs designed to create a better employee experience, with a particular focus on employee well being. 
 Corporate social responsibility 
 Our approach to corporate social responsibility focuses on two new pillars tied to our purpose: Better Access , which reflects our aim to provide the communities in which we operate with better access to heathcare, education and opportunities, and Better Planet , which reflects our aim to inform, educate, and catalyze action on the different facets of the environment and climate change and help make the planet work better for all. 
 We foster a culture of giving and volunteering through several global platforms, projects, and social initiatives. More than 60,000 of our employees have volunteered their time to, among other things, help underprivileged children get better access to education, assist unemployed women in developing job skills, and work on projects to help improve infrastructure and education in the communities in which we work and live. 
 Additionally, in 2022 more than 7,000 of our employees participated in our payroll-based charitable donation programs, and many of our employee volunteers participated in virtual volunteering initiatives such as composting, planting saplings, or eliminating single-use plastic. We are also passionate about working collectively to reduce our carbon footprint. 
 Partnerships and alliances 
 We continue to invest in and expand our strategic alliances with companies whose services and solutions complement ours. Together, we work to enhance our existing solutions or create new offerings to meet market needs. 
 Our alliances generally fall into one of the following categories: 
 
 Strategic, go-to-market partnerships 
 Deal-specific relationships to jointly solve a specific issue for a client 
 Reseller arrangements to provide third party partner software and cloud solutions 
 Digital and other white label embedded technology-based relationships 
 We have three primary types of partners: consulting partners, digital partners, and solution partners. Our digital and solution partnerships aim to nurture relationships with established and emerging players. These potential partners specialize in leading-edge disruptive digital technologies and solutions that we can embed into our offerings or jointly bring to market. 
 12 

Sales and marketing 
 We market our services to both existing and potential clients through our business development team. Like our client portfolio, members of this team are based around the globe. Our business development team focuses both on supporting our strategic client accounts and acquiring new clients. 
 We have designated lead client partners and global relationship managers for each of our strategic client relationships. These business development personnel are supported by industry and capability subject matter experts to ensure our services and solutions best address the needs of our clients. We continuously monitor our client satisfaction levels to ensure that we maintain high service levels using metrics such as the Net Promoter Score. 
 The length of our selling cycle varies depending on the type of engagement. The sales cycle for our advisory and project work is typically much shorter than the sales cycle for a large business process engagement. Our efforts may begin through an existing engagement with a client or in response to our lead generation program, a perceived opportunity, a reference by an existing client, a request for proposal or otherwise. Our teams seek to understand the needs and priorities of our clients as well as the business outcomes our clients desire, and we leverage our combination of capability and industry expertise to create differentiated client solutions. We may expend substantial time and resources in engaging with prospective clients to secure new business. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Net Revenues. 
 As our relationship with a client deepens, the time required to win an engagement for additional services generally declines. In addition, during an engagement as we better understand and experience a client s business and processes, we are able to identify incremental opportunities to deliver greater value for the client, including by leveraging our expanding portfolio of digital capabilities to transform our clients operations. 
 We strive to foster relationships between our senior leadership team and our clients senior management teams. These C-level relationships ensure that both parties are focused on establishing priorities, aligning objectives and driving client value. High-level executive relationships present significant opportunities to increase business from our existing clients. These relationships also provide a forum for gathering feedback on service delivery performance and addressing client concerns. Our governance methodology is designed to ensure that we are well connected at all levels of our clients organizations (executive, management, technology and operations). 
 Significant new business opportunities are reviewed by business leaders, lead client partners and global relationship managers from the applicable industry vertical along with operations personnel and members of our finance department. If they determine that the new business is aligned with our strategic objectives and a good use of our resources, then our business development team is authorized to pursue the opportunity. 
 Global delivery 
 We serve our clients using our global network of more than 80 delivery centers in more than 20 countries. We have delivery centers in Australia, Brazil, Bulgaria, China, Costa Rica, Egypt, Germany, Guatemala, Hungary, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, South Africa, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States. We also have many employees in these and additional countries, such as Canada, Ireland, Singapore, Spain and Turkey, who work with our clients either onsite or virtually, which offers flexibility for both clients and employees. 
 
 With this global network, we are able to manage complex processes around the world. We use different locations for different types of services depending on client needs and the mix of skills and cost of employees at each location. 
 Our global delivery model gives us: 
 multilingual capabilities; 
 access to a larger talent pool; 
 near-shoring as well as off-shoring capabilities to take advantage of time zones; and 
 proximity to our clients through a significant onshore presence. 
 
 We also regularly look for new places to open delivery centers and offices, both in new countries or new cities in countries where we already have a presence. Before we choose a new location, we consider several factors, such as the talent pool, infrastructure, government support, operating costs, and client demand. 
 Service delivery model 
 
 We seek to be a seamless extension of our clients operations. To that end, we developed the Genpact Virtual Captive SM service delivery model, in which we create a virtual extension of our clients teams and environments. Our 
 13 

clients get dedicated employees and management, as well as dedicated infrastructure at our delivery centers. We also train our teams in our clients cultures, processes, and business environments. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The solutions we offer our clients often include a range of proprietary methodologies, software, and reusable knowledge capital. We also develop intellectual property in the course of our business and our agreements with our clients regulate the ownership of such intellectual property. We seek to protect our intellectual property and our brand through various means, including by agreement and applications for patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights and domain names. Some of our intellectual property rights are trade secrets and relate to proprietary business process enhancements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a portfolio of more than 50 patents and pending patent applications globally. Additionally, we have over 200 trademarks registered in various jurisdictions. 
 We often use third-party and client software platforms and systems to provide our services. Our agreements with our clients normally include a license to use the client s proprietary systems to provide our services. Clients authorize us to access and use third party software licenses held by the client so that we may provide our services. 
 It is our practice to enter into agreements with our employees and independent contractors that: 
 ensure that all new intellectual property developed by our employees or independent contractors in the course of their employment or engagement is assigned to us; 
 provide for employees and independent contractors cooperation in intellectual property protection matters even if they no longer work for us; and 
 include a confidentiality undertaking by our employees and independent contractors. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving global market. We have a number of competitors offering services that are the same as or similar to ours. Our competitors include: 
 large multinational service providers, primarily accounting and consulting firms, that provide consulting and other professional services; 
 companies that are primarily business process service providers operating from low-cost countries, most commonly India; 
 companies that are primarily information technology service providers with some business process service capabilities; and 
 smaller, niche service providers that provide services or products in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including digital. 
 We may also face losses or potential losses of business when in-house departments of companies use their own resources rather than engage an outside firm for the types of services and solutions we provide. Our business model is also subject to competitive forces from the advent of novel technology or applications of these technological capabilities made readily available in open-market environments. 
 Our revenues are derived primarily from Fortune Global 500 and Fortune 1000 companies. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our industry include: 
 deep expertise in industry-specific domains and processes; 
 ability to advise clients on how to transform their processes and deliver transformation that drives business value; 
 ability to provide innovative services and products, including digital offerings; 
 ability to consistently add value through digital transformation and continuous process improvement; 
 reputation and client references; 
 contractual terms, including competitive pricing and innovative commercial models; 
 scope of services; 
 quality of products, services and solutions; 
 ability to sustain long-term client relationships; and 
 global reach and scale. 
 14 

Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive basis. 
 Regulation 
 We are subject to regulation in many jurisdictions around the world as a result of the complexity of our operations and services, particularly in the countries where we have operations and where we deliver services. We are also subject to regulation by regional bodies such as the European Union ("EU"). 
 In addition, the terms of our service contracts typically require that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. In some of our service contracts, we are contractually required to comply even if such laws and regulations apply to our clients, but not to us, and sometimes our clients require us to take specific steps intended to make it easier for them to comply with applicable requirements. In some of our service contracts, our clients undertake the responsibility to inform us about laws and regulations that may apply to us in jurisdictions in which they are located. 
 If we fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, we may face restrictions on our ability to provide services, and may also be the subject of civil or criminal actions involving penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our clients generally have the right to terminate our contracts for cause in the event of regulatory failures, subject in some cases to notice periods. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violations of these laws and regulations could harm our business. If we fail to comply with contractual commitments to facilitate our clients compliance, we may be liable for contractual damages, and clients in regulated industries may be less willing to use our services. 
 We are affected by laws and regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EU and its member states, and other countries in which we do business that are intended to limit the impact of outsourcing on employees in those jurisdictions, and occasional changes to laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impose changes that further restrict or discourage offshore outsourcing or otherwise harm our business. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Recent and future legislation and executive action in the United States and other jurisdictions could significantly affect the ability or willingness of our clients and prospective clients to utilize our services. 
 Our collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal health-related and other information is subject to an array of privacy, data security, and data breach notification laws and regulations that change frequently, are inconsistent across the jurisdictions in which we do business, and impose significant compliance costs. In the United States, personal information is subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations relating to privacy, data security, and breach notification, including, for example, the Financial Modernization Act (sometimes referred to as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Communications Act, Electronic Communications Privacy Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act. All fifty U.S. states and the District of Columbia have implemented separate data security and breach notification laws with which we must comply; in addition, some states have strengthened their existing laws. Some courts have become more willing to allow individuals to pursue claims in data breach cases, indicating that it may become easier for consumers to sue companies for data breaches. Related laws and regulations govern our direct marketing activities and our use of personal information for direct marketing, including the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act, Telemarketing Sales Rule, Telephone Consumer Protection Act and rules promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission, and CAN-SPAM Act. In 2018, the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data (CLOUD) Act established new required processes and procedures for handling U.S. law enforcement requests for data that we may store outside of the U.S. In the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) went into effect in May 2018. The GDPR imposes privacy and data security compliance obligations and increased penalties for noncompliance. In particular, the GDPR has introduced numerous privacy-related changes for companies operating in the EU, including greater control for data subjects, increased data portability for EU consumers, data breach notification requirements and increased fines for violations. Additionally, foreign governments outside of the EU are also taking steps to fortify their data privacy laws and regulations. For example, India, as well as some countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America, have either passed data privacy legislation or are considering data protection laws that affect or may affect us. Evolving laws and regulations in India protecting the use of personal information could also impact how we handle vendor and employee data in India. As privacy laws and regulations around the world continue to evolve, these changes could adversely affect our business operations, websites and mobile applications that are accessed by residents in the applicable countries. 
 In the United States, we are either directly subject to, or contractually required to comply or facilitate our clients compliance with, laws and regulations arising out of our work for clients operating there, especially in the area of banking, financial services and insurance, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Service Company Act, the Home Owners Loan Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and 
 15 

regulation by U.S. agencies such as the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit Union Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
 Because of our debt collections work in the United States, we are also regulated by laws such as the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and related regulations. We are currently licensed to engage in debt collection activities in all jurisdictions in the United States where licensing is required. U.S. banking and debt collection laws and their implementing regulations are occasionally amended, and these changes may impose new obligations on us or may change existing obligations. 
 Because of our insurance processing activities in the United States, we are currently licensed as a third-party administrator in 42 states and are regulated by the department of insurance in each such state. In two other states, we qualify for regulatory exemption from licensing based on the insurance processing activities we provide. We also hold entity adjuster licenses in 22 states that require licensing. 
 Certain laws may apply to our content moderation activity, such as laws regulating hate speech on the internet. In the United States, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (the "CDA") shields interactive computer services (e.g., websites, social media platforms) from liability for the speech of their users, with certain exceptions. The law also shields interactive computer services from civil liability for a good faith action voluntarily taken to restrict access to or availability of content that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected. Section 230 of the CDA and other laws related to hate speech on the internet are currently the topic of significant debate. We expect that these laws will continue to evolve and change over time. Changes to the laws and regulations governing liability for speech on the internet may affect the business strategies and offerings of our clients, which may significantly change their approach to content moderation, and which, in turn, could reduce the market for our trust and safety related services. 
 In the United States, we are subject to laws and regulations governing foreign trade, such as export control, customs and sanctions regulations maintained by government bodies such as the Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security, the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the Homeland Security Department s Bureau of Customs and Border Protection. Other jurisdictions, such as the EU, also maintain similar laws and regulations that apply to some of our operations. 
 Several of our service delivery centers, primarily located in China, Costa Rica, India, Israel, Malaysia and the Philippines, benefit from tax incentives or concessional rates provided by local laws and regulations. In addition, certain benefits are also available to us in India as an information technology enabled service (ITES) company under certain Indian state and central laws. These benefits include labor law exemptions, preferential rates for the commercial usage of electricity and incentives related to the export of qualified services. 
 Our hedging activities and currency transfers are restricted by regulations in certain countries, including China, India, the Philippines and Romania. 
 Certain Bermuda Law Considerations 
 As a Bermuda company, we are also subject to regulation in Bermuda. Among other things, we must comply with the provisions of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, as amended, regulating the declaration and payment of dividends and the making of distributions from contributed surplus. We are classified as a non-resident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes by the Bermuda Monetary Authority. Pursuant to our non-resident status, we may engage in transactions in currencies other than Bermuda dollars. There are no restrictions on our ability to transfer funds in and out of Bermuda or to pay dividends to United States residents that are holders of our common shares. 
 Under Bermuda law, exempted companies are companies formed for the purpose of conducting business outside Bermuda. As an exempted company, we may not, without a license granted by the Minister of Finance, participate in certain business transactions, including transactions involving Bermuda landholding rights and the carrying on of business of any kind, for which we are not licensed in Bermuda. 
 Bermuda has economic substance requirements pursuant to the Economic Substance Act 2018, as amended, and the regulations proffered thereunder, which require us to have adequate economic substance in Bermuda in relation to certain of our activities. 
 Available Information 
 We file current and periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, at www.sec.gov. We make available free of charge on our website, www.genpact.com, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those 
 16 

reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 Information about our executive officers 
 The following table sets forth information concerning our executive officers as of March 1, 2023: 
 Name Age Position(s) 
 N.V. Tyagarajan 61 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Michael Weiner 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Balkrishan Kalra 53 Senior Vice President, Financial Services and Consumer and Healthcare 
 Piyush Mehta 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Kathryn Stein 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer and Global Business Leader, Enterprise Services and Analytics 
 Heather White 50 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 
 N.V. Tyagarajan has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2011. From February 2009 to June 2011, he was our Chief Operating Officer. From February 2005 to February 2009, he was our Executive Vice President and Head of Sales, Marketing and Business Development. From October 2002 to January 2005, he was Senior Vice President, Quality and Global Operations, for GE s Commercial Equipment Finance division. 
 Michael Weiner has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since August 2021. Before joining Genpact, he was the executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of National General Holdings Corp. from 2010 to 2021. Prior to that, he worked with Ally Financial's GMAC Insurance unit, Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company, Citigroup, KPMG LLP and Bankers Trust Company. 
 Balkrishan Kalra has served as our Senior Vice President and Business Leader for Consumer Goods, Retail and Life Sciences since 2008, has led our Healthcare business since 2016 and in 2020 assumed responsibility for our Banking and Capital Markets businesses. Prior to his current role, he held various roles at Genpact since joining us in 1999. 
 Piyush Mehta has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2005. He has worked for us since 2001, initially as Vice President of Human Resources. 
 Kathryn Stein has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer since December 2016 and has also been responsible for our Enterprise Services business since February 2019 and our Analytics business since March 2022. Prior to joining Genpact, Ms. Stein was at Mercer for six years, most recently as a Partner and Market Business Leader. Before Mercer, she worked with Boston Consulting Group, the Center for Strategic and International Studies and MarketBridge Consulting. Ms. Stein also currently serves as a director of Computer Task Group, Incorporated. 
 Heather White has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since April 2018. Ms. White has been with Genpact since 2005, and prior to her current role she served as our Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Before joining Genpact, she was a corporate attorney in the New York and London offices of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP. 
 17 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to our Business and Operations 
 Our profitability will suffer if we are not able to price appropriately, maintain employee and asset utilization levels and control our costs. 
 Our profitability is largely a function of the efficiency with which we utilize our assets, and in particular our people and delivery centers, and the pricing that we are able to obtain for our services. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments, hire and assimilate new employees, forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforce and manage attrition, and our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other typically non-chargeable activities. The prices we are able to charge for our services are affected by a number of factors, including our clients perceptions of our ability to add value through our services, competition, introduction of new services or products by us or our competitors, our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain revenues from client engagements, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods and general economic and political conditions. Therefore, if we are unable to price appropriately or manage our asset utilization levels, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our profitability is also a function of our ability to control our costs and improve our efficiency. As we increase the number of our employees and grow our business, we may not be able to manage the significantly larger and more geographically diverse workforce that may result and our profitability may decrease or may not improve. New taxes may also be imposed on our services such as sales taxes or service taxes which could affect our competitiveness as well as our profitability. Additionally, we may fail to appropriately estimate our costs in agreeing to provide new or novel services with unique pricing arrangements or service delivery requirements. 
 Wage increases in the countries where we operate may reduce our profit margin. 
 Salaries and related benefits of our employees are our most significant costs. Demand and competition for skilled employees, especially employees with the mix of skills and experience that we need to provide certain of our services, have increased significantly from historical levels. The increased level of demand and competition has resulted in a tight labor market and significant increases in compensation for certain employees, particularly in highly developed markets. As wage levels for skilled employees increase in most of the countries in which we operate because of, among other reasons, the tightening of the labor market and related competition for skilled employees in certain areas, faster economic growth, and increased demand for business process services, wage increases continue to adversely affect our profitability and may continue to adversely affect our profitability in the future to the extent that we are not able to control or share wage increases with our clients. Sharing wage increases may also cause our clients to be less willing to utilize our services. We will attempt to control such costs by seeking to add capacity in locations where we consider wage levels of skilled personnel to be satisfactory, but we may not be successful in doing so. In recent years we have had to increase our wage levels for certain roles significantly in a short period of time, and we may in the future need to increase our wage levels significantly and rapidly in order to attract the quantity and quality of employees that are necessary for us to remain competitive, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We engage independent contractors in various U.S. states in the ordinary course of business. Several U.S. states have enacted legislation that requires businesses to consider individuals to be employees who, under current law in most other U.S. states, would be considered independent contractors. If additional states or the U.S. federal government pass similar legislation, we may be required to modify our hiring plans and associated business model, which may increase our cost of doing business. 
 In addition, in early 2019, the Supreme Court of India clarified that certain allowances paid by an employer to an employee should be included for purposes of calculating provident fund contributions in addition to contributions based on basic wages alone. If this decision is implemented with retrospective application, the amount of the payments that we are required to make at that time to or for the benefit of our employees could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, new labor codes enacted by the Government of India in 2019 will, once made effective, change the definition of wages for purposes of determining employer contributions under the provident fund and other statutory benefit schemes, including the Indian gratuity plan. As a result of this new legislation, our compensation cost in India may increase, which could adversely affect our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may fail to attract and retain enough qualified employees to support our operations. 
 Our industry relies on large numbers of skilled employees, and our success and profitability depend on our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of employees with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our clients. Historically, high employee attrition has been common in our industry. In 2022, our attrition rate for all employees who were employed for a day or more was 35 , an increase from our normalized historical attrition rate in the 
 18 

range of 26 to 28 (excluding 2020, which was an outlier due to the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the labor market). We cannot assure you that we will be able to reduce our level of attrition in the future or even maintain our attrition rate at the 2022 level. If our attrition rate increases beyond the 2022 level or remains above our historical average attrition rate for an extended period, our operating efficiency and productivity may decrease. 
 Competition for qualified employees, particularly in India and the United States, remains high and we expect such competition to continue. We compete for employees not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies. In many locations in which we operate, there is a limited pool of employees who have the mix of skills and experience we need to perform services for our clients. We must hire or reskill, retain and motivate appropriate numbers of skilled employees with diverse experience in order to serve clients across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing changes in demand for our services and new technologies, and continuously innovate to grow our business. If we are unable to hire or retrain our employees to keep pace with the rapid and continuous changes in technology and the industries we serve, we may not be able to innovate quickly enough and fulfill client demand. If our business continues to grow, the number of people we will need to hire will increase. We will also need to increase our hiring if we are not able to maintain our attrition rate through innovative recruiting and retention policies. 
 In 2022, we continued to face increased competition for talent with scarce skills and capabilities in new technologies, and our competitors have directly targeted our employees with these highly sought-after skills and may continue to do so. As a result, we may be unable to cost-effectively hire and retain employees with these market-leading skills, which may cause us to continue to incur increased costs or be unable to fulfill client demand for our services and solutions. Sustained competition for employees, or an increase in competition from the current heightened levels, could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and service our clients, as well as cause us to incur greater personnel expenses and training costs. 
 We enter into long-term contracts and fixed price contracts with our clients. Our failure to price these contracts correctly may negatively affect our profitability. 
 The pricing of our services is usually included in SOWs entered into with our clients, many of which are for terms of two to five years. In certain cases, we have committed to pricing over this period with only limited sharing of risk regarding inflation and currency exchange rates. In addition, we are obligated under some of our contracts to deliver productivity benefits to our clients. If we fail to estimate accurately future wage inflation rates, currency exchange rates or our costs, or if we fail to accurately estimate the productivity benefits we can achieve under a contract, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our SOWs are currently billed on a fixed price basis rather than on a time and materials basis. We may also increase the number of fixed price contracts we perform in the future. Any failure to accurately estimate the resources or time required to complete a fixed price engagement or to maintain the required quality levels or any unexpected increase in the cost to us of employees, office space or technology could expose us to risks associated with cost overruns and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our partnerships, alliances and relationships with third-party suppliers and contractors and other third parties with whom we do business expose us to a variety of risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our partnerships and alliances and our relationships with a variety of third parties, including suppliers, contractors and others, expose us to a variety of risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, and we may not be successful in mitigating such risks. Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our and our clients' needs for products and services, as well as our suppliers ability to deliver sufficient quantities and quality of products and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet commitments for the delivery of our own services. In addition, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our services, including with respect to any third-party components to our services. Any performance failure on the part of our partners or the third parties with whom we do business, or the discontinuance by such third parties or partners of services that we have relied on them to perform for our clients, could delay our performance or require us to engage alternative third parties to perform the services at our cost or to perform them ourselves, any of which could deprive us of potential revenue or adversely impact our profitability. Additionally, our partners, third-party suppliers and contractors and other third parties with whom we do business may not be able to comply with current good business practices or applicable laws or regulatory requirements.Our failure, or the failure of such third parties, to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. 
 19 

We may have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our partners and third parties with whom we do business dedicate to their arrangements with us. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements will depend on our partners or other third parties desire and ability to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. Further, certain of our suppliers, partners and other contractors may decide to discontinue conducting business with us. 
 In addition, we are a party to a number of license agreements with third parties and expect to enter into additional licenses in the future. Our existing licenses impose, and we expect that future licenses will impose, various obligations and restrictions on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations and restrictions, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we might not be able to market any product or service that is covered by these agreements, which could materially adversely affect our business. Termination of these license agreements or reduction or elimination of our licensed rights may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated licenses with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose rights in important intellectual property or technology. 
 Any of the foregoing may prevent us from working with our partners or third parties with whom we do business and could subject us to losses, affect our ability to bring products and services to market, cause us to fail to satisfy our client obligations and harm our reputation. 
 We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client, Genpact or employee data from security incidents or cyberattacks. 
 In providing our services and solutions to clients, we often collect, process and store proprietary, personally identifying or other sensitive or confidential client and other third-party data. In addition, we collect, process and store data regarding our employees and contractors. As a result, we are subject to numerous data protection and privacy laws and regulations designed to protect this information in the countries in which we operate as well as the countries of residence of the persons whose data we process. We have established security measures and internal controls to prevent the inadvertent or intentional exposure or loss of personally identifiable information, and we regularly assess the adequacy of and make improvements to such controls. We have experienced minor data incidents due to the inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees or contractors, though none have had a material impact on our operations or financial results or resulted in any regulatory fines or penalties. However, if any person, including any of our current or former employees or contractors, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our or our clients established controls with respect to client, third-party or Genpact protected data or if we do not adapt to changes in data protection legislation, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. 
 In addition, the products, services and software that we provide to our clients, or the third-party components we use to provide such products, services and software, may contain or introduce cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities to our clients information technology networks, intentionally or unintentionally. Our clients may maintain their own proprietary, sensitive, or confidential information that could be compromised in a cybersecurity attack, or their systems may be disabled or disrupted as a result of such an attack. Our clients, regulators, or other third parties may attempt to hold us liable, through contractual indemnification clauses or directly, for any such losses or damages resulting from such an attack. 
 The threat of incursion into our information systems and technology infrastructure has increased and evolved in recent years with the increasing number and sophistication of third parties who have hacked, attacked, held for ransom or otherwise disrupted or invaded information systems of other companies and misappropriated or disclosed data. We could also be impacted by cyberattacks by nation states or other organizations arising out of geopolitical tensions or conflicts, including, for instance, by Russia or Russian-based actors in connection with the Russia/Ukraine conflict. We may be unable to anticipate the techniques used by threat actors to invade our systems and may not detect when an incursion has occurred or implement adequate preventative and responsive measures. Additionally, in the event of a ransomware or other attack involving data theft and encryption, we could face delays in the recovery of data, or a total loss of data, in the event of a lack of adequate backups and restoration testing. The steps we have taken to protect our information systems and data security may be inadequate. Actual or perceived breaches of our security, whether through breach of our computer systems, systems failure (including due to aged IT systems or infrastructure) or otherwise, could influence the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and as a result our reputation could be harmed and we could lose existing or potential clients. Media or other reports of perceived breaches or weaknesses in our systems, products or networks, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially affect our business. 
 Our clients, suppliers, subcontractors, and other third parties with whom we do business, including in particular cloud service providers and software vendors, generally face similar cybersecurity threats, and we must rely on the safeguards adopted by these parties. If these third parties do not have adequate safeguards or their safeguards fail, it might result in breaches of our systems or applications and unauthorized access to or disclosure of our and our clients 
 20 

confidential data. In addition, we are regularly alerted to vulnerabilities in third-party technology components we use in our business that create vulnerabilities in our environments. We typically are not aware of such vulnerabilities until we receive notice from the third parties who have created the exposure, and our responses to such vulnerabilities may not be adequate or prompt enough to prevent their exploitation. 
 We may also be liable to our clients or others for damages caused by disclosure of confidential information or system failures. Many of our contracts do not limit our potential liability for breaches of confidentiality. We may also be subject to civil actions and criminal prosecution by governments or government agencies for breaches relating to such data. Our insurance coverage or indemnification protections for breaches or mismanagement of such data may not be adequate to cover all costs related to data loss, cybersecurity attacks, or disruptions resulting from such events, or they may not continue to be available on reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims against us and our insurers may disclaim coverage as to any future claims. The impact of these cybersecurity attacks, data losses, and other security breaches cannot be predicted, but any such attack, loss or breach could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our clients, suppliers, subcontractors, or other third parties. Incidents of this type could require significant management attention and resources, could result in the loss of business, regulatory enforcement and financial liability, and could harm our reputation among our clients and the public, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 While we have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls designed to prevent, detect and respond to cyber and other security threats and incidents, such measures cannot guarantee security and may not be successful in preventing security breaches or in their timely detection or effective response. In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to regular incursion attempts from a variety of sources, and we have experienced data security incidents such as inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of data, including as a result of phishing or malware, and other unauthorized access to or use of our systems or those of third parties. To date such incidents have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. However, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future. 
 Additionally, our employees have engaged, and could in the future engage, in fraudulent conduct or conduct that violates our client contracts or our internal controls or policies. The proportion of our workforce working remotely since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic has reduced our ability to enforce physical security controls and monitor employee conduct and has increased the risk that our employees will engage in impermissible conduct, which could give rise to reputational harm and legal liability, and our insurance policies may not cover all claims or indemnify us for all liability to which we are exposed. Our inability to enforce physical security controls and monitor our employees working remotely also increases the risk of data breaches. Measures we have taken in the remote work environment to implement suitable additional controls and educate our employees on the importance of cybersecurity, data loss prevention and related best practices may not prevent data breaches, the occurrence of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to achieve our business strategies, and our results of operations and financial condition may suffer if we are unable to continually develop and successfully execute our strategies. 
 Our future growth, profitability and cash flows largely depend upon our ability to continually develop and successfully execute our business strategies. While we have confidence that our strategic plans reflect opportunities that are appropriate and achievable, the execution of our strategy may not result in long-term growth in revenue or profitability due to a number of factors, including incorrect assumptions, global or local economic conditions, competition, changes in the industries in which we operate, sub-optimal resource allocation or any of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. In pursuit of our growth strategy, we have invested and may continue to invest significant time and resources into developing new product or service offerings and transforming or adapting our salesforce, and these undertakings may fail to yield sufficient return to cover our investments in them. The failure to continually develop and execute optimally on our business strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 We have employees in more than 35 countries and significant operations in more than 20 countries, and these global operations could be disrupted at any time by natural or other disasters, telecommunications failures, power or water shortages, extreme weather conditions (whether as a result of climate change or otherwise), medical epidemics or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and other natural or manmade disasters or catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could result in significant losses, seriously harm our revenue, profitability and financial condition, adversely affect our competitive position, increase our costs and expenses, and require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. 
 21 

In addition, global climate change may result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, cyclones, drought, wildfires, sea-level rise, heavy rains and flooding, and any such disaster or series of disasters in areas where we have a concentration of employees, such as India, could significantly disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our operations could also be disrupted as a result of technological failures, such as electricity or infrastructure breakdowns, including damage to telecommunications cables, computer glitches and electronic viruses, or human-caused events such as protests, riots, labor unrest and cyberattacks. Such events, or any natural or weather-related disaster, could lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our clients, our leadership team s ability to administer and supervise our business or it may cause us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged equipment or delivery centers. Our operations and those of our significant suppliers and distributors could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason, such as those listed above. Even if our operations are unaffected or recover quickly from any such events, if our clients cannot timely resume their own operations due to a catastrophic event, they may reduce or terminate our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We may also be liable to our clients for disruption in service resulting from such damage or destruction. 
 Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of any of the foregoing business disruptions, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. Prolonged disruption of our services would also entitle our clients to terminate their contracts with us. While we currently have commercial liability insurance, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient. Furthermore, we may be unable to secure such insurance coverage at premiums acceptable to us in the future or at all. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions and the effects of these conditions on our and our clients businesses and levels of business activity. 
 Global macroeconomic conditions affect our clients businesses and the markets they serve. Volatile, negative or uncertain economic conditions in our significant markets have in the past undermined and could in the future undermine business confidence in our significant markets or in other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, and cause our clients to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives, or may result in clients reducing, delaying or eliminating spending under existing contracts with us, which would negatively affect our business. Growth in the markets we serve could be at a slow rate, or could stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended period of time. Differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth and contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate and the industries we serve have affected and may in the future affect demand for our services. 
 A material portion of our revenues and profitability is derived from our clients in North America and Europe. Weak demand in these markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, major political events, including the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union, or Brexit, have created uncertainty for businesses such as ours that operate in these markets. For example, there is still no final trade agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union, and the final terms of such an agreement could adversely affect economic conditions in affected markets as well as the stability of global financial markets, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Broader global geopolitical tensions and actions that governments take in response may adversely impact us. For instance, in response to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries in which we operate have imposed and may further impose broad sanctions or other restrictive actions against governmental and other entities in Russia. We do not have employees or operations in Russia or Ukraine, but we have operations in surrounding countries, and we have clients that do business in Russia and Ukraine. Such clients may be adversely affected by the ongoing conflict and related sanctions and other governmental actions, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our revenues from such clients. Additionally, given the global nature of our operations, any protracted conflict or the broader macroeconomic impact of sanctions imposed on Russia could have an adverse impact on our business, profitability, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Ongoing economic volatility and uncertainty and changing demand patterns, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the inflationary period that has followed, affect our business in a number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and resource plans. Economic volatility and uncertainty are particularly challenging because it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 
 22 

Additionally, increased operating costs resulting from recent inflationary pressures, including increases in compensation and other expenses for our employees, have adversely affected our profitability and could continue to do so. Broad-based inflation will also continue to increase the costs of operating our delivery centers, including, in particular, due to rising or volatile energy prices, which have been and may continue to be amplified by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and other geopolitical tensions. We have not been able to, and may in the future be unable to, fully offset these cost increases by raising prices for our services, particularly because our client agreements generally fix our pricing for periods of time. This has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in downward pressure on our gross margins and operating income. Further, our clients may choose to reduce their business with us or cancel, defer or delay projects if we increase our pricing. If we are unable to successfully adjust pricing, reduce costs or implement other countermeasures, our profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on generating and maintaining ongoing, profitable client demand for our services and solutions, and a significant reduction in such demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially affect our results of operations. 
 Our revenue and profitability depend on the demand for our services and solutions with favorable margins, which could be negatively affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients. Examples of areas of significant change include digital- and cloud-related offerings, which are continually evolving as developments such as AI, automation, Internet of Things and as-a-service solutions are commercialized. Technological developments such as these may materially affect the cost and use of technology by our clients and, in the case of as-a-service solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. Some of these technologies, such as cloud-based services, AI and automation, and others that may emerge, have reduced and replaced some of our historical services and solutions and may continue to do so in the future. This has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and engagements and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. Such delays can negatively impact our results of operations if the pace and level of spending on new technologies is not sufficient to make up any shortfall. 
 Additionally, in recent years, as a result of a number of factors, including changing client preferences, an increase in Data-Tech-AI services and economic pressures that can cause delays or reductions in client purchasing decisions, the percentage of our revenues from consulting and other short-cycle engagements has increased. The increased share of our revenues derived from these engagements makes business forecasting more complex given that they are for services that are more discretionary and non-recurring than our traditional services. Our contracts for consulting and other short-cycle engagements typically permit our clients to terminate the agreement with less notice than is required under our longer-term contracts for our Digital Operations services and without paying termination fees. Our failure to properly manage these shorter-cycle engagements could adversely affect our business, growth strategy and results of operations. 
 Developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new services and solutions. If, as a result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new services and solutions, we may be less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that demand. Our growth strategy focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation that will enable us to expand our business into new growth areas. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt to industry developments, or evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments and successfully drive innovation, our services and solutions, results of operations, and ability to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute on our growth strategy could be negatively affected. 
 Companies in the industries we serve sometimes seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. If one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for the services and solutions we offer, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work if we are not successful in generating new opportunities from the merger or consolidation. 
 Changes in our tax rates or tax provisions, adverse tax audits and other proceedings, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation or enforcement could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in numerous foreign jurisdictions, notably in India where we have substantial operations. Our provision for income taxes, actual tax expense and tax liability could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including lower income before taxes generated in countries with lower tax rates, higher income generated in countries with higher tax rates, changes in tax laws and regulations or in the interpretation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, changes in applicable income tax treaties, changes in accounting principles or 
 23 

interpretations thereof or in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the elimination or expiration of certain tax concessions, exemptions or holidays that had reduced our tax liability, and adverse outcomes of tax examinations or tax-related litigation, including a determination by any tax authority that our transfer prices are not appropriate or that our intercompany transactions should be characterized differently than we have characterized them. Changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations impacting our business, and their interpretation and enforcement, have become more unpredictable in recent years and could result in unexpected and unfavorable outcomes. Additionally, changes in tax laws proposed by the Biden administration, if enacted, could negatively impact our effective tax rate. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. 
 We are subject to examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax authorities around the world, notably in India where we have substantial operations. Tax authorities have disagreed in the past, and may in the future disagree, with our tax positions, and particularly in India are increasingly taking aggressive stances opposing the tax positions we take, including with respect to our intercompany transactions. Negative outcomes from those examinations or any appeals therefrom may adversely affect our provision for income taxes and tax liability, and the amounts we are ultimately required to pay could be materially different from the amounts we anticipated, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. 
 We are currently subject to several tax audits by the Indian tax authorities ITA related to intercompany transactions that occurred in 2009, 2013 and 2015. In each of 2014, 2016, 2019 and 2022, the ITA issued assessment orders seeking to impose tax on us in relation to such transactions. We have received demands for potential tax claims related to these orders in an aggregate amount of 229 million (converted from Indian rupees and including interest through the date of the orders). We do not believe that any of the transactions giving rise to these demands were subject to tax in India under applicable law. To date, we have received favorable orders from appellate judicial authorities in India relating to 120 million of the 229 million demanded in the assessment orders, and we continue to defend against the remaining 109 million in demands. Additionally, in the first quarter of 2023, the ITA issued an assessment order seeking to impose tax on us of 865 million (converted from Indian rupees and including interest through the date of the order) in relation to a 2015 internal restructuring transaction involving our Indian subsidiaries. We have recently appealed this assessment order, which we believe is without merit and not enforceable under applicable law. 
 We have appealed all of the outstanding orders from the ITA and have not provided a reserve for the related exposures, which would be material. Although we have received favorable orders as to certain of the ITA s demands, and have appealed others, we may ultimately not prevail in some or all of these matters. In the event we do not prevail in these matters, the total amounts owed in connection with these demands would be material and subject to additional interest accrued over the period since the demands were made, and the amount of this additional interest also would be material. A final determination of tax in the amounts claimed by the ITA would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. See Note 26 Commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information relating to these matters. 
 Additionally, in 2012, the Government of India appealed a 2011 ruling by the Delhi High Court that Genpact India Private Limited (one of our subsidiaries) cannot be held to be a representative assessee of GE in connection with an assertion that GE has tax liability in India by reason of a 2004 transfer of shares of our predecessor company. We believe that, if the Government of India is successful in its appeal, GE would be obligated to indemnify us for any resulting tax, though there can be no assurance as to the outcome of this matter. 
 Effective July 1, 2017, a Goods and Services Tax GST was introduced in India, replacing an existing service tax regime and multiple similar indirect taxes. The implementation of the GST continues to evolve, with the Government of India introducing regular amendments and issuing clarifications. In the second quarter of 2020, the ITA began challenging certain of our GST and service tax refunds in certain Indian states. We had requested these refunds pursuant to the tax exemption available for exports under service tax and GST regimes in respect of services performed by us in India for affiliates and clients outside of India. The ITA have also initiated proceedings to examine the availability of the tax exemption claimed in respect of export of services under the service tax regime that preceded the current GST regime. In denying the refunds and initiating these proceedings, the ITA has taken the position that the services we provide are local services, which interpretation, if correct, would make the service tax and GST exemptions we have claimed on exports unavailable to us in respect of such services. We believe that the denial of the service tax and GST exemptions is incorrect, and we have filed appeals before relevant appellate authorities. The Government of India has issued a clarification which supports our position and in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Punjab and Haryana High Court ruled in our favor in respect of our appeal of the ITA s refund denial related to one period. Our appeals of the refund rejections for some of the other periods have recently been decided with directions to follow the High Court's order, while others are still pending at the administrative level, which we believe should also be decided on similar lines. Nonetheless, the ITA may appeal the order of the High Court to the Supreme Court of India and there can be no assurance that we will ultimately prevail in this matter. If it is finally determined that we do not qualify for the service tax and GST exemptions on the 
 24 

services we provide in India for clients located outside of India, we could be subject to additional tax on all of such services at a rate of 18 . The imposition of this additional tax on a significant percentage of the services we perform or have performed in India would likely have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows and could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, there is growing pressure in many jurisdictions, including the United States, and from multinational organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or the OECD, and the EU to amend existing international tax rules in order to render them more responsive to current global business practices. For example, the OECD has published a package of measures for reform of the international tax rules as a product of its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or the BEPS, initiative, which was endorsed by the G20 finance ministers. The new global tax framework is a two-pillar plan. The plan proposes the reallocation of global profits of large multinational companies to market jurisdictions, as well as the introduction of a global minimum tax. Many of the package s proposed measures require amendments to the domestic tax legislation of various jurisdictions. Separately, the EU is asserting that a number of country-specific favorable tax regimes and rulings in certain member states may violate, or have violated, EU law, and may require rebates of some or all of the associated tax benefits to be paid by benefited taxpayers in particular cases. The EU recently proposed and adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives which require EU member states to implement measures to prohibit tax avoidance practices. 
 In addition, in December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act became law in the U.S., bringing about far-ranging changes to the existing corporate tax system. The Tax Act requires complex computations not previously required. As regulations and guidance evolve with respect to the Tax Act, our results may differ from previous estimates and our tax liabilities may materially increase. See Recent and future legislation and executive action in the United States and other jurisdictions could significantly affect the ability or willingness of our clients and prospective clients to utilize our services below in this Risk Factors section. 
 The global tax environment is increasingly complex and uncertain. Although we monitor these developments, it is very difficult to assess to what extent changes and other proposals, if enacted, may be implemented in India, the United States and other jurisdictions in which we conduct our business or may impact the way in which we conduct our business or our effective tax rate due to their unpredictability and interdependency. As these and other tax laws and related regulations and practices change, those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, effective tax rate and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to claims and lawsuits for substantial damages, including by our clients arising out of disruptions to their businesses or our inadequate performance of services. 
 We depend in large part on our relationships with clients and our reputation for high-quality services to generate revenue and secure future engagements. Most of our service contracts with clients contain service level and performance requirements, including requirements relating to the quality of our services. Failure to consistently meet service requirements of a client, whether due to: (a) natural or other disasters, telecommunications failures, power or water shortages, extreme weather conditions (whether as a result of climate change or otherwise), medical epidemics, pandemics or other contagious diseases (such as COVID-19) or other natural or manmade disasters or catastrophic events; (b) breach of or incursion into our computer systems (for example, through a ransomware attack); (c) other systems failure, including due to aged IT systems or infrastructure; or (d) errors made by our employees in the course of delivering services to our clients could disrupt the client s business and result in a reduction in our revenues, clients terminating their business relationships with us and/or a claim for damages against us. Additionally, we could incur liability if a process we manage for a client were to result in internal control failures or impair our client s ability to comply with its own internal control requirements. 
 We are also subject to actual and potential claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings outside of errors and omissions claims. For example, we engage in trust and safety services on behalf of clients, including content moderation, which could have a negative impact on our employees performing such services due to the nature of the materials they review. These types of services have been the subject of negative media coverage as well as litigation, and we may face adverse judgments or settlements or damage to our brand or reputation as a result of our provision of these services. 
 Under our MSAs with our clients, our liability for breach of our obligations is generally limited to actual damages suffered by the client and is typically capped at an agreed amount. These limitations and caps on liability may be unenforceable or otherwise may not protect us from liability for damages. In addition, certain liabilities, such as claims of third parties for which we may be required to indemnify our clients or liability for breaches of confidentiality, are generally not limited under those agreements. Our MSAs are governed by laws of multiple jurisdictions, therefore the interpretation of such provisions, and the availability of defenses to us, may vary, which may contribute to the uncertainty as to the scope of our potential liability. Although we have commercial general liability insurance coverage, the coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims and our insurers may disclaim coverage as to any future claims. 
 25 

The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. It is also possible that future results of operations or cash flows for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable resolution of these matters. In addition, these matters divert management and personnel resources away from operating our business. Even if we do not experience significant monetary costs, there may be adverse publicity or social media attention associated with these matters that could result in reputational harm, either to us directly or to the industries or geographies we operate in, that may materially adversely affect our business, client or employee relationships. Further, defending against these claims can involve potentially significant costs, including legal defense costs. 
 Recent and future legislation and executive action in the United States and other jurisdictions could significantly affect the ability or willingness of our clients and prospective clients to utilize our services. 
 In the United States, federal and state measures aimed at limiting or restricting, or requiring disclosure of offshore outsourcing have been occasionally proposed and enacted. In addition, public figures in the United States have from time to time suggested that U.S. businesses be subjected to tax or other adverse consequences for outsourcing, with incentives for returning outsourced operations to the United States, although it is not known what specific measures might be proposed or how they would be implemented and enforced, or whether emerging or enacted tax reform or other near-term Congressional action will affect companies outsourcing practices. There can be no assurance that pending or future legislation or executive action in the United States that would significantly adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition will not be enacted. 
 Certain U.S. states have passed or are considering privacy legislation that may impact our business. The California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA imposes many requirements on businesses that process the personal information of California residents. Many of the CCPA s requirements are similar to those found in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the EU, including requiring businesses to provide notice to data subjects regarding the information collected about them and how such information is used and shared, providing data subjects the right to opt-out of sales of their personal information and to access to and, in some cases, request the erasure of their personal information. The CCPA contains significant penalties for companies that violate its requirements. The California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, expanded the CCPA to incorporate additional GDPR-like provisions including requiring that the use, retention, and sharing of personal information of California residents be reasonably necessary and proportionate to the purposes of collection or processing, granting additional protections for sensitive personal information, and requiring greater disclosures related to notice to residents regarding retention of information. The CPRA also created a new enforcement agency the California Privacy Protection Agency whose sole responsibility is to enforce the CPRA, which will further increase compliance risk. The provisions in the CPRA may apply to some of our business activities. In addition, other states, including Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut have passed state privacy laws. Virginia s privacy law also went into effect on January 1, 2023, and the laws in the other three states will go into effect later in 2023. Other states may consider such laws in the future, and a federal privacy law has been proposed in the U.S. Congress. 
 Legislation enacted in certain European jurisdictions and any future legislation in Europe, Japan or any other region or country in which we have clients restricting the performance of business process services from an offshore location or imposing burdens on companies that outsource data processing functions could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, there are unresolved questions about the legal mechanisms for transferring personal data from the EU to other countries. The Court of Justice of the European Union, or the CJEU, has invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, one of the mechanisms that had been used to legitimize the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area, or EEA, to the United States, and has also generated doubt about the legal viability of the standard contractual clauses that have provided an alternative means for such data transfers from the EEA to the United States. EU regulators have adopted revised standard contractual clauses that add requirements for transferring EU personal data to other jurisdictions, which may increase compliance and operational costs and legal risks and liabilities of that data transfer mechanism. In October 2022, U.S. President Biden signed an executive order to implement the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is intended to replace the EU-US Privacy Shield. The European Commission began its approval process in December 2022. It remains unclear whether the framework will be finalized, whether it will be challenged in court, and whether such a court challenge might affect the viability of the new standard contractual clauses). These developments could lead to increased scrutiny on data transfers from the EU to the U.S. generally and could increase our data privacy compliance costs and our costs for implementing privacy and data security arrangements with our vendors and business partners. 
 26 

With the withdrawal of the United Kingdom, or UK, from the EU, known as Brexit, the UK s Data Protection Act 2018 governs the processing of personal data in the UK and imposes obligations comparable to those imposed by the EU s GDPR. We must also navigate cross-border data transfer restrictions in the UK. The European Commission and UK regulators have authorized continued personal data transfers between the EEA and the UK, but the UK has its own rules for regulating personal data transfers to other jurisdictions, such as the United States. The UK recently approved a standard international data transfer agreement, which can serve as a basis for companies to lawfully transfer personal data outside of the UK. These regulatory requirements impose administrative costs and regulatory enforcement risks and remain subject to frequent changes that could disrupt cross-border transfers of personal data. 
 Moreover, legislation enacted in the UK and by many EU countries provides that if a company outsources all or part of its business to a service provider or changes its current service provider, the affected employees of the company or of the previous service provider are entitled to become employees of the new service provider, generally on the same terms and conditions as their original employment. In addition, dismissals of employees who were employed by the company or the previous service provider immediately prior to that outsourcing, if the dismissals resulted solely or principally from the outsourcing, are automatically considered unfair dismissals that entitle such employees to compensation. As a result, to avoid unfair dismissal claims we may have to offer, and become liable for, voluntary redundancy payments to the employees of our clients in the UK and other EU countries who have adopted similar laws who transfer business to us. Additionally, the UK s exit from the EU and the associated changes in trade relations could result in increased costs, delays, and regulatory complexity in our business involving the UK. 
 Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violations of these laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to, or subject to contractual requirements to comply with or facilitate our clients compliance with, numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal regimes on matters such as anticorruption, import/export controls, trade restrictions, taxation, immigration, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, anti-competition, data privacy and protection, wage-and-hour standards, and employment and labor relations. Our clients business operations are also subject to numerous regulations, and our clients may require that we perform our services in compliance with regulations applicable to them or in a manner that will enable them to comply with such regulations. 
 The global nature of our operations increases the difficulty of compliance. Compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. Violations of one or more of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on doing business, breach of contract damages and harm to our reputation. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws may not be well developed or provide sufficiently clear guidance and may be insufficient to protect our rights. 
 In particular, our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of personal health-related and other information is subject to an array of privacy, data security, and data breach notification laws and regulations that change frequently, are inconsistent across the jurisdictions in which we do business, and impose significant compliance costs. Changes in these laws and regulations and inconsistencies in the standards that apply to our business in different jurisdictions may impose significant compliance costs, reduce the efficiency of our operations, and expose us to enforcement risks. 
 In the United States, all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have enacted legislation requiring notice to individuals of security breaches of information involving personally identifiable information. In addition, several U.S. states have enacted data privacy laws that impose varying privacy and data security obligations on companies and grant individuals residing in those states certain rights as data subjects, and legislation has been proposed in several more states. In addition, some states have passed laws imposing increased data security and breach notification obligations on companies operating in the U.S. In the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) imposes privacy and data security compliance obligations and significant penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR presents numerous privacy-related changes for companies operating in the EU, including rights guaranteed to data subjects, requirements for data portability for EU consumers, data breach notification requirements and significant fines for noncompliance. In GDPR enforcement matters, companies have faced fines for violations of certain provisions. Fines can reach as high as 4 of a company s annual total revenue, potentially including the revenue of a company s international affiliates. Additionally, foreign governments outside of the EU are also taking steps to fortify their data privacy laws and regulations. For example, some countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America, including Brazil and Egypt, where we have operations, have implemented or are considering GDPR-like data protection laws. Evolving laws and regulations in India protecting the use of personal information could also impact how we handle vendor and employee data in India and may require us to develop new controls governing the processing of employee data. 
 27 

Given the size and scope of our operations in India, the costs of compliance with Indian data privacy laws, and any fines or penalties for breaches thereof, could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As privacy laws and regulations around the world continue to evolve, these changes and others could adversely affect our business operations, websites and mobile applications that are accessed by residents in the applicable countries. 
 In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate and/or seek to expand, common practices in the local business community might not conform to international business standards and could violate anticorruption laws or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010. Our employees, subcontractors, agents, joint venture partners, the companies we acquire and their employees, subcontractors and agents, and other third parties with which we associate, could take actions that violate policies or procedures designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance or applicable anticorruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations by us, our employees or any of these third parties could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions (whether or not we participated or knew about the actions leading to the violations), including fines or penalties, disgorgement of profits and suspension or disqualification from work, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations and our reputation. 
 Additionally, governmental bodies, investors, clients and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") issues, which has resulted and may in the future continue to result in the adoption of new laws and regulations and changing buying practices. If we fail to keep pace with ESG trends and developments or fail to meet the expectations of our clients and investors, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. We have made public commitments on certain ESG matters, and our disclosures on these matters and any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our commitments could harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships or our recruitment and retention efforts, as well as expose us to potential legal liability. 
 A substantial portion of our assets, employees and operations are located in India and we are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties in India. 
 We are subject to several risks associated with having a substantial portion of our assets, employees and operations located in India. A majority of our employees are based in India and a majority of our services are performed in India, which makes our business particularly sensitive to general economic conditions and economic and fiscal policy changes in India. Various factors, such as changes in the central or state Indian governments, could trigger changes in India s economic liberalization and deregulation policies and disrupt business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. Our ability to continue to leverage the skills and experience of our workforce in India to provide our services at competitive prices depends in part on the stability of the business environment in India, and if the Indian government pursues economic policies that are unfavorable to us or that otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business in India, our competitive advantage may be diminished and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 
 We have historically benefited from many policies of the Government of India and the Indian state governments in the states in which we operate which are designed to promote foreign investment generally and in our industry in particular, including significant fiscal incentives, relaxation of regulatory restrictions, liberalized import and export duties and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriation. However, many of the policies we have benefited from in the past have lapsed or are no longer available to us, and there is no assurance that policies from which we continue to benefit will be available to us in the future. 
 Our revenues are highly dependent on clients located in the United States and Europe, as well as on clients that operate in certain industries. 
 In 2022, more than 70 of our revenues were derived from clients based in North America and more than 15 of our revenues were derived from clients based in Europe. Additionally, more than 25 of our revenues were derived from clients in the financial services and insurance industries. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the inflationary economic environment that has followed it have adversely affected economic activity in the United States and Europe and activity in certain industries in which our clients operate. For example, a number of our largest clients in the United States operate in the high-tech industry. In recent months there have been a number of reports in the media of high-tech companies struggling to maintain or grow their profitability in an increasing interest rate environment and conducting broad layoffs or undertaking other cost cutting measures. If our services are viewed as non-essential or are targeted for consolidation, in-sourcing or replacement as part of cost cutting measures by clients in the high tech or other industries facing macroeconomic pressures, we could be adversely affected. In addition, a number of other factors could adversely affect our ability to do business in the United States or Europe, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 28 

For example, Brexit has created, and continues to create, economic uncertainty given that no final trade agreement has been reached between the UK and EU. We have operations in the UK and a number of countries in the EU and our global operations serve clients with operations in these regions, and as a result our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by such uncertainty and by the terms of any final trade agreement. 
 Any further deterioration in economic activity in the United States or Europe, or in industries in which our clients operate, could adversely affect demand for our services, thus reducing our revenue. Increased regulation, changes in existing regulation or increased government intervention in the industries in which our clients operate may adversely affect growth in such industries and therefore have an adverse impact on our revenues. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, we have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from GE. In the past, GE has divested businesses we served, including a significant portion of its GE Capital business, and we have entered into contracts with several divested GE businesses. GE is in the process of dividing into three independent public companies, and its spin-off of GE Healthcare was completed in January 2023. Any material loss of business from, or failure to maintain relationships with, former GE businesses following the completion of the GE restructuring could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, and challenges with the planning or implementation of the system may impact our internal controls over financial reporting, business and operations. 
 We are in the midst of a multi-year process of implementing a complex new enterprise resource planning system ERP ), which is a major undertaking that will replace most of our existing operating and financial systems. An ERP system is used to maintain financial records, enhance data security and operational functionality and resiliency, and provide timely information to management related to the operation of a business. The ERP implementation will require the integration of the new ERP with existing information systems and business processes. Our ERP planning has required, and the ongoing planning and future implementation of the new ERP will continue to require, investment of significant capital and human resources, requiring the attention of members of our management team. Any deficiencies in the design, or delays or issues encountered in the implementation, of the new ERP could result in significantly greater capital expenditures and employee time and attention than currently contemplated, and could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, file timely reports with the SEC or otherwise affect the proper and efficient operation of our controls. If the system as implemented, or after necessary investments, does not result in our ability to maintain accurate books and records, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. Additionally, conversion from our old system to the new ERP may also cause inefficiencies until the ERP is stabilized and mature. The implementation of our new ERP will require new procedures and many new controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to adequately plan, implement and maintain procedures and controls relating to our ERP, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired and impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. All of the above could result in harm to our reputation or our clients, as well as expose us to regulatory actions or claims, any of which could materially impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 Our results of operations and share price could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls. 
 The accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. We are required to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, sample-based testing, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. Because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, the market price of our common shares and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected. 
 29 

Our industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are breadth and depth of process, technology and domain expertise, service quality, the ability to attract, train and retain qualified people, compliance rigor, global delivery capabilities, price and marketing and sales capabilities. We compete for business with a variety of companies, including large multinational firms that provide consulting, technology and/or business process services, offshore business process service providers in low-cost locations like India, in-house captives of potential clients, software services companies that also provide business process services and accounting firms that also provide consulting or outsourcing services. 
 Some of our competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological or other resources and larger client bases than we do, and may expand their service offerings and compete more effectively for clients and employees than we do. Some of our competitors have more established reputations and client relationships in our markets than we do. In addition, some of our competitors who do not have global delivery capabilities may expand their delivery centers to the countries in which we are located which could result in increased competition for employees and could reduce our competitive advantage. There could also be new competitors that are more powerful as a result of strategic consolidation of smaller competitors or of companies that each provide different services or service different industries. 
 Increased competition may result in lower prices and volumes, higher costs for resources, especially people, and lower profitability. We may not be able to supply clients with services that they deem superior and at competitive prices and we may lose business to our competitors. Any inability to compete effectively would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may face difficulties in providing end-to-end business solutions or delivering complex, large or unique projects for our clients that could cause clients to discontinue their work with us, which in turn could harm our business and our reputation. 
 We continue to expand the nature and scope of our engagements, including by incorporating digital solutions that use social, mobility, big data and cloud-based technologies. Our ability to effectively offer a wide range of business solutions depends on our ability to attract existing or new clients to new service offerings, and the market for our solutions is highly competitive. We cannot be certain that our new service offerings will effectively meet client needs or that we will be able to attract clients to these service offerings. The complexity of our new service offerings, our inexperience in developing or implementing them, and significant competition in the markets for these services may affect our ability to market these services successfully. 
 In addition, the breadth of our existing service offerings continues to result in larger and more complex projects with our clients, which have risks associated with their scope and complexities, including our reliance on alliance partners and other third-party service providers in implementing and delivering these projects. Our failure to deliver services that meet the requirements specified by our clients could result in termination of client contracts, and we could be liable to our clients for significant penalties or damages or suffer reputational harm. Larger projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. These terminations, cancellations or delays may result from factors that have little or nothing to do with the quality of our services, such as the business or financial condition of our clients or the economy generally. Such cancellations or delays make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements and inaccuracies in such resource planning and allocation may have a negative impact on our profitability. 
 From time to time we also enter into agreements that include unique service level delivery requirements or novel pricing arrangements with which we have no experience and that may be unique in the industry. These projects can include performance targets that become more rigorous over the term of the contracts and service delivery components that are partially subjective by design, and we may be unable achieve such targets or to satisfy our clients expectations in delivering such services. Our failure to deliver such engagements to our clients expectations could result in termination of client contracts, and we could be liable to our clients for penalties or damages or suffer reputational harm. We may also discover that we have not priced such engagements appropriately, which could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations in various currencies in which we do business, especially the Indian rupee, the euro and the U.S. dollar, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the remaining amounts largely in euros, UK pounds sterling, the Australian dollar, the Japanese yen and the Indian rupee. Most of our expenses are incurred and paid in Indian rupees, with the remaining amounts largely in U.S. dollars, Chinese renminbi, Romanian lei, euros, UK pounds sterling, Philippine pesos, Japanese yen, Polish zloty, Mexican pesos, Guatemalan quetzals, Hungarian forint, Canadian dollars, South African rand and Australian dollars. As we expand our operations to new countries, we will incur expenses 
 30 

in other currencies. We report our financial results in U.S. dollars. The exchange rates between the Indian rupee, the euro and other currencies in which we incur costs or receive revenues, on the one hand, and the U.S. dollar, on the other hand, have changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Our results of operations have been adversely affected and could be further adversely affected by certain movements in exchange rates, particularly if the Indian rupee or other currencies in which we incur expenses appreciate against the U.S. dollar or if, as has occurred over the past year, the currencies in which we receive revenues, such as the euro, depreciate against the U.S. dollar. Although we take steps to hedge a substantial portion of our foreign currency exposures, there is no assurance that our hedging strategy will be successful or that the hedging markets will have sufficient liquidity or depth for us to implement our strategy in a cost-effective manner. In addition, in some countries, such as India, China, Romania and the Philippines, we are subject to legal restrictions on hedging activities, as well as convertibility of currencies, which limits our ability to use cash generated in one country in another country and could limit our ability to hedge our exposures. Finally, our hedging policies only provide near term protection from exchange rate fluctuations. If the Indian rupee or other currencies in which we incur expenses appreciate against the U.S. dollar, we may have to consider additional means of maintaining profitability, including by increasing pricing, which may or may not be achievable. See also Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Net Revenues Foreign exchange gains (losses), net. 
 Restrictions on entry or work visas may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 A portion of our business depends on the ability of our employees to obtain the necessary visas and work or entry permits to travel to and do business in the countries where our clients and, in some cases, our delivery centers, are located. In recent years, in response to terrorist attacks, the COVID-19 pandemic and related border controls, global unrest and political rhetoric, immigration authorities generally, and those in the United States in particular, have increased the level of scrutiny in granting visas. If pandemic-related restrictions are reimposed, further terrorist attacks occur, global unrest intensifies, or nationalistic political trends continue, then obtaining visas for our personnel may become even more difficult. For instance, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, regular visa services at U.S. consulates globally have been suspended, which resulted in some of our employees facing extensive delays in obtaining work visas, or having been unable to obtain such visas. 
 Local immigration laws may also require us to meet certain other legal requirements as a condition to obtaining or maintaining entry or work visas. Countries where our clients may be located, including the United States, may through legislation or regulation restrict the number of visas or entry permits available. In general, immigration laws are subject to legislative change and varying standards of application and enforcement due to political forces, economic conditions, terrorist attacks or other events. In addition, there is uncertainty with respect to immigration laws and regulations in the United States as the current U.S. President pursues legislation and policy changes to reform U.S. immigration laws and to reverse some immigration policies of the prior administration. Our employment of international personnel in the United States and elsewhere may also be limited by immigration restrictions targeting specific countries. It is not currently known what, if any, visa or travel restrictions might be proposed in the future or how they would be implemented or enforced. 
 Our senior leadership team is critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could harm our business. 
 Our future success substantially depends on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior leadership team. These personnel possess business and technical capabilities that are difficult to replace. Our employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and other members of our executive management team do not obligate them to work for us for any specified period. In the first quarter of 2023, a member of our leadership team left the Company to pursue another opportunity. If we lose other key members of our senior leadership team, we may not be able to effectively manage our current operations or meet ongoing and future business challenges, and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing on competitive terms. 
 In December 2022, we entered into an amended and restated five-year credit agreement with certain financial institutions as lenders which replaced our prior credit facility. The amended and restated credit agreement provides for a 530 million term loan and a 650 million revolving credit facility. The credit agreement obligations are unsecured, and guaranteed by certain subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount due under the credit facility, including the amount utilized under the revolving facility, was 682 million. The credit agreement contains covenants that require maintenance of certain financial ratios, including consolidated leverage and interest coverage ratios, and also, under certain conditions, restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make certain investments, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments, repurchase common shares, undertake certain liquidations, mergers, 
 31 

consolidations and acquisitions and dispose of certain assets or subsidiaries, among other things. If we breach any of these restrictions and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, subject to applicable cure periods the outstanding indebtedness (and any other indebtedness with cross-default provisions) could be declared immediately due and payable, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 On November 18, 2019, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375 senior notes, or the 2024 notes, in an underwritten public offering. As of December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2024 notes, net of debt amortization expense of 1.1 million, was 398.9 million, which is payable on December 1, 2024 when the notes mature. We are required to pay interest on the 2024 notes semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, ending on the maturity date. 
 On March 26, 2021, we issued 350 million aggregate principal amount of 1.75 senior notes, or the 2026 notes, in an underwritten public offering. As of December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2026 notes, net of debt amortization expense of 2.0 million, was 348.0 million, which is payable on April 10, 2026 when the notes mature. We are required to pay interest on the 2026 notes semi-annually in arrears on April 10 and October 10 of each year, ending on the maturity date. 
 The 2024 notes were issued by, and are senior unsecured indebtedness of, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l., our indirect wholly owned subsidiary, and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Genpact Limited and our indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Genpact USA, Inc. The 2026 notes were issued by, and are senior unsecured indebtedness of, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. and Genpact USA, Inc., and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Genpact Limited. The 2024 notes and 2026 notes are subject to certain customary covenants set forth in their respective governing indentures, including limitations on our ability to incur debt secured by liens, engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge, convey or transfer our assets. Upon certain change of control transactions, we would be required to make an offer to repurchase the 2024 notes and the 2026 notes, as applicable, at a price equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The interest rates payable on the 2024 notes and the 2026 notes are subject to adjustment if the credit ratings of the 2024 notes or 2026 notes, as applicable, are downgraded, up to a maximum increase of 2.0 . We may redeem the 2024 notes and 2026 notes at any time in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest or, if redemption occurs prior to, in the case of the 2024 notes, November 1, 2024 and, in the case of the 2026 notes, March 10, 2026, a specified make-whole premium. The 2024 notes and 2026 notes are our senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all our other senior unsecured indebtedness outstanding from time to time. 
 Our indebtedness and related debt service obligations can have negative consequences, requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and capital investment; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to undertake strategic acquisitions; increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, including by reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. We manage only a portion of our interest rate risk related to floating rate indebtedness by entering into interest rate swaps. A portion of our indebtedness, including borrowings under our credit facility, bears interest at variable interest rates primarily based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Accordingly, any adverse change in interest rates due to market conditions or otherwise could increase our cost of funding substantially. 
 We often face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract as well as long implementation periods that require significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships. 
 We often face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract. If we are successful in obtaining an engagement, that is generally followed by a long implementation period in which the services are planned in detail and we demonstrate to a client that we can successfully integrate our processes and resources with their operations. During this time a contract is also negotiated and agreed. There is then a long ramping up period in order to commence providing the services. We typically incur significant business development expenses during the selling cycle. We may not succeed in winning a new client s business, in which case we receive no revenues and may receive no reimbursement for such expenses. Even if we succeed in developing a relationship with a potential new client and begin to plan the services in detail, a potential client may choose a competitor or decide to retain the work in-house prior to the time a final contract is signed. If we enter into a contract with a client, we will typically receive no revenues until implementation actually begins. Our clients may also experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or delays associated with technology or system implementations, thereby further lengthening the implementation cycle. We generally hire new employees to provide services to a new client once a contract is signed. We may face significant difficulties in hiring such employees and incur significant costs associated with these hires before we receive corresponding revenues. 
 32 

If we are not successful in obtaining contractual commitments after the selling cycle, in maintaining contractual commitments after the implementation cycle or in maintaining or reducing the duration of unprofitable initial periods in our contracts, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The application of generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that affect our reported financial condition, and our accompanying disclosure with respect to, among other things, revenue recognition and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience, contractual commitments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. These estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment and are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If our estimates, or the assumptions underlying such estimates, are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates, and we may need to, among other things, adjust revenues or accrue additional charges that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our operating results may experience significant fluctuations. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period. The long selling cycle for many of our services as well as the time required to complete the implementation phases of new contracts makes it difficult to accurately predict the timing of revenues from new clients or new SOWs as well as our costs. In addition, our future revenues, operating margins and profitability may fluctuate as a result of lower demand for our services, lower win rates versus our competition, changes in pricing in response to client demands and competitive pressures, changes to the financial condition of our clients, employee wage levels and utilization rates, changes in foreign exchange rates, including the Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar and the euro versus the U.S. dollar, the timing of collection of accounts receivable, enactment of new taxes, changes in domestic and international income tax rates and regulations, and changes to levels and types of share-based compensation awards and assumptions used to determine the fair value of such awards. As a result of these factors, it is possible that in some future periods, our revenues and operating results may be significantly below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such an event, the price of our common shares would likely be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. We evaluate the financial condition of our clients and usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. We have established allowances for losses of receivables and unbilled services. Actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate, and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. We might not accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. More recently, some of our clients have begun to delay their payments to us in order to take advantage of increased interest rates to earn additional interest income, which has had an adverse impact on our days sales outstanding. If more clients delay payments or if payments are delayed further or for an extended period, our working capital balances and cash management practices could be adversely affected. 
 Macroeconomic conditions, including persistent inflation in the countries in which we do business and have operations, increasing geopolitical tensions, the possibility of an economic downturn globally or regionally, changes in global trade policies and the lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic , could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, including bankruptcy and insolvency. Additionally, cyberattacks on any of our clients could disrupt their internal systems and capability to make payments. The occurrence of any of these events could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. If we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Some of our contracts contain provisions which, if triggered, could result in lower future revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of our contracts allow a client, in certain limited circumstances, to request a benchmark study comparing our pricing and performance with that of an agreed list of other service providers for comparable services. Based on the results of the study and depending on the reasons for any unfavorable variance, we may be required to make improvements in the services we provide or to reduce the pricing for services on a prospective basis to be performed under the remaining term of the contract, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 33 

Some of our contracts contain provisions that would require us to pay penalties to our clients and/or provide our clients with the right to terminate the contract if we do not meet pre-agreed service level requirements. Failure to meet these requirements could result in the payment of significant penalties by us to our clients which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A few of our MSAs provide that during the term of the MSA and under specified circumstances, we may not provide similar services to the competitors of our client. Some of our contracts also provide that, during the term of the contract and for a certain period thereafter ranging from six to 12 months, we may not provide similar services to certain or any of our client s competitors using the same personnel. These restrictions may hamper our ability to compete for and provide services to other clients in the same industry, which may inhibit growth and result in lower future revenues and profitability. 
 Some of our contracts with clients specify that if a change of control of our company occurs during the term of the contract, the client has the right to terminate the contract. These provisions may result in our contracts being terminated if there is such a change in control, resulting in a potential loss of revenues. In addition, these provisions may act as a deterrent to any attempt by a third party to acquire our company. Some of our contracts with clients require that we bear the cost of any sales or withholding taxes or unreimbursed value-added taxes imposed on payments made under those contracts. While the imposition of these taxes is generally minimized under our contracts, changes in law or the interpretation thereof and changes in our internal structure may result in the imposition of these taxes and a reduction in our net revenues. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we do not protect our intellectual property or if our services are found to infringe on the intellectual property of others. 
 Our success depends in part on certain methodologies, practices, tools and technical expertise we utilize in designing, developing, implementing and maintaining applications and other proprietary intellectual property rights. In order to protect our rights in these various intellectual properties, we rely upon a combination of nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements as well as patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws. We also generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, clients and potential clients and limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. India is a member of the Berne Convention, an international intellectual property treaty, and has agreed to recognize protections on intellectual property rights conferred under the laws of other foreign countries, including the laws of the United States. There can be no assurance that the laws, rules, regulations and treaties in effect in the United States, India and the other jurisdictions in which we operate and the contractual and other protective measures we take, are adequate to protect us from misappropriation or unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or that such laws will not change. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our rights, and any such steps may not be successful. Infringement by others of our intellectual property, including the costs of enforcing our intellectual property rights, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, we may not be able to prevent others from using our data and proprietary information to compete with us. Existing trade secret, copyright and trademark laws offer only limited protection. Further, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our data and proprietary information at all. If we have to resort to legal proceedings to enforce our rights, the proceedings could be burdensome, protracted, distracting to management and expensive and could involve a high degree of risk and be unsuccessful. 
 Although we believe that we are not infringing on the intellectual property rights of others, claims may nonetheless be successfully asserted against us in the future. The costs of defending any such claims could be significant, and any successful claim may require us to modify, discontinue or rename any of our services. Any such changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may face difficulties as we expand our operations into countries in which we have no prior operating experience. 
 We intend to continue to expand our global footprint in order to maintain an appropriate cost structure and meet our clients delivery needs. This may involve expanding into countries other than those in which we currently operate. It may involve expanding into less developed countries, which may have less political, social or economic stability and less developed infrastructure and legal systems. As we expand our business into new countries we may encounter regulatory, personnel, technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to start up our operations or become profitable in such countries. This may affect our relationships with our clients and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 34 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence involving any of the countries in which we or our clients have operations could adversely affect our operations and client confidence. 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These events could adversely affect our clients levels of business activity and precipitate sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. For instance, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has created volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets. These events also pose significant risks to our people and to our delivery centers and operations around the world. 
 Southern Asia has from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among neighboring countries, including India and Pakistan. In recent years, military confrontations between India and Pakistan have occurred in the region of Kashmir and along the India/Pakistan border. There have also been incidents in and near India, such as continued terrorist activity around the northern border of India, troop mobilizations along the India/Pakistan border and an aggravated geopolitical situation in the region. In addition, since 2020, there has been a series of conflicts between India and China along their shared border. Although both countries have taken actions to control and de-escalate these conflicts, there can be no assurance that tensions in the area will diminish in the near future. Such military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult. Resulting political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in companies with Indian operations involve a high degree of risk, and that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by companies with Indian operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our share price and/or the market for our services. Furthermore, if India or bordering countries were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that were protracted or involved the threat or use of nuclear weapons, we might not be able to continue our operations. We generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, military conflicts and wars. 
 If more stringent labor laws become applicable to us or if our employees unionize, our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 India has stringent labor legislation that protects employee interests, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Though we are exempt from some of these labor laws at present under exceptions in some states for providers of IT-enabled services, there can be no assurance that such laws will not become applicable to us in the future. If these labor laws become applicable to our employees, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies and attract and employ the numbers of sufficiently qualified candidates that we need or discharge employees, and our compensation expenses may increase significantly. 
 In addition, our employees may in the future form unions. If employees at any of our delivery centers become eligible for union membership, we may be required to raise wage levels or grant other benefits that could result in an increase in our compensation expenses, in which case our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 We may engage in strategic transactions that could create risks. 
 As part of our business strategy, we regularly review potential strategic transactions, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be material. Through the acquisitions we pursue, we may seek opportunities to add to or enhance the services we provide, to enter new industries or expand our client base, or to strengthen our global presence and scale of operations. We have completed numerous acquisitions since our inception. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates in the future for strategic transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. 
 Acquisitions, including completed acquisitions, also pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose clients or employees or could under-perform relative to expectations. We could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution, integration or unknown liabilities. Although we conduct due diligence in connection with our acquisitions, there could be liabilities that we fail to discover, that we inadequately assess or that are not properly disclosed to us. Any material liabilities associated with our acquisitions could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Following the completion of an acquisition, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, to the acquired business for a period of time. There can be no assurance that the seller will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us. 
 35 

We may become subject to taxation as a result of our incorporation in Bermuda or place of management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have received a written assurance from the Bermuda Minister of Finance under The Exempted Undertaking Tax Protection Act 1966 of Bermuda to the effect that if there is enacted in Bermuda any legislation imposing tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, then the imposition of any such tax shall not be applicable to us or to any of our operations or common shares, debentures or other obligations or securities until March 31, 2035, except insofar as such tax applies to persons ordinarily resident in Bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in Bermuda. We cannot assure you that after such date we would not be subject to any such tax. If we were to become subject to taxation in Bermuda or any other jurisdiction as a result of our incorporation in Bermuda, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Economic substance requirements in Bermuda could adversely affect us. 
 Harmful tax practices have become the focus of increased scrutiny from the EU. Following a 2017 assessment by the Code of Conduct Group (Business Taxation), or the COCG, which included Bermuda in a list of jurisdictions required by the EU to address the COCG s concerns relating to the demonstration of economic substance, the Bermuda Government implemented legislation which brought certain substance requirements into force in 2019 for Bermuda entities. Pursuant to the economic substance requirements, core income generating activities carried out by Bermuda companies must be undertaken in Bermuda. To satisfy these requirements, we may be required to conduct additional activities in Bermuda. The substance requirements could be difficult to manage or implement, and compliance with the requirements could be difficult or costly and could have a material adverse effect on us or our operations. 
 We may not be able to realize the entire book value of goodwill and other intangible assets from acquisitions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,684 million of goodwill and 90 million of intangible assets. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired and we monitor for impairment of goodwill relating to all acquisitions and our formation in 2004. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least on an annual basis as of December 31 of each year, based on a number of factors including macro-economic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, business plans and expected future cash flows. Impairment testing of goodwill may also be performed between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of goodwill below its carrying amount. We perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Based on the results of the qualitative assessment, the Company performs the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment if it determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the book value of our goodwill and other intangible assets is impaired, any such impairment would be charged to earnings in the period of impairment. We cannot assure you that any future impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 36 

Risks Related to our Shares 
 The issuance of additional common shares by us or the sale of our common shares by our employees could dilute our shareholders ownership interest in the Company and could significantly reduce the market price of our common shares. 
 Sales of a substantial number of our common shares in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common shares. 
 We have issued a significant number of equity awards under our equity compensation plans. The shares underlying these awards are or, with respect to certain option grants, will be registered on a Form S-8 registration statement. As a result, upon vesting these shares can be freely exercised and sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. The exercise of options and the subsequent sale of the underlying common shares or the sale of common shares upon vesting of other equity awards could cause a decline in our share price. These sales also might make it difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 Certain of our employees, executive officers and directors have entered or may enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans providing for sales of our common shares from time to time. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the employee, director or officer when entering into the plan, without further direction from the employee, officer or director. A Rule 10b5-1 plan may be amended or terminated in some circumstances. Our employees, executive officers and directors may also buy or sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1 plan when they are not in possession of material, nonpublic information. 
 In addition, we may in the future engage in strategic transactions that could dilute our shareholders ownership and cause our share price to decline. Sales of substantial amounts of our common shares or other securities by us could also dilute our shareholders interests, lower the market price of our common shares and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of equity securities. 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare and pay dividends on our common shares, and future determinations to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 Prior to 2017, we did not declare regular dividends. In February 2017, we announced the declaration of the first quarterly cash dividend on our common shares and have paid a quarterly cash dividend each quarter since that date. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of our common shares in the future, including future payment of a regular quarterly cash dividend, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, general business conditions, statutory requirements under Bermuda law and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will also continue to be subject to restrictive covenants contained in credit facility agreements governing indebtedness we and our subsidiaries have incurred or may incur in the future. In addition, statutory requirements under Bermuda law could require us to defer making a dividend payment on a declared dividend date until such time as we can meet statutory requirements under Bermuda law. A reduction in, delay of, or elimination of our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our share price. 
 We are organized under the laws of Bermuda, and Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to shareholders. 
 Our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a state of the United States. As a Bermuda company, we are governed by, in particular, the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including the provisions relating to interested directors, mergers, amalgamations, takeovers and indemnification of directors. 
 Generally, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies generally do not have the right to take action against directors or officers of the company except in limited circumstances. Directors of a Bermuda company must, in exercising their powers and performing their duties, act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company, exercising the care and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. Directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests may conflict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any material contract or arrangement with the company or any of its subsidiaries. If a director of a Bermuda company is found to have breached his or her duties to that company, he may be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty. A director may be liable jointly and severally with other directors if it is shown that the director knowingly engaged in fraud or dishonesty (with such unlimited liability as the courts shall direct). In cases not involving fraud or dishonesty, the liability of the director will be determined by the Supreme Court of Bermuda or other Bermuda court (with such liability as the Bermuda court thinks just) who may take into account the percentage of 
 37 

responsibility of the director for the matter in question, in light of the nature of the conduct of the director and the extent of the causal relationship between his or her conduct and the loss suffered. 
 In addition, our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving or arising out of any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director or to matters which would render it void pursuant to the Companies Act. This waiver limits the rights of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty. Therefore, our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a state within the United States. 
 The market price for our common shares has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 The market price for our common shares has been and may continue to be volatile and subject to price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Among the factors that could affect our share price are: 
 terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or war, natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), or other such events impacting countries where we or our clients have operations; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results; 
 changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; 
 changes in the economic performance or market valuations of our competitors and other companies engaged in providing similar or competitive services; 
 loss of one or more significant clients; 
 addition or loss of executive officers or key employees; 
 regulatory developments in our target markets affecting us, our clients or our competitors; 
 announcements of technological developments; 
 limited liquidity in our trading market; 
 sales or expected sales of additional common shares, either by us, our employees, or any of our shareholders, or purchases or expected purchases of common shares, including by us under existing or future share repurchase programs, which purchases are at the discretion of our board of directors and may not continue in the future; and 
 actions or announcements by activist shareholders or others. 
 In addition, securities markets generally and from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. 
 You may be unable to effect service of process or enforce judgments obtained in the United States or Bermuda against us or our assets in the jurisdictions in which we or our executive officers operate. 
 We are incorporated and organized under the laws of Bermuda, and a significant portion of our assets are located outside the United States. It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against us in Bermuda or in countries, other than the United States, where we have assets based on the civil liability or penal provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States. In addition, there is some doubt as to whether the courts of Bermuda and other countries would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liability or penal provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States or would hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised by Appleby (Bermuda) Limited, our Bermuda counsel, that the United States and Bermuda do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on United States federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Bermuda. Similarly, those judgments may not be enforceable in countries, other than the United States, where we have assets. 
 38 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We have delivery centers in 24 countries. We have a mixture of owned and leased properties and substantially all of our leased properties are leased under long-term leases with varying expiration dates. We believe that our properties and facilities are suitable and adequate for our present purposes and are well-maintained. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 There are no legal proceedings pending against us that we believe are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock Price Information and Stockholders 
 The principal market on which the Company s common shares are traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol G. As of January 31, 2023, there were 34 holders of record of our common shares. 
 The following graph and table compare the performance of an investment in our common shares (measured as the cumulative total shareholder return) with investments in the S P 500 Index (market capitalization weighted) and a peer group of companies for the period from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2022. The selected peer group for the period presented is comprised of six companies that we believe are our closest reporting issuer competitors: Accenture plc, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., ExlService Holdings, Inc., Infosys Technologies Limited, Wipro Technologies Limited, and WNS (Holdings) Limited. The returns of the component entities of our peer group index are weighted according to the market capitalization of each company as of the end of each period for which a return is presented. The returns assume that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. The performance shown in the graph and table below is historical and should not be considered indicative of future price performance. 

40 

3/31/18 6/30/18 9/30/18 12/31/18 3/31/19 Genpact 
 101.03 91.59 97.14 85.88 112.23 Peer Group 
 104.18 109.18 112.74 97.87 115.93 S P 500 
 99.24 102.65 110.56 95.62 108.67 6/30/19 9/30/19 12/31/19 3/31/20 6/30/20 Genpact 
 121.79 124.16 135.40 93.99 117.86 Peer Group 
 117.74 118.86 124.20 96.86 122.10 S P 500 
 113.34 115.27 125.72 101.08 121.85 9/30/20 12/31/20 3/31/21 6/30/21 9/30/21 Genpact 
 126.02 134.14 139.24 148.08 155.18 Peer Group 
 143.26 169.74 180.26 194.91 210.90 S P 500 
 132.73 148.85 158.04 171.56 172.55 12/31/21 03/31/22 06/30/22 09/30/22 12/31/22 Genpact 
 173.73 142.85 139.46 144.49 153.34 Peer Group 
 258.49 225.71 177.89 163.27 169.96 S P 500 
 191.58 182.77 153.34 145.86 156.88 
 This graph is not deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and should not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our prior or subsequent filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Dividends 
 In February 2022, our board of directors approved a 16 increase in our quarterly cash dividend to 0.125 per common share, representing an annual dividend of 0.50 per common share. In 2022, dividends were declared in February, May, July and October and paid in March, June, September and December. In February 2023, our board of directors approved a 10 increase in our quarterly cash dividend to 0.1375 per common share, representing a planned annual dividend of 0.55 per common share for 2023. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and subject to Bermuda and other applicable laws. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid per Share ) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program ) October 1-October 31, 2022 156,899,039 November 1-November 30, 2022 135,640 44.22 135,640 150,901,355 December 1-December 31, 2022 574,521 45.22 574,521 124,923,971 Total 710,161 45.03 710,161 
 
 In February 2023, our board of directors authorized a 500 million increase to our existing 1.75 billion share repurchase program, first announced in February 2015, bringing the total authorization under our existing program to 2.25 billion. This repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares and does not specify an expiration date. All shares repurchased under the plan have been cancelled. See Note 19 Capital stock to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

41 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis is meant to provide material information relevant to an assessment of the financial condition and results of operations of our company, including an evaluation of the amounts and uncertainties of cash flows from operations and from outside sources, so as to allow investors to better view our company from management s perspective. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion includes forward-looking information that involves risks and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Macroeconomic environment 
 
 Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary environment and levels of business confidence. Throughout 2022 there was significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, including with respect to wage inflation, the possibility of slowing global economic growth and increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, which impacted and may continue to impact our business. 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and actions taken by the United States and other countries in response thereto, including the imposition of sanctions, have contributed to supply chain disruption and inflation, regional instability and geopolitical tensions. While we do not have any operations in Russia or Ukraine, it is difficult to anticipate the future impacts of any of the foregoing on our business or our clients businesses. To date, we do not believe Russia s ongoing military action in Ukraine and governmental actions in response thereto have had a material impact on our business, financial position or operations, but we continue to monitor the situation closely. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also continues to impact the global economy and the markets in which we operate. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the pandemic did not have a significant impact on our results. We will continue to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company and respond accordingly. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and our financial results in future periods, including but not limited to net revenues, income from operations, income from operations margin, net income, earnings per share, and cash flow from operations may differ materially from historical trends. 
 
 For additional information about the risks we face, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. 

42 

Overview 
 Our 2022 revenues were 4.4 billion, an increase of 8.7 year-over-year, or 11.1 on a constant currency 1 basis. 
 Net Revenues 
 
 Revenue by top clients . The table below sets forth the percentage of our total net revenues derived from our largest clients, in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 Percentage of Total Net Revenues Year ended December 31, 2021 2022 Top five clients 24.3 22.1 Top ten clients 33.6 31.2 Top fifteen clients 39.8 37.3 Top twenty clients 44.3 42.2 
 We earn revenues pursuant to contracts that generally take the form of a master service agreement ("MSA"), which is a framework agreement that is then supplemented by statements of work ("SOWs"). Our MSAs specify the general terms applicable to the services we will provide. Our MSAs are generally for terms of three to seven years, although they may also have an indefinite term or be for terms of less than three years. In most cases they do not specify pricing terms or obligate the client to purchase a particular amount of services. We then enter into SOWs under an MSA, which specify particular services to be provided and the pricing terms. Most of our revenues are from SOWs with terms of two to five years. We typically have multiple SOWs under any given MSA, and the terms of our SOWs vary depending on the nature of the services to be provided. We seek to develop long-term relationships with our clients. We believe that these relationships best serve our clients as they create opportunities for us to provide a variety of services using the full range of our capabilities and to deliver continuous process improvement. 
 New business proposals are reviewed in line with our strategy to target specific industry verticals and geographical markets. We begin each year with a set of named accounts, including prospective clients with operations in our target areas, and all opportunities during the year are reviewed by business leaders from the applicable industry vertical, operations personnel, and members of our finance team. In this way, we try to ensure that contract terms meet our pricing, cash and service objectives. See Item 1 Business Sales and marketing for additional information. 
 Many factors affect how we price our contracts. Under some of our MSAs, we are able to share a limited amount of inflation and currency exchange risk for engagements lasting longer than 12 months. Many of our MSAs also provide that, under transaction-based and fixed-price SOWs, we are entitled to retain a portion of certain productivity benefits we achieve. However, some of our MSAs and SOWs require certain minimum productivity benefits to be passed on to our clients. Once an MSA and the related SOWs are signed and production of services commences, our revenues and expenses increase as services are ramped up to the agreed upon level. In many cases, we may have opportunities to increase our profit margins over the life of an MSA or SOW, driven by a number of factors. Our revenues include gains or losses arising upon the maturity of qualified cash flow hedges. 
 
 Classification of certain net revenues . We classify our net revenues in two categories based on the nature of services rendered: Data-Tech-AI services and Digital Operations services. 
 Expenses . Personnel expenses are a major component of both our cost of revenue and our selling, general and administrative expenses. Personnel expenses include salaries and benefits (including stock-based compensation) as well as costs related to recruitment and training. Personnel expenses are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the classification of the employee. Stock-based compensation and depreciation and amortization expense are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses using an appropriate allocation basis. 
 Our industry is labor-intensive. Wage levels in the countries in which our delivery centers are located have historically increased on a year-over-year basis. We attempt to address the impact of wage increases, and pressures to increase wages, in a number of ways, which include seeking to control entry-level wages, managing attrition, delivering productivity and right-skilling, which refers to ensuring that positions are not filled by overqualified employees. 
 
 1 Revenue growth on a constant currency basis is a non-GAAP measure and is calculated by restating current-period activity using the prior fiscal period s foreign currency exchange rates adjusted for hedging gains/losses in such period. 

43 

We try to control increases in entry-level wages by implementing innovative recruitment policies, utilizing continuous training techniques, emphasizing promotion opportunities and maintaining an attractive work atmosphere and culture. 
 In planning capacity expansion, we look for locations that help us ensure global delivery capability while helping us control average salary levels. In India and in other countries where we may open multiple offices or delivery centers, we try to expand into cities where competition for personnel and wage levels may be lower than in more developed cities. In addition, under some of our contracts we can share with our clients a portion of any increase in costs due to inflation. Nevertheless, despite these steps, we expect general increases in wage levels in the future, which could adversely affect our margins. A significant increase in attrition rates would also increase our recruitment and training costs and decrease our operating efficiency, productivity and profit margins. Increased attrition rates or increased pricing may also cause some clients to be less willing to use our services. See Item 1A Risk Factors Wage increases in the countries where we operate may reduce our profit margin. 
 Our operational expenses include facilities maintenance expenses, travel and living expenses, IT expenses, and consulting and certain other expenses. Consulting charges, consisting of the cost of consultants and contract employees with specialized skills who are directly responsible for the performance of services for clients, are included in cost of revenue. Facilities maintenance expenses and certain other expenses are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the employee s function. 
 Cost of revenue . The principal component of cost of revenue is personnel expenses. We include in cost of revenue all personnel expenses for employees who are directly responsible for the performance of services for clients, their supervisors and certain support personnel who may be dedicated to a particular client or a set of processes. Travel and living expenses are included in cost of revenue if the personnel expense for the employee incurring such expense is included in cost of revenue. 
 The ratio of cost of revenue to revenues for any particular SOW or for all SOWs under an MSA is typically higher in the early periods of the contract or client relationship than in later periods. This is because the number of supervisory and direct support personnel relative to the number of employees who are performing services typically declines in later periods of the contract. It is also because we may retain a portion of the benefit of productivity increases realized over time. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Our selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses are primarily comprised of personnel expenses for senior management and other support personnel in enabling functions, such as human resources, finance, legal, marketing, sales and sales support, and other non-billable support personnel. The operational costs component of SG A expenses also includes travel and living costs for such personnel. Additionally, the operational costs component of SG A expenses includes acquisition related costs, legal and professional fees (which represent the costs of third-party legal, tax, accounting and other advisors), investments in research and development, digital technology, advanced automation and robotics, and an allowance for credit losses. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets . Amortization of acquired intangible assets consists of amortization expenses relating to intangible assets acquired through acquisitions. 
 Other operating (income) expense, net. Other operating (income) expense, net primarily consists of the impact of the change in the fair value of earn-out consideration and deferred consideration relating to business acquisitions, as well as certain operating losses resulting from the write-down of operating lease right-of-use assets, other assets, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale. 
 Foreign exchange gains (losses), net. Foreign exchange gains (losses), net, primarily consists of gains or losses on the re-measurement of non-functional currency assets and liabilities. In addition, it includes gains or losses from derivative contracts entered into to offset the impact of the re-measurement of non-functional currency assets and liabilities. It also includes the realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 We also enter into derivative contracts to offset the impact of the re-measurement of non-functional currency expenditures and income. The gains or losses on derivative contracts that qualify for hedge accounting, which are cash flow hedges, are deferred and included under other comprehensive income (loss) until the derivative contracts mature, at which time the gains or losses on such cash flow hedges are classified as net revenues, cost of revenue or selling, general and administrative expenses based on the underlying risk being hedged. See Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules and Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. 

44 

77 of our fiscal 2022 revenues were earned in U.S. dollars. We also received payments in euros, U.K. pounds sterling, Australian dollars, Japanese yen and Indian rupees. Our costs are primarily incurred in Indian rupees, as well as in U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Romanian leu, Chinese renminbi, euros and the currencies of the other countries in which we have operations. While some of our contracts provide for limited sharing of the risk of inflation and fluctuations in currency exchange rates, we bear a substantial portion of this risk, and therefore our operating results could be negatively affected by adverse changes in wage inflation rates and foreign currency exchange rates. See our discussion of wage inflation under Expenses above. We enter into forward currency contracts, which are generally designed to qualify for hedge accounting, in order to hedge most of our net cost currency exposure between the U.S. dollar and the Indian rupee and Mexican peso, between the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee, and between the euro and the Romanian leu, and our revenue currency exposure between the U.S. dollar and the U.K. pound sterling, Philippine peso, Hungarian forint, Chinese renminbi, Polish zloty and the euro, and between the Chinese renminbi and the Japanese yen. However, our ability to hedge such risks is limited by local law, the liquidity of the market for such hedges and other practical considerations. Thus, our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are not able to enter into the desired hedging arrangements or if our hedging strategies are not successful. See Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information. 
 Interest income (expense), net. Interest income (expense), net consists primarily of interest expense on indebtedness, including resulting from interest rate swaps and a treasury rate lock agreement, finance lease obligation s, interest adjustments relating to earn-out consideration in connection with certain acquisitions, certain items related to debt restructuring, and interest income on certain deposits. We manage a portion of our interest rate risk related to floating rate indebtedness by entering into interest rate swaps under which we receive floating rate payments based on the greater of London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as applicable, and the floor rate under our term loan and make payments based on a fixed rate. 
 Other income (expense), net . Other income (expense), net primarily includes certain government incentives received by our subsidiaries and changes in the fair value of assets in our deferred compensation plan. It also includes the settlement of certain pre-GE divestiture related tax liabilities for which we were indemnified by GE. 
 Income taxes . We are incorporated in Bermuda and have operations in many countries. Our effective tax rate has historically varied and will continue to vary from year to year based on the tax rate in the jurisdiction of our organization, the geographical sources of our earnings and the tax rates in those countries, the tax relief and incentives available to us, the financing and tax planning strategies employed by us, changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof, and movements in our tax reserves, if any. 
 Bermuda taxes . We are organized in Bermuda. Bermuda does not impose any income tax on us. 
 Transfer pricing . We have transfer pricing arrangements among our subsidiaries involved in various aspects of our business, including operations, marketing, sales and delivery functions. U.S., U.K., and Indian transfer pricing regulations, as well as the regulations applicable in the other countries in which we operate, require that any international transaction involving affiliated enterprises be made on arm s-length terms. We consider the transactions among our subsidiaries to be substantially on arm s-length pricing terms. If, however, a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and determines that the transfer prices we have applied are not appropriate, or that other income of our affiliates should be taxed in that jurisdiction, we may incur increased tax liability, including accrued interest and penalties, which would cause our tax expense to increase, possibly materially, thereby reducing our profitability and cash flows. 
 Other taxes . We have operating subsidiaries or branches in several countries, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica, the Czech Republic, Egypt, Germany, Guatemala, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Thailand, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as sales and marketing subsidiaries in certain jurisdictions, including the United States and the United Kingdom, which are subject to tax in such jurisdictions. 
 One of our subsidiaries in China has obtained a ruling from the Government of China certifying it to be a Technologically Advanced Service Enterprise. As a result, that subsidiary is subject to a lower corporate income tax rate of 15 through December 31, 2023, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. Our delivery centers also enjoy corporate tax holidays or concessional tax rates in certain other jurisdictions, including Costa Rica, Israel, Malaysia and the Philippines. These tax concessions will expire over the next few years, possibly increasing our overall tax rate. 
 The governments of foreign jurisdictions where we deliver services may assert that certain of our clients have a permanent establishment in such jurisdictions by reason of the activities we perform on their behalf, particularly those clients that exercise control over or have substantial dependency on our services. Such an assertion could affect the size and scope of the services requested by such clients in the future. 

45 

Our ability to repatriate surplus earnings from our foreign subsidiaries in a tax-efficient manner is dependent upon interpretations of local laws, possible changes in such laws and the renegotiation of existing double tax avoidance treaties. Changes to any of these may adversely affect our overall tax rate. 
 Tax audits . Our tax liabilities may also increase, including due to accrued interest and penalties, if the applicable income tax authorities in any jurisdiction, during the course of any audits, were to disagree with any of our tax return positions. We have an indemnity from GE for any additional taxes attributable to periods prior to December 30, 2004. 
 Tax losses and other deferred tax assets . Our ability to utilize our tax loss carry forwards and other deferred tax assets and credits may be affected if our profitability deteriorates or if new legislation is introduced that changes carry-forward or crediting rules. Additionally, reductions in enacted tax rates may affect the value of our deferred tax assets and our tax expense. 
 
 Certain Acquisitions 
 From time to time we may make acquisitions or engage in other strategic transactions if suitable opportunities arise, and we may use cash, securities, other assets or a combination thereof as consideration. 
 On December 31, 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity/limited liability company interests in Hoodoo Digital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, for total purchase consideration of 66.7 million. This amount represents cash consideration of 64.4 million, net of cash acquired of 2.3 million. This acquisition furthered our strategy to fuse experience and process innovation to help clients drive end-to-end digital transformation. Hoodoo s expertise with Adobe Experience Manager and other Adobe applications complements our existing end-to-end client solution that seamlessly integrates digital content, e-commerce, data analytics, and marketing operations. Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to 46.0 million has been allocated among our three reporting units as follows: Financial Services in the amount of 4.3 million, Consumer and Healthcare in the amount of 7.3 million and High Tech and Manufacturing in the amount of 34.4 million, using a relative fair value allocation method. Goodwill arising from this acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes and represents primarily the acquired capabilities and other benefits expected to result from combining the acquired operations with our existing operations. 
 On December 31, 2020, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in Enquero Inc, a California corporation, and certain affiliated entities in India, the Netherlands and Canada (collectively referred to as Enquero for total purchase consideration of 148.8 million. This amount represents cash consideration of 137.2 million, net of cash acquired of 11.6 million. This acquisition increased the scale and depth of our data and analytics capabilities and enhanced our ability to accelerate our clients' digital transformation journeys through cloud technologies and advanced data analytics. Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to 87.9 million has been allocated among our three reporting units as follows: Financial Services in the amount of 2.6 million, Consumer and Healthcare in the amount of 22.5 million and High Tech and Manufacturing in the amount of 62.7 million, using a relative fair value allocation method. The goodwill arising from this acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill represents primarily the acquired capabilities and other benefits expected to result from combining the acquired operations with our existing operations. 
 On October 5, 2020, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity/limited liability company interests in SomethingDigital.Com LLC, a New York limited liability company, for total purchase consideration of 57.5 million. This amount represents cash consideration of 56.1 million, net of cash acquired of 1.4 million. This acquisition supported our strategy to integrate experience and process innovation to help clients on their digital transformation journeys and expanded on our existing experience capabilities to support end-to-end digital commerce solutions, both business-to-business and business-to-consumer. Additionally, this acquisition expanded our capabilities into Magento Commerce, which powers Adobe Commerce Cloud, and Shopify Plus, a cloud-based e-commerce platform for high-volume merchants. Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to 36.9 million has been allocated between two of our reporting units as follows: Consumer and Healthcare in the amount of 30.4 million and High Tech and Manufacturing in the amount of 6.5 million, using a relative fair value allocation method. Of the total goodwill arising from this acquisition, 35.1 million is deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill represents primarily the acquired capabilities and other benefits expected to result from combining the acquired operations with our existing operations. 
 
 New Bookings 
 New bookings is an operating or other statistical measure. We define new bookings as the total contract value of new client contracts and certain changes to existing client contracts to the extent that such contracts represent incremental future revenue. In determining total contract value for this purpose, we assume the minimum volume to which the client has committed or make a conservative projection where the client has not made a minimum volume commitment. New bookings attributable to large deals may exclude a portion of the total contract value above certain thresholds if the services are subject to certain contingencies, such as the establishment of new delivery centers or regulatory or other approvals. Regular renewals of contracts with no change in scope, which we consider business as usual, are not included as new bookings. 

46 

We provide information regarding our new bookings because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business and may be a useful metric as an indicator of future revenue growth potential. Our management also uses new bookings to measure our sales force productivity. 
 New bookings in 2022 were 3.9 billion, up from 3.7 billion in 2021. 
 New bookings can vary significantly year to year depending in part on the timing of signing of large contracts. The types of services clients are demanding, the duration of the contract and the pace and level of client spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. For example, bookings for our Digital Operations services, which are typically provided under multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time than do bookings for our Data-Tech-AI services, which often include shorter cycle, project-based work. 
 Information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. The calculation of new bookings involves estimates and judgments. There are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of new bookings. We do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to new bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. New bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our revenues recognized each year will vary from the new bookings value since new bookings is a snapshot measurement of a portion of the total client contract value at a given time. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements or require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application. We base our estimates on historical experience, contractual commitments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. We believe the following critical accounting policies require a higher level of management judgment and estimates than others in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are reasonable. Although these estimates are based upon management s best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Revenue recognition . We typically face a long selling cycle in securing a new customer. It is not unusual for us to spend twelve to eighteen months or more from the time we begin actively soliciting a new customer until we begin to recognize revenues. 
 All costs we incur prior to signing a contract with a customer are expensed as incurred, except for any incremental and direct costs incurred for acquiring the contracts, such as certain sales commissions to employees or third parties, which are classified as contract cost assets and are amortized over the expected period of benefit. Contract acquisition fees or other upfront fees paid to a customer are classified as contract assets which are amortized over the expected period of benefit and recorded as an adjustment to the transaction price and deducted from revenue. 
 Once a contract is signed, we defer revenues from the transition of services to our delivery centers, as well as the related cost of revenue where such activities do not represent separate performance obligations. Revenues relating to such transition activities are classified under contract liabilities and subsequently recognized ratably over the period in which the related services are performed. Costs relating to such transition activities are fulfillment costs which are directly related to the contract and result in the generation or enhancement of resources. Such costs are expected to be recoverable under the contract and are therefore classified as contract cost assets and recognized ratably over the estimated expected period of benefit under cost of revenue. 
 Our customer contracts sometimes also include incentive payments received for discrete benefits delivered or promised to be delivered to customers or service level agreements that could result in credits or refunds to the customer. Revenues relating to such arrangements are accounted for as variable consideration when the amount of revenue to be recognized can be estimated to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of any incremental revenue will not occur. 

47 

We include offerings such as sale of licenses in certain contracts, which may be perpetual or subscription-based. Revenue from distinct perpetual licenses is recognized at the point in time when the license is made available to the customer. Revenue from distinct, non-cancellable, subscription-based licenses is recognized at the point in time when the license is transferred to the customer. Revenue from any associated maintenance or ongoing support services is recognized ratably over the term of the contract. For a combined software license/services performance obligation, revenue is recognized over the period that the services are performed. 
 We price our services under a variety of arrangements, including time and materials, transaction-based and fixed-price contracts. When services are priced on a time-and-materials basis, we charge the customer based on full-time equivalent ("FTE") rates for the personnel who will directly perform the services. The FTE rates are determined on a periodic basis, vary by category of service delivery personnel and are set at levels to reflect all of our costs, including the cost of supervisory personnel, the allocable portion of other costs, and a margin. In some cases, time-and-materials contracts are based on hourly rates of the personnel providing the services. We recognize revenues when the promised services are delivered to customers for an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those services. We accrue for revenue and unbilled receivables for services rendered between the last billing date and the balance sheet date. 
 In transaction-based pricing, customers are charged a fixed fee per transaction, with the fee per transaction sometimes linked to the total number of transactions processed. Some of our contracts give the customer the option to prospectively change from a time-and-materials model to a transaction-based pricing model. Revenues from services rendered under time-and-material and transaction-based contracts are recognized as the services are provided. 
 In the case of fixed-price contracts, including those for application development, maintenance and support services, revenues are recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts. 
 We sometimes enter into multiple-element revenue arrangements in which a customer may purchase a combination of our products and services. Revenue from multiple-element arrangements is recognized, for each element, based on an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone basis. 
 Revenue for performance obligations that are satisfied over time is recognized in accordance with the methods prescribed for measuring progress. The input (cost expended) method has been used to measure progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and the satisfaction of a performance obligation. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the current contract estimates. 
 Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing. If we receive payment in respect of services prior to the delivery of services, we recognize the payment as an advance from the customer, and it is classified as contract liability. When the related services are performed, the advance is transferred to revenue to the extent the services are rendered. 
 Significant judgements involved include (a) determining whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately rather than together where we enter into contracts with customers that include promises to transfer multiple products and services, (b) determining the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation and (c) estimating credits or refunds to our customers resulting from incentive payments received for discrete benefits delivered to customers or under service level agreements. In instances where a standalone selling price for a performance obligation is not directly observable, we use information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We estimate credit or refund amounts at contract inception and adjust them at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of any incremental revenue will not occur. Changes in these estimates may impact revenue for any given period . 
 Business combinations . The application of business combination accounting requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, by recognizing the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquired business, measured at their acquisition date fair values. Contingent consideration is included within the acquisition cost and is recognized at its fair value on the acquisition date. The measurement of purchase price, including future contingent consideration, if any, and its allocation, requires significant estimates in determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including with respect to intangible assets and deferred and contingent consideration. Significant estimates and assumptions we may make include, but are not limited to, the timing and amount of future revenue and cash flows based on, among other things, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, and the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows. 

48 

In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed in connection with business combinations are initially estimated as of the acquisition date, and we reevaluate these items quarterly with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets . Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible net assets purchased. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least on an annual basis on December 31, or as circumstances warrant based on a number of factors, including operating results, business plans and future cash flows. We perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a rep orting unit is less than its carrying amount. Based on our assessment of events or circumstances, we perform a quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Based on the results of our assessments of qualitative factors, we determined that the fair values of all of our reporting units are likely to be higher than their respective carrying amounts as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we took actions to realign our portfolio to focus on services we believe have the greatest opportunities for growth, and deprioritized assets that no longer fit with our long-term strategy. As such, during 2022, we identified and divested a business that was part of our Consumer and Healthcare segment and classified certain technology-related intangible assets and goodwill as held for sale. We tested these assets for impairment and determined that the carrying values were not recoverable and accordingly recorded an impairment charge to adjust the carrying amount of these assets to their fair value. The impairment charge was recorded in other operating (income) expense, net." See Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information. 
 We capitalize certain software and technology development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software or technology for sale to customers when the initial design phase is completed and commercial and technological feasibility has been established. Any development cost incurred before technological feasibility is established is expensed as incurred as research and development costs. Technological feasibility is established upon completion of a detailed design program or, in its absence, completion of a working model. Capitalized software and technology costs include only (i) the external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining software and technology and (ii) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the project. 
 We test our intangible assets for impairment whenever events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether we have incurred an impairment loss requires comparing the carrying amounts of the assets to the sum of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. When determining the fair value of our intangible assets, we utilize various assumptions, including discount rates, estimated growth rates, economic trends and projections of future cash flows. These projections also take into account factors such as the expected impact of new client contracts, expanded or new business from existing clients, efficiency initiatives, and the maturity of the markets in which each of our businesses operates. We generally categorize intangible assets acquired individually or with a group of other assets or in a business combination as customer-related, marketing-related, technology-related, and other intangible assets. See Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies Business combinations, goodwill and other intangible assets and Note 10 Goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for more information about how we value our intangible assets. Actual results may vary, and may cause significant adjustments to the valuation of our assets in the future. 
 Income taxes . We calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases and for all operating losses and tax credits carried forward, if any. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or tax status is recognized in the statement of income in the period that includes the enactment date or the filing or approval date of the tax status change. Deferred tax assets are recognized in full, subject to a valuation allowance that reduces the amount recognized to that which is more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the likelihood of realization, we consider estimates of future taxable income. 
 In the case of an entity that benefits from a corporate tax holiday, deferred tax assets or liabilities for existing temporary differences are recorded only to the extent such temporary differences are expected to reverse after the expiration of the tax holiday. 

49 

We also evaluate potential exposures related to tax contingencies or claims made by tax authorities in various jurisdictions and determine if a reserve is required. A reserve is recorded if we believe that a loss is more likely than not to occur and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Any such reserves are based on estimates and are subject to changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing audits, case law and new legislation. We believe that the reserves we have established are adequate. 
 We apply a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining, based on the technical merits, that the position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. We also include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within our provision for income tax expense. 
 We generally plan to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, except for those earnings that can be repatriated in a tax-free manner. Accordingly, we do not currently accrue any material income, distribution or withholding taxes that would arise if such earnings were repatriated. 
 Due to rounding, the numbers presented in the tables included in this Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations may not add up precisely to the totals provided. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, including a year-to-year comparison between 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table sets forth certain data from our income statement for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 Year ended December 31, Percentage change increase/ (decrease) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 2022 Data-Tech-AI 1,692.3 1,959.9 15.8 Digital Operations 2,329.9 2,411.3 3.5 Total net revenues 
 4,022.2 4,371.2 8.7 Cost of revenue 2,590.3 2,834.8 9.4 Gross profit 1,432.0 1,536.4 7.3 Gross profit margin 35.6 35.1 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 865.7 938.4 8.4 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 58.4 42.7 (27.0) Other operating (income) expense, net 
 (1.2) 53.2 NM Income from operations 509.0 502.2 (1.3) Income from operations as a percentage of net revenues 12.7 11.5 Foreign exchange gains (losses), net 12.7 15.4 21.5 Interest income (expense), net (51.4) (52.2) 1.5 Other income (expense), net 12.9 (0.1) (100.8) Income before income tax expense 483.1 465.2 (3.7) Income tax expense 113.7 111.8 (1.6) Net income 369.4 353.4 (4.3) Net income as a percentage of net revenues 9.2 8.1 
 
 Not Meaningful 

50 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net revenues . Our net revenues were 4,371.2 million in 2022, up 349.0 million, or 8.7 , from 4,022.2 million in 2021. Growth in our net revenues was driven by both Data-Tech-AI and Digital Operations services. 
 Adjusted for foreign exchange, primarily the impact of changes in the values of the euro, Japanese yen, Australian dollar and U.K. pound sterling against the U.S. dollar, our net revenues grew 11.1 in 2022 compared to 2021 on a constant currency 2 basis. Revenue growth on a constant currency 2 basis is a non-GAAP measure. We provide information about our revenue growth on a constant currency 2 basis so that our revenue may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations compared to prior fiscal periods, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of our business performance. Total net revenues on a constant currency 2 basis are calculated by restating current-period activity using the prior fiscal period s foreign currency exchange rates and adjusted for hedging gains/losses. 
 Our average headcount increased to approximately 115,800 in 2022 from approximately 103,100 in 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, Percentage change increase/ (decrease) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 2022 (dollars in millions) Data-Tech-AI 1,692.3 1,959.9 15.8 Digital Operations 2,329.9 2,411.3 3.5 Total net revenues 
 4,022.2 4,371.2 8.7 
 
 Net revenues from Data-Tech-AI services in 2022 were 1,959.9 million, up 267.6 million, or 15.8 , from 1,692.3 million in 2021. This increase was largely driven by continued growth in our cloud-based data solutions and analytics solutions across our focus areas of supply chain management, sales and commercial, and risk management in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Net revenues from Digital Operations services in 2022 were 2,411.3 million, up 81.4 million, or 3.5 , from 2,329.9 million in 2021, primarily due to increased deal ramp-ups from existing contracts and new deal wins. 
 Revenues by segment were as follows: Year ended December 31, Percentage change increase/ (decrease) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 2022 (dollars in millions) Financial Services 1,016.8 1,184.3 16.5 Consumer and Healthcare 1,509.5 1,626.5 7.7 High Tech and Manufacturing 1,479.2 1,652.3 11.7 Total reportable segment 4,005.5 4,463.1 11.4 Others 16.7 (92.0) NM Net revenues 4,022.2 4,371.2 8.7 Business held for sale (12.0) NM Net revenues (excluding business held for sale) 4,022.2 4,359.2 8.4 
 Not Meaningful 

2 Revenue growth on a constant currency basis is a non-GAAP measure and is calculated by restating current-period activity using the prior fiscal period s foreign currency exchange rates adjusted for hedging gains/losses in such period. 

51 

Net revenues from our Financial Services segment increased 16.5 in 2022 compared to 2021, largely due to continued strong demand from both traditional banks and other financial services clients for our risk management services, which leverage data and analytics. Net revenues from our Consumer and Healthcare segment increased 7.7 in 2022 compared to 2021, largely driven by sales and commercial services and supply chain management engagements, as well as revenues from Hoodoo Digital, LLC, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Net revenues from our High Tech and Manufacturing segment increased 11.7 in 2022 compared to 2021, largely driven by sales and commercial services, sourcing and procurement services, supply chain management services and finance and accounting engagements with both new and existing clients, as well as revenues from Hoodoo Digital, LLC, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Net revenues from "Others" in the table above primarily represents the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, which is not allocated to our segments for management s internal reporting purposes. Net revenues from "Business held for sale" in the table above represents revenues from a business classified as held for sale with effect from April 1, 2022 as part of a series of actions we took to focus our business on emerging solutions where we see the greatest opportunities for growth and to deprioritize assets that no longer fit with our long-term strategy. For additional information, see Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale and Note 24 Segment reporting to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Cost of revenue . Cost of revenue was 2,834.8 million in 2022, up 244.5 million, or 9.4 , from 2,590.3 million in 2021. The increase in our cost of revenue in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to (i) an increase in our operational headcount to support revenue growth, (ii) higher talent replacement costs as well as the impact of wage inflation, and (iii) higher travel related expenses. This increase was partially offset by (i) lower depreciation and amortization expense, (ii) lower facilities maintenance expenses, and (iii) lower medical expenses. We also recorded an employee severance charge as part of the restructuring we undertook in 2022, while no corresponding charge was recorded in 2021. For additional information, see Note 27 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Gross margin. Our gross margin decreased from 35.6 in 2021 to 35.1 in 2022, which includes the impact of an employee severance charge of 8.4 million in 2022 . The decrease in gross margin, excluding the impact of the employee severance charge, was primarily due to higher personnel expenses, higher talent replacement costs and wage inflation, and higher travel related expenses, partially offset by off-cycle pricing adjustments and better utilization of our Data-Tech-AI resources in 2022 compared to 2021. For additional information, see Note 27 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses. SG A expenses as a percentage of total net revenues were constant at 21.5 in 2022 and 2021, which includes the impact of an employee severance charge of 8.7 million in 2022. SG A expenses were 938.4 million in 2022, up 72.7 million, or 8.4 , from 865.7 million in 2021. The increase in SG A expenses, excluding the impact of an employee severance charge, was primarily due to higher sales and marketing expenses, investments to support increased revenues, an increase in research and development costs related to cloud-based offerings and other prioritized service lines, higher travel related expenses, increased staffing, as well as the impact of wage inflation in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by operating leverage. For additional information, see Note 27 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles . Amortization of acquired intangibles was 42.7 million in 2022, down 15.8 million, or 27.0 , from 58.4 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the completion of useful lives of intangibles acquired in prior periods, partially offset by amortization expense in 2022 related to Hoodoo Digital, LLC, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Other operating (income) expense, net . Other operating expense (net of income) was 53.2 million in 2022, compared to other operating income (net of expense) of 1.2 million in 2021. This change was primarily due to a 20.3 million write-down related to the abandonment of various office premises and a 1.4 million write-down related to tangible assets, both of which were taken as part of a restructuring we undertook in 2022, and an impairment charge of 32.6 million in 2022 related to assets classified as held for sale, while no corresponding charge was recorded in 2021. For additional information, see Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale and Note 27 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Income from operations . As a result of the foregoing factors, income from operations as a percentage of total net revenues decreased from 12.7 in 2021 to 11.5 in 2022. Income from operations decreased by 6.8 million from 509.0 million in 2021 to 502.2 million in 2022, primarily due to an impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale and the restructuring discussed above. 

52 

Foreign exchange gains (losses), net . We recorded a net foreign exchange gain of 15.4 million in 2022, compared to 12.7 million in 2021. The gains in 2022 resulted primarily from the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar. The gains in 2021 resulted primarily from the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar and gains from fair value hedges. 
 Interest income (expense), net . Our interest expense (net of interest income) was 52.2 million in 2022, up 0.8 million from 51.4 million in 2021, primarily due to a 1.0 million decrease in interest income in 2022 compared to 2021, offset by a 0.2 million decrease in interest expense. The decrease in interest expense was largely due to the repayment of our 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70 senior notes issued in March 2017. This decrease was partially offset by higher drawdown of our revolving credit facility and a higher average benchmark-based ra te on our revolving credit facility and term loan, partially offset by lowe r losses on interest rate swaps in 2022 compared to 2021, and higher interest expense related to our 350 million aggregate principal amount of 1.750 senior notes issued in March 2021, which we discuss in the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Condition below. Our interest income decreased primarily due to lower interest income in India in 2022 compared to 2021. The weighted average rate of interest on our debt, including the net impact of interest rate swaps, was 3.0 in each of 2022 and 2021. 
 Other income (expense), net. Our other expense (net of income) was 0.1 million in 2022, compared to other income (net of expense) of 12.9 million in 2021. This change was largely attributable to (i) losses on changes in the fair value of assets in our deferred compensation plan in 2022 compared to gains on changes in the fair value of assets in our deferred compensation plan in 2021 and (ii) the settlement of certain pre-GE divestiture related tax liabilities for which we were indemnified by GE, partially offset by higher government subsidies in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Income tax expense . Our income tax expense decreased from 113.7 million in 2021 to 111.8 million in 2022, due to lower pre-tax income. Our effective tax rate ("ETR"), was 24.0 in 2022, up from 23.5 in 2021. The increase in our ETR is primarily due to reduced tax benefits and credits received in certain jurisdictions in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Net income . As a result of the foregoing factors, net income as a percentage of net revenues was 8.1 in 2022, down from 9.2 in 2021. Net income decreased by 16.0 million from 369.4 million in 2021 to 353.4 million in 2022. 
 Adjusted income from operations. Adjusted income from operations ("AOI"), increased by 55.5 million from 662.7 million in 2021 to 718.2 million in 2022. Our AOI margin held constant at 16.5 in 2022, unchanged from 2021. The primary factors affecting AOI in 2022 were (i higher personnel expenses related to higher talent replacement costs and wage inflation, (ii) higher sales and marketing expenses, (iii) increased investments in research and development related to cloud-based offerings and other prioritized service lines, and (iv) increased travel related expenses, the impacts of which were offset by off-cycle pricing adjustments, better utilization of our Data-Tech-AI resources and optimization of our SG A spending in 2022 compared to 2021. In calculating our AOI margin for 2022, we adjusted total net revenues to exclude net revenues of 12.0 million from the business designated as held for sale. 
 AOI is a non-GAAP measure and is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. We believe that presenting AOI together with our reported results can provide useful supplemental information to our investors and management regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. A limitation of using AOI versus net income calculated in accordance with GAAP is that AOI excludes certain recurring costs and certain other charges, namely stock-based compensation and amortization of acquired intangibles. We compensate for this limitation by providing specific information on the GAAP amounts excluded from AOI. 
 We calculate AOI as net income, excluding (i) stock-based compensation, (ii) amortization and impairment of acquired intangible assets, (iii) acquisition-related expenses excluded in the period in which an acquisition is consummated, (iv) foreign exchange (gain)/loss, (v) restructuring expenses, (vi) any loss or gain on businesses held for sale, including impairment charges, (vii) interest (income) expense, and (viii) income tax expense, as we believe that our results after taking into account these adjustments more accurately reflect our ongoing operations. For additional information, see Note 24 Segment reporting to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we carried out certain restructuring activities in line with our long-term strategy to implement a flexible, hybrid global delivery model that incorporates a mix of offshore, onshore, near shore, and remote working. As a result, we determined that certain leases and employee roles were unnecessary. Accordingly, we took a restructuring charge of 38.8 million, which was excluded from AOI during the year ended December 31, 2022. No corresponding charge was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. For additional information, see Note 27 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

53 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, management identified and approved a plan to divest a business that is part of our Consumer and Healthcare segment, which included the sale of 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of one of our subsidiaries pursuant to a stock purchase agreement, which was completed in December 2022, and the transfer of certain assets and liabilities pursuant to an asset purchase agreement signed during the fourth quarter of 2022, which asset sale closed in February 2023. We also recorded an impairment charge of 32.6 million to adjust the carrying amount of the assets of the business to their fair value. The net revenues and loss of the business for the period from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 amounted to 12.0 million and 24.8 million, respectively. For additional information, see Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale and Note 24 Segment reporting to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following table shows the reconciliation of AOI to the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 2022 (dollars in millions) Net income 369.4 353.4 Foreign exchange (gains) losses, net (12.7) (15.4) Interest (income) expense, net 51.4 52.2 Income tax expense 113.7 111.8 Stock-based compensation 82.0 77.4 Amortization and impairment of acquired intangible assets 
 57.6 42.6 Acquisition-related expenses 1.2 Restructuring expenses 
 38.8 Loss relating to business held for sale 24.8 Impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale 32.6 Adjusted income from operations 662.7 718.2 
 
 The following table sets forth our AOI by reportable business segment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 Year ended December 31, Percentage change increase/ (decrease) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 2022 (dollars in millions) Financial Services 126.9 157.9 24.4 Consumer and Healthcare 250.8 213.7 (14.8) High Tech and Manufacturing 272.8 283.6 4.0 Total reportable segment 650.5 655.3 0.7 Others 12.2 38.1 NM Total 662.7 693.4 4.6 Loss relating to business held for sale 24.8 NM Adjusted income from operations 662.7 718.2 8.4 
 Not Meaningful 
 AOI of our Financial Services segment increased to 157.9 million in 2022 from 126.9 mil lion in 2021, primarily due to higher revenues and improved efficiency as well as an increase in the share of our services performed offshore in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by higher talent replacement costs as well as wage inflation. AOI of our Consumer and Healthcare segment decreased to 213.7 million in 2022 from 250.8 million in 2021, largely due to higher sales costs, higher talent replacement costs and the impact of wage inflation, partially offset by higher revenues. AOI of our High Tech and Manufacturing segment increased to 283.6 million in 2022 from 272.8 million in 2021, d ue to higher revenues, including from the acquisition of Hoodoo Digital, LLC in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by higher talent replacement costs as well as wage inflation. AOI for Others in the table ab ove primarily represents the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, adjustment of allowances for credit losses and over- or under-absorption of overheads, none of which is allocated to any individual segment for management's internal reporting purposes. AOI for "Business held for sale" in the table above primarily represents the loss attributable to a business classified as held for sale. See Note 

54 

8 "Assets and liabilities held for sale" and Note 24 Segment reporting to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our financial results may vary from period to period. Our revenues are typically higher in the third and fourth quarters than in other quarters, as a result of several factors. We generally find that demand for short-term Data-Tech-AI services, including analytics and IT projects, increases in the fourth quarter as our clients utilize the balance of their budgets for the year. In addition, contracts for long-term Digital Operations engagements are often signed in the first and second quarters as clients begin new budget cycles. Volumes under such contracts then increase in the latter part of the year as engagements ramp up. Additionally, demand for certain services, such as collections and transaction processing, is often greater in the second half of the year as our clients volumes in such areas increase. 
 
 Statement of financial position 
 Key changes in our financial position during 2022 
 Following are the significant changes in our financial position as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021: 
 Short-term borrowings increased by 151.0 million 
 The increase in our short-term debt is primarily due to an increase in the funded drawdown of the facility under our amended and restated credit agreement entered into in December 2022, which consists of a 530.0 million term loan and a 650.0 million revolving credit facility. For additional information, se e Note 15 Short-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information. 
 Prepaid expenses, other current assets, contract cost assets and other assets decreased by 36.6 million 
 The decrease in prepaid expenses, other current assets, contract cost assets and other assets is primarily due to a decrease in contract cost assets, lower gains on derivative instruments, reduced funding of an employee benefit plan in India and a reduction in finance lease right-of-use assets. The decrease was partially offset by higher deferred billings and higher tax payments (net of refunds). For additional information, see Note 25 Net revenues Contract balances to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules for additional information. 
 Net accounts receivable increased by 107.0 million 
 The increase in our accounts receivable is primarily due to higher days sales outstanding, offset by the volume impact of a lower quarter-over-quarter revenue growth rate in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Goodwill and intangible assets decreased by 126.8 million 
 Goodwill decreased by 46.8 million, primarily due to the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. Our intangible assets decreased by 79.9 million due to the amortization and impairment of intangible assets classified as held for sale. For additional information, see Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale and Note 10 Goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets decreased by 72.2 million 
 The decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets is due to an amortization and impairment charge on right-of-use assets as part of a restructuring we undertook in 2022, partially offset by additions and modifications in 2022. For additional information, see Note 12 Leases to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Operating lease liability decreased by 64.8 million 
 The decrease in operating lease liability is due to lease payments, partially offset by additions and modifications in 2022. 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses, other current liabilities and other liabilities decreased by 19.2 million 
 The decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses, other current liabilities and other liabilities is primarily due to a decrease in expense related accruals, employee related accruals and contract liabilities. This decrease 

55 

was partially offset by an increase in the net consideration payable on the divestiture of a business in 2022, an increase in statutory liabilities and higher mark-to-market losses on derivative financial instruments in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Long-term debt decreased by 380.6 million 
 The decrease in long-term debt is due to the repayment of our 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70 senior notes issued in March 2017 and a reduction in the term loan under our amended and restated credit agreement entered into in December 2022. For additional information, see Note 14 Long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Net deferred tax assets increased by 28.9 million 
 Our net deferred tax assets increased by 28.9 million. For additional information, see Note 23 Income taxes to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Information about our financial position as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 is presented below: 
 As of December 31, As of December 31, Percentage Change increase/(decrease) 2021 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (dollars in millions) Cash and cash equivalents 899.5 646.8 (28.1) Short-term borrowings 151.0 100.0 Long-term debt due within one year 383.4 26.1 (93.2) Long-term debt other than the current portion 1,272.5 1,249.2 (1.8) Genpact Limited total shareholders equity 1,897.1 1,826.2 (3.7) 

Financial Condition 
 We have historically financed our operations and our expansion, including acquisitions, with cash from operations and borrowing facilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 637.7 million of our 646.8 million in cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign (non-Bermuda) subsidiaries. 3.8 million of this cash is held by foreign subsidiaries for which we expect to incur and have accrued a deferred tax liability on the repatriation of 9.5 million of retained earnings. 633.9 million of the cash and cash equivalents is either held as retained earnings by foreign subsidiaries in jurisdictions where no tax is expected to be imposed upon repatriation or is being indefinitely reinvested. 
 In February 2021, our board of directors approved a 10 increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.0975 per common share to 0.1075 per common share, representing an annual dividend of 0.43 per common share for 2021, up from 0.39 per common share in 2020. On each of March 19, 2021, June 23, 2021, September 24, 2021 and December 22, 2021, we paid dividends of 0.1075 per share, amounting to 20.1 million, 20.1 million, 20.2 million, and 20.0 million in the aggregate, to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2021, June 11, 2021, September 10, 2021, and December 10, 2021, respectively. 
 In February 2022, our board of directors approved a 16 increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.1075 per common share to 0.125 per common share, representing an annual dividend of 0.50 per common share for 2022, up from 0.43 per common share in 2021. On March 23, 2022, June 24, 2022, September 23, 2022 and December 23, 2022, we paid dividends of 0.125 per share, amounting to 23.1 million, 22.9 million, 22.9 million and 22.9 million in the aggregate, to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2022, June 10, 2022, September 9, 2022 and December 9, 2022, respectively. 
 In February 2023, our board of directors approved a 10 increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.125 per common share to 0.1375 per common share, representing a planned annual dividend of 0.55 per common share for 2023, up from 0.50 per common share in 2022. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and subject to Bermuda and other applicable laws. 

56 

As of December 31, 2022, the total authorization under our existing share repurchase program was 1,750.0 million, of which 124.9 million remained available as of December 31, 2022. Since our share repurchase program was initially authorized in 2015, we have repurchased 52,164,282 of our common shares at a weighted average price of 31.15 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,625.1 million. This amount includes shares repurchased under our 2017 accelerated share repurchase program. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we repurchased 6,577,562 and 4,777,205 of our common shares, respectively, on the open market at a weighted average price of 45.32 and 44.79 per share, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of 298.1 million and 214.0 million, respectively. All repurchased shares have been retired. 
 For additional information, see Note 19 Capital stock to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 We expect that for the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future our cash from operations, cash reserves and debt capacity will be sufficient to finance our operations, our growth and expansion plans, dividend payments and additional share repurchases we may make under our share repurchase program. However, there is no assurance that the future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing geopolitical tensions, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and inflationary and other macroeconomic pressures on our business , will not have an adverse effect on our cash flows. In addition, we may raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings. Our working capital needs are primarily to finance our payroll and other administrative and information technology expenses in advance of the receipt of accounts receivable. Our primary capital requirements include opening new delivery centers, expanding existing operations to support our growth, financing acquisitions and enhancing capabilities, including building certain digital solutions. 
 Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows, are summarized in the following table: 
 Year ended December 31, Percentage change increase/ (decrease) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 2022 (dollars in millions) Net cash provided by (used for) Operating activities 694.3 443.7 (36.1) Investing activities (122.7) (36.6) (70.2) Financing activities (332.9) (571.4) 71.7 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 238.7 (164.3) (168.9) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities was 443.7 million in 2022, down from 694.3 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a (i) 16.0 million decrease in net income in 2022 compared to 2021, (ii) a 234.2 million increase in net operating assets driven by higher investments in accounts receivable due to higher days sales outstanding, higher tax payments (net of refunds), higher employee related payments and higher customer acquisition costs in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by higher payroll tax payments in 2021 than in 2022 given the deferral of certain 2020 payroll tax payments as permitted by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act and (iii) a 0.3 million decrease in non-cash expenses in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower depreciation and amortization expense, lower stock-based compensation expense and higher deferred tax benefits in 2022 compared to 2021, largely offset by higher write-downs of operating lease right-of-use assets, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, including those classified as held for sale, and unrealized losses on the revaluation of foreign currency assets and liabilities in 2022 compared to unrealized gains in 2021. 
 Cash flows from investing activities . Our net cash used for investing activities was 36.6 million in 2022, compared to 122.7 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to payments related to acquisitions (including measurement period adjustments) of 72.0 million in 2021 compared to 0.03 million in 2022 and proceeds of 17.8 million from the sale of a portion of the business classified as held for sale in 2022, while we had no corresponding proceeds in 2021. For additional information, see Note 8 Assets and liabilities held for sale to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

57 

Cash flows from financing activities . Our net cash used for financing activities was 571.4 million in 2022, compared to 332.9 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to (i) the repayment of our 350.0 million of 2017 Senior Notes in 2022 compared to proceeds of 350.0 million from the issuance of our 2021 Senior Notes in 2021, (ii) an 11.4 million increase in dividend payments in 2022 compared to 2021, (iii) a 9.2 million increase in payments for the settlement of stock awards in 2022 compared to 2021 and (iv) a 7.3 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common shares in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase in cash used for financing activities was partially offset by (i) proceeds (net of repayment) from short term borrowings amounting to 151.0 million in 2022 compared to repayment (net of proceeds) amounting to 250.0 million in 2021 and (ii) an 84.1 million decrease in payments for share repurchases (including expenses related to repurchases) in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Financing Arrangements (Credit facility) 
 In December 2022, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "2022 Credit Agreement") with Genpact USA., Inc. Genpact USA ), Genpact Global Holdings (Bermuda) Limited GGH and Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. Genpact Luxembourg , and together with Genpact USA and GGH, the Borrowers , as borrowers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, and the lenders and other parties thereto, which consists of a 530.0 million term loan and a 650.0 million revolving credit facility. An additional third-party fee paid in connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement is being amortized over the term of the term loan and revolving credit facility, which expire on December 13, 2027. In connection with our entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, we terminated our existing credit facility under our amended and restated credit agreement entered into August 2018 (the 2018 Credit Agreement with the Borrowers, as borrowers, Wells Fargo, as administrative agent, and the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, which was comprised of a 680.0 million term loan and a 500.0 million revolving credit facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement replaces the 2018 Credit Agreement. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement is guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries. The obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are unsecured. 
 The outstanding balance of the term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement as of the date of 2022 Credit Agreement was 527.0 million. The term loan and the revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement have a term of five years and expire on December 13, 2027. The 2022 Credit Agreement did not result in a substantial modification of 290.9 million of the outstanding term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement. As a result of the 2022 Credit Agreement, we extinguished 236.1 million of funding arrangements for the outstanding term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement and obtained funding from new lenders of 239.1 million, resulting in outstanding principal of 530.0 million of the term loan under the 2022 Credit Agreement. In connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement, we expensed 0.1 million, representing partial acceleration of the amortization of the existing unamortized debt issuance costs and an additional fee paid to our lenders related to the term loan under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The overall borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement is 650.0 million, an increase from 500.0 million under the 2018 Credit Agreement. In connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement, we expensed 0.1 million relating to existing unamortized debt issuance cost. The remaining unamortized costs and an additional third-party fee paid in connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement will be amortized over the term of the facility, which will expire on December 13, 2027. 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to, at our election, either Adjusted Term SOFR (which is the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR (the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate) plus (b) a Term SOFR Adjustment of 0.10 per annum, but in no case lower than 0.00 plus an applicable margin equal to 1.375 per annum or a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to 0.375 per annum, in each case subject to adjustment based on the Borrowers' debt ratings provided by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc. from time to time (the "Debt Ratings"). The revolving credit commitments under the 2022 Credit Agreement are subject to a commitment fee equal to 0.20 per annum, subject to adjustment based on the Debt Ratings. The commitment fee accrues on the actual daily amount by which the aggregate revolving commitments exceed the sum of outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit obligations. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement restricts certain payments, including dividend payments, if there is an event of default under the 2022 Credit Agreement or if we are not, or after making the payment would not be, in compliance with certain financial covenants contained in the 2022 Credit Agreement. These covenants require us to maintain a net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of below 3x and an interest coverage ratio of more than 3x. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement, including all of the financial covenants therein. Our retained earnings are not subject to any restrictions on availability to make dividend payments to shareholders, subject to compliance with the financial covenants described above that are contained in the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, our outstanding term loan, net of debt amortization expense of 0.7 million and 1.6 million, respectively, was 560.3 million and 528.4 million, respectively. 

58 

We also have fund-based and non-fund based credit facilities with banks, which are available for operational requirements in the form of overdrafts, letters of credit, guarantees and short-term loans. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the limit available under such facilities was 24.7 million and 22.9 million, respectively, of which 5.8 million and 5.4 million, respectively, was utilized, constituting non-funded drawdown. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, a total of 2.0 million and 153.7 million, respectively, of our revolving credit facility was utilized, of which 0.0 million and 151.0 million, respectively, constituted funded drawdown, and 2.0 million and 2.7 million, respectively, constituted non-funded drawdown. 
 We have entered into interest rate swaps under which we receive floating rate payments based on, with respect to the term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement, the greater of LIBOR and the floor rate under the term loan, and with respect to the term loan under the 2022 Credit Agreement, the greater of Term SOFR and the floor rate under the term loan, and we make payments based on a fixed rate. As of December 31, 2022, we were party to interest rate swaps covering a total notional amount of 432.2 million. Under our swap agreements outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the rate that we pay to banks in exchange for Term SOFR ranges between 0.15 and 2.58 . 
 Genpact Luxembourg, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70 senior notes in March 2017 (the 2017 Senior Notes ). The 2017 Senior Notes were fully guaranteed by the Company and Genpact USA, Inc. The total debt issuance cost of 2.6 million incurred in connection with the 2017 Senior Notes offering was amortized over the life of the notes as additional interest expense. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2017 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expense of 0.1 million and 0 million, respectively, was 349.9 million and 0 million, respectively. The 2017 Notes matured on April 1, 2022 and were fully repaid. 
 Genpact Luxembourg issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375 senior notes in November 2019 (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes are fully guaranteed by the Company and Genpact USA, Inc. The total debt issuance cost of 2.9 million incurred in connection with the 2019 Senior Notes offering is being amortized over the life of the notes as additional interest expense. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2019 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expense of 1.7 million and 1.1 million, was 398.3 million and 398.9 million, respectively, which is payable on December 1, 2024. 
 In March 2021, Genpact Luxembourg and Genpact USA co-issued 350 million aggregate principal amount of 1.750 senior notes (the "2021 Senior Notes"), resulting in cash proceeds of approximately 348.1 million, net of an underwriting commission of 1.4 million and a discount of 0.5 million. Other debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the offering of the 2021 Senior Notes amounted to 1.1 million. The 2021 Senior Notes are fully guaranteed by the Company. The total debt issuance cost of 3.0 million incurred in connection with the 2021 Senior Notes offerings is being amortized over the lives of the notes as additional interest expense. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2021 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expense of 2.6 million and 2.0 million, respectively, was 347.4 million and 348.0 million, respectively, which is payable on April 10, 2026. 
 We pay interest on (i) the 2019 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, and (ii) the 2021 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on April 10 and October 10 of each year, ending on the maturity dates of December 1, 2024 and April 10, 2026, respectively. 
 For additional information, see Notes 14 Long-term debt and 15 Short-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 We use a revolving accounts receivable-based facility for managing our cash flows. As part of this arrangement, accounts receivable sold under this facility are de-recognized upon sale along with the related allowances, if any. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we have a revolving accounts receivable-based facility of 100.0 million permitting us to sell accounts receivable to banks on a non-recourse basis in the ordinary course of business. The aggregate maximum capacity utilized at any time during the period ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 7.1 million and 33.0 million, respectively. The principal amount outstanding against this facility as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 0 and 33.0 million, respectively. The cost of factoring accounts receivable sold under this facility during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 0 million and 0.6 million, respectively. 
 For additional information, see Note 4 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

59 

Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 Goodwill of a reporting unit is tested for impairment at least annually and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, we have an option to perform an assessment of qualitative factors, including but not limited to macro-economic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, business plans and expected future cash flows, to determine whether events or circumstances exist which lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. 
 Based on our assessment of such qualitative factors, in accordance with ASC 350, we concluded that as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the fair values of all of our reporting units are likely to be higher than their respective carrying values. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist of foreign exchange contracts. For additional information, see Item 1A Risk Factors Currency exchange rate fluctuations in various currencies in which we do business, especially the Indian rupee, the euro and the U.S. dollar, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition" and Note 6 Derivative financial instruments to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Other Liquidity and Capital Resources Information 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we have purchase commitme nts, net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases, of 13.3 million and 18.0 million, respectively, to be paid in respect of such purchases over the next year . For additional information, see Note 26 Commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we also have operating and finance lease commitments of 420.6 million and 330.1 million, respectively, to be paid over the remaining lease terms. For additional information, see Note 12 Leases to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

60 

Supplemental Guarantor Financial I nformation 
 As discussed in Note 14, Long-term debt, to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15- "Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules," Genpact Luxembourg issued the 2019 Senior Notes, and Genpact Luxembourg and Genpact USA co-issued the 2021 Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance for the 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes") was 398.9 million and 348.0 million, respectively. Each series of Senior Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The 2019 Senior Notes are also fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Genpact USA. Our other subsidiaries do not guarantee the Senior Notes (such subsidiaries are referred to as the non-Guarantors ). 
 The Company (with respect to both series of Senior Notes) and Genpact USA (with respect to the 2019 Senior Notes) have fully and unconditionally guaranteed (i) that the payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at stated maturity of the Senior Notes, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and that the payment of interest on the overdue principal and interest on the Senior Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the applicable issuer or issuers of the Senior Notes, respectively, to the holders of the Senior Notes or the trustee under the Senior Notes shall be promptly paid in full or performed, and (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Senior Notes or any of such other obligations, that the same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. With respect to the 2019 Senior Notes, failing payment by Genpact Luxembourg when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Company and Genpact USA shall be obligated to pay the same immediately. With respect to the 2021 Senior Notes, failing payment by Genpact Luxembourg or Genpact USA when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Company shall be obligated to pay the same immediately. The Company and Genpact USA have agreed that the guarantees described above are guarantees of payment of the Senior Notes and not guarantees of collection. 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for Genpact Luxembourg, Genpact USA and the Company (collectively, the Debt Issuers and Guarantors on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the Debt Issuers and Guarantors and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in the non-Guarantors. 
 Summarized Statements of Income Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions) Net revenues 214.2 141.3 Gross profit 214.2 141.3 Net income 102.7 72.3 
 
 Below is a summary of transactions with non-Guarantors included in the summarized statement of income above: Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions) Royalty income 4.4 Revenue from services 209.8 141.3 Interest income /(expense), net 33.0 36.9 Other income /(expense), net (17.7) 25.2 

61 

Summarized Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions) Assets Current assets 2,257.8 2,181.4 Non-current assets 457.5 178.3 Liabilities Current liabilities 3,758.5 3,639.6 Non-current liabilities 1,777.6 1,749.2 
 Below is a summary of the balances with non-Guarantors included in the summarized balance sheets above: 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions) Assets Current assets Accounts receivable, net 211.3 62.1 Loans receivable 1,535.5 1,420.3 Others 410.1 453.1 Investment in debentures/bonds 193.3 Non-current assets Investment in debentures/bonds 296.1 Others 31.5 79.5 Liabilities Current liabilities Loans payable 2,431.2 2,805.8 Others 914.0 620.2 Non-Current liabilities Loans payable 500.0 500.0 
 
 The Senior Notes and the related guarantees rank pari passu in right of payment with all senior and unsecured debt of the Issuer and the Guarantor and rank senior in right of payment to all of the Issuer s and the Guarantor s future subordinated debt. The Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer s and the Guarantor s existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future debt and other liabilities of the Guarantor s subsidiaries (other than the Issuer), including the liabilities of certain subsidiaries pursuant to our senior credit facility. The non-Guarantors are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due under the Senior Notes or to make the funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment. If the Issuer or the Guarantor have any right to receive any assets of any of the non-Guarantors upon the insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of any non-Guarantor, all of that non-Guarantor s creditors (including trade creditors) would be entitled to payment in full out of that non-Guarantor s assets before the holders of the Senior Notes would be entitled to any payment. Claims of holders of the Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of certain non-Guarantors pursuant to their liabilities under our senior credit facility. 

62 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently adopted accounting pronouncements 
 For a description of recently adopted accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies Recently issued accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules and Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies Recently issued accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements under Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Foreign currency risk 
 Our exposure to market risk arises principally from exchange rate risk. A substantial portion of our revenues (77 in fiscal 2022) is received in U.S. dollars. We also receive revenues in Japanese yen, euros, U.K. pounds sterling, Australian dollars and Indian rupees. Our expenses are primarily in Indian rupees and we also incur expenses in U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Romanian lei, Chinese renminbi, euros and the currencies of the other countries in which we have operations. Our exchange rate risk arises from our foreign currency revenues, expenses, receivables and payables. Based on the results of our European operations for fiscal 2022, and excluding any hedging arrangements that we had in place during that period, a 10.0 appreciation or depreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar would have increased or decreased, as applicable, our revenues in fiscal 2022 by 13.0 million. Similarly, excluding any hedging arrangements that we had in place during that period, a 10.0 depreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar would have decreased our expenses incurred and paid in Indian rupees in fiscal 2022 by 103.0 million. Conversely, a 10.0 appreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar would have increased our expenses incurred and paid in rupees in fiscal 2022 by 126.0 million. 
 We have sought to reduce the effect of any Indian rupee-U.S. dollar, Indian rupee-Australian dollar, Philippine Peso-U.S. dollar, Chinese renminbi-Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi-U.S dollar, euro-Romanian leu, Mexican peso-U.S. dollar, Polish zloty-U.S. dollar, Hungarian forint-U.S. dollar and certain other local currency exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations by purchasing forward foreign exchange contracts to cover a portion of our expected cash flows and accounts receivable. These instruments typically have maturities of zero to sixty months. We use these instruments as economic hedges and not for speculative purposes, and most of them qualify for hedge accounting under the FASB guidance on derivatives and hedging. Our ability to enter into derivatives that meet our planning objectives is subject to the depth and liquidity of the market for such derivatives. In addition, the laws of China, India, the Philippines and Romania limit the duration and amount of such arrangements. We may not be able to purchase contracts adequate to insulate us from Indian rupee-U.S. dollar, Chinese renminbi-Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi-U.S dollar, Philippine peso-U.S. dollar, and Romanian leu-euro foreign exchange currency risks. In addition, any such contracts may not perform adequately as hedging mechanisms. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Foreign exchange gains (losses), net. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk arises principally from interest on our indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,275.3 million of indebtedness, comprised of (a) 528.4 million of indebtedness under our 2022 Credit Agreement consisting of a long-term loan of 530.0 million, net of 1.6 million in unamortized debt issuance expenses, (b) 398.9 million in indebtedness under our 2019 Senior Notes, net of 1.1 million in unamortized bond issuance expenses, and (c) 348.0 million in indebtedness under our 2021 Senior Notes, net of 2.0 million in unamortized bond issuance expenses. Interest on indebtedness under the 2018 Credit Agreement was based on LIBOR, and interest on indebtedness under the 2022 Credit Agreement is based on Term SOFR, and we are subject to market risk from changes in interest rates. Borrowings under our 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates based on Term SOFR, but in no event less than the floor rate of 0.0 plus an applicable margin. See Item 1A "Risk Factors" "We may be unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing on competitive terms. Based on our indebtedness, a 2 change in interest rates, including the impact on the cost of our interest rate swaps, would have had a 5.4 million impact on our net interest expense in fiscal 2022. Additionally, the interest rates on our Senior Notes are subject to adjustment based on the ratings assigned by Moody s and S P to the notes from time to time. A decline in such ratings could result in an increase of up to 2 in the rate of interest on the Senior Notes. For fiscal 2022, such an increase would have had an impact of up to 16.8 million on our net interest expense. 

63 

We manage a portion of our interest rate risk related to floating rate indebtedness by entering into interest rate swaps under which we receive floating rate payments based on the greater of LIBOR or Term SOFR, as applicable, and the floor rate under our term loan and make payments based on a fixed rate. As of December 31, 2022, we were party to interest rate swaps covering a total notional amount of 432.2 million. Under our swap agreements outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the rate that we pay to banks in exchange for Term SOFR ranges between 0.15 and 2.58 . 
 We executed a treasury rate lock agreement for 350 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on the 2021 Senior Notes, and the treasury rate lock agreement was designated as a cash flow hedge. The treasury rate lock agreement was terminated on March 23, 2021, and a deferred gain was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2021 Senior Notes. The remaining gain to be amortized related to the treasury rate lock agreement as of December 31, 2022 was 0.5 million. 
 Credit risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had accounts receivable, including deferred billings, net of allowance for credit losses, of 1,056.3 million. No single client owed more than 10 of our accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are listed in Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are the Company s controls and other procedures which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC filings. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Genpact s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of management and/or our Board of Directors; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of any unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Due to its inherent limitations, including that it relies on sample-based testing, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Additionally, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

64 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LL P, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its audit, has issued an attestation report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page F-4. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information about our executive officers is contained in the section titled Information about our executive officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The other information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders under the captions Director Nominees, Corporate Governance, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Executive Officer Compensation, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is, other than the information required by Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference in this report. 

65 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Other Matters, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated by reference in this report. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. C onsolidated Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements required to be filed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on page F-1 hereof. The required financial statements appear on pages F-5 through F-68 hereof. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Separate financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because the required information is includ ed in the consolidated financial statements. 
 3. Exhibit Index: 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Memorandum of Association of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-142875) filed with the SEC on July 16, 2007). 
 3.2 Bye-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-142875) filed with the SEC on August 1, 2007). 
 4.1 Form of specimen certificate for the Registrant s common shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-142875) filed with the SEC on August 1, 2007). 
 4.2 Base Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 28, 2017). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 18, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, to the Base Indenture dated as of March 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on November 18, 2019). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l., Genpact USA, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, to the Base Indenture dated as of March 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021). 
 4.5 Base Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l., Genpact USA, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021). 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l., Genpact USA, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, to the Base Indenture dated as of March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) . 

66 

Exhibit Number Description 4.7 Form of 3.375 Senior Note due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on November 18, 2019). 
 4.8 Form of 1.750 Senior Note due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021). 
 4.9 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020). 
 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement for directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Amended and Restated International Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on April 10, 2018). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Genpact Limited 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on April 15, 2011). 
 10.4 First Amendment to the Genpact Limited 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated April 11, 2012), effective as of August 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on August 3, 2012). 
 10.5 Form of Share Option Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019). 
 10.6 Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended and restated April 5, 20 22 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on April 6 , 20 22 ). 
 10.7 Form of Share Option Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019). 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Share Unit Issuance Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019). 
 10.9 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019). 
 10.10 Form of 2021 and 2022 Share Option Agreement f or executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021). 
 10.11 Form of 2021 Performance Share Award Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021). 
 10.12 Form of 2021 Restricted Share Unit Issuance Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021). 

67 

Exhibit Number Description 10.13 Form of 2022 Perf ormance Share Award Agreement for executive officers under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on May 10 , 202 2 ). 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Share Unit Issuance Agreement for non-employee directors under the Genpact Limited 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 1 0-Q (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 10.15 Genpact LLC Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on July 6, 2018). 
 10.16 Amendment 2022-1 to the Genpact LLC Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.17 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and N.V. Tyagarajan, dated June 15, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.001-33626) filed with the SEC on June 17, 2011). 
 10.18 Addendum to Employment Agreement by and between Genpact (UK) Limited and N.V. Tyagarajan, dated November 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.19 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Balkrishan Kalra, dated November 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.001-33626) filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 
 10.20 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Kathryn Stein, dated November 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 
 10.21 Employment Agreement by and between Headstrong Canada Company (formerly Headstrong Canada Limited) and Darren Saumur, dated February 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.22 Amendment Agreement between Headstrong Canada Company and Darren Saumur, dated November 30,2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.001-33626) filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 
 10.23 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Michael Weiner, dated July 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.001-33626) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021). 
 10.24 Second Amended Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, among Genpact USA, Inc., Genpact Global Holdings (Bermuda) Limited, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l., the Registrant, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, term lender, an issuing bank and a revolving lender, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33626) filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022). 

68 

Exhibit Number Description 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22.1 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-265204) filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP. 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on the signature pages of this report). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which any director or executive officer participates. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

69 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GENPACT LIMITED By: /s/ N.V. TYAGARAJAN N.V. Tyagarajan President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Heather D. White and Thomas D. Scholtes, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission granting to said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to perform any other act on behalf of the undersigned required to be done in connection therewith. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on March 1, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 Signature Title 
 /s/ N.V. TYAGARAJAN 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) N.V. Tyagarajan 
 /s/ MICHAEL WEINER Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Michael Weiner /s/ AJAY AGRAWAL Director Ajay Agrawal /s/ STACEY CARTWRIGHT Director Stacey Cartwright /s/ LAURA CONIGLIARO Director Laura Conigliaro /s/ TAMARA FRANKLIN Director Tamara Franklin /s/ CAROL LINDSTROM Director Carol Lindstrom /s/ JAMES MADDEN Director James Madden /s/ CECELIA MORKEN Director CeCelia Morken /s/ BRIAN STEVENS Director Brian Stevens /s/ MARK VERDI Director Mark Verdi 
 70 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Page No. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 1 and 202 2 
 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 F-11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Genpact Limited: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Genpact Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 01, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to operations in India 
 As discussed in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest and penalties, of 25,430 thousand as of December 31, 2022, which included unrecognized tax benefits relating to operations in India. 
 We identified the assessment of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to operations in India as a critical audit matter. The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions across the world with a significant portion of the operations being in India. Complex auditor judgment was required in evaluating the Company s interpretation of tax law in respect of matters relating to operations in India, and its estimate of the resolution of the related tax positions. The audit effort also involved use of tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s unrecognized tax benefit process. This included controls related to the interpretation of tax law and its application in the estimation process. We involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s interpretation of tax law and its potential impact on the unrecognized tax benefits 
 inspecting correspondence, assessments, and settlement documents with applicable taxing authorities 
 assessing the expiration of statutes of limitations 
 performing an assessment of the completeness and measurement of the Company s tax positions and comparing the results to the Company s assessment. 
 We evaluated the Company s ability to accurately estimate its unrecognized tax benefits by comparing historical unrecognized tax benefits to actual results upon conclusion of tax examinations. 
 / s/KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 
 
 Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 
 March 01, 2023 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Genpact Limited: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Genpact Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 01, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 / s/KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP 
 
 Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 
 March 01, 2023 
 F-4 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

Notes As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively 
 4 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 7 Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net 9 Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets 23 Intangible assets, net 10 Goodwill 10 Contract cost assets 25 Other assets, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively 
 11 Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities Short-term borrowings 15 Current portion of long-term debt 14 Accounts payable Income taxes payable 23 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 13 Operating leases liability Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion 14 Operating leases liability Deferred tax liabilities 23 Other liabilities 16 Total liabilities Shareholders' equity Preferred shares, par value, authorized, issued 
 Common shares, par value, authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total equity Commitments and contingencies 26 Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Year ended December 31, Notes 2020 2021 2022 Net revenues 24, 25 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of acquired intangible assets 10 Other operating (income) expense, net 21 ) Income from operations Foreign exchange gains (losses), net Interest income (expense), net 22 ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense 23 Net income Earnings per common share 20 Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares used in computing earnings per common share 20 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 

 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net income (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net of taxes (Note 6) ) ) Retirement benefits, net of taxes ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 (In thousands, except share count) 

 Common shares No. of Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) Transition period adjustment pursuant to ASC 326,net of tax ) ) Adjusted Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) Issuance of common shares on exercise of options (Note 18) Issuance of common shares under the employee stock purchase plan (Note 18) Net settlement on vesting of restricted share units (Note 18) ) ) Net settlement on vesting of performance units (Note 18) ) ) Stock repurchased and retired (Note 19) ) ) ) ) Expenses related to stock repurchase (Note 19) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (Note 18) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividend per common share, Note 19) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-8 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share count) 

 Common shares No. of Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of January 1, 2021 ) Issuance of common shares on exercise of options (Note 18) Issuance of common shares under the employee stock purchase plan (Note 18) Net settlement on vesting of restricted share units (Note 18) ) ) Net settlement on vesting of performance units (Note 18) ) ) Stock repurchased and retired (Note 19) ) ) ) ) Expenses related to stock repurchase (Note 19) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (Note 18) Others ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividend per common share, Note 19) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share count) 

 Common shares No. of Shares Amount Additional Paid- in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of January 1, 2022 ) Issuance of common shares on exercise of options (Note 18) Issuance of common shares under the employee stock purchase plan (Note 18) Net settlement on vesting of restricted share units (Note 18) ) ) Net settlement on vesting of performance units (Note 18) ) ) Stock repurchased and retired (Note 19) ) ) ) ) Expense related to stock repurchase (Note 19) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (Note 18) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividend per common share, Note 19) 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-10 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs (including loss on extinguishment of debt) Amortization of acquired intangible assets Write-down of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment Impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale Write-down of operating lease right-of-use assets and other assets Allowance for credit losses Unrealized loss/(gain) on revaluation of foreign currency asset/liability ) Stock-based compensation expense Deferred tax benefit ) ) ) Others, net ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses, other current assets, contract cost assets, operating lease right-of-use assets and other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses, other current liabilities, operating lease liabilities and other liability ) ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Payment for internally generated intangible assets (including intangibles under development) ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles assets Payment for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from divestiture of business Proceed from sale of investment Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Repayment of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayment of short-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares under stock-based compensation plans Payment for net settlement of stock-based awards ) ) ) Payment of earn-out consideration ) ) ) Dividend paid ) ) ) Payment for stock repurchased and retired (including expenses related to stock repurchase) ) ) ) Others ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Supplementary information Cash paid during the period for interest (including interest rate swaps) Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds Property, plant and equipment acquired under finance lease obligations 
 See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-11 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

1. 
 employees serving clients in key industry verticals from more than countries. 
 
 2. 
 F-12 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

- years Marketing-related intangible assets - years Technology-related intangible assets - years 
 Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives using a method of amortization that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are consumed or otherwise realized. 
 In business combinations where the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible net assets purchased exceeds the cost of the acquired business, the Company recognizes the resulting gain under Other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company also capitalizes certain software and technology-related development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software or technology for sale to customers when the initial design phase is completed and commercial and technological feasibility has been established. Any development cost incurred before technological feasibility is established is expensed as incurred as research and development costs. Technological feasibility is established upon completion of a detailed design program or, in its absence, completion of a working model. Capitalized software and technology costs include only (i) external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining software and technology and (ii) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the project. 
 Costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software or technology for sale to customers which are under development and not put to use are disclosed under intangible assets under development. Advances paid towards the acquisition of intangible assets outstanding as of each balance sheet date are disclosed under intangible assets under development. 
 Capitalized software and technology costs are included in intangible assets under technology-related intangible assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and are amortized on a straight-line basis when placed into service over the estimated useful lives of the software and technology. 
 The Company evaluates the remaining useful life of intangible assets that are being amortized at each reporting period wherever events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization, and the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. 
 F-13 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 F-14 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

F-15 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 . The Company applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. The Company considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal or termination option. After the commencement date, the Company reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within the Company s control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew or terminate the lease. 
 The Company has applied an incremental borrowing rate for the purpose of computing lease liabilities based on the remaining lease term and the rates prevailing in the jurisdictions where leases were executed. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, the Company recorded restructuring charges related to the abandonment of leased office premises and related assets. See Not e 27 for additional information. 

F-16 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

but less than are considered to be short-term investments. Marketable short-term investments are classified and accounted for as available-for-sale investments. Available-for-sale investments are reported at fair value with changes in unrealized gains and losses recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses on investments are determined based on the specific identification method and are included in Other income (expense), net. The Company does not hold these investments for speculative purposes. 
 F-17 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment and servers Plant, machinery and equipment Computer software - Leasehold improvements Lease period or years, whichever is less 
 Vehicles - 
 The Company capitalizes certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable that the software will be used as intended. Capitalized software costs include only (i) external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining computer software, (ii) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the software project, and (iii) interest costs incurred while developing internal-use computer software. 
 Capitalized computer software costs are included in property, plant and equipment on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and amortized on a straight-line basis when placed into service over the estimated useful lives of the software. 
 Advances paid towards acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding as of each balance sheet date and the cost of property, plant and equipment not put to use before such date are disclosed under Capital work in progress. 
 F-18 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

F-19 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

F-20 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 F-21 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

3. 
 of the outstanding equity/limited liability company interests in Hoodoo Digital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, for total purchase consideration of . This amount represents cash consideration of , net of cash acquired of . The total purchase consideration paid by the Company to the sellers on the closing date was , resulting in a recoverable of as of the closing date, which was subsequently received. The Company has made measurement period adjustments of related to taxes during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. This acquisition furthered the Company's strategy to fuse experience and process innovation to help clients drive end-to-end digital transformation. Hoodoo Digital s expertise with Adobe Experience Manager and other Adobe applications expands the Company's existing capabilities to provide clients with an end-to-end solution that integrates digital content, e-commerce, data analytics, and marketing operations. 
 In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded in customer-related intangibles and in marketing-related intangibles which have a weighted average amortization period of . Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to has been allocated using a relative fair value allocation method to each of the Company s reporting segments as follows: to the Financial Services segment in the amount of , to the Consumer and Healthcare segment in the amount of and to the High Tech and Manufacturing segment in the amount of . Goodwill arising from this acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill represents primarily the acquired capabilities and other benefits expected to result from combining the acquired operations with the Company s existing operations. 
 Acquisition-related costs of have been included in selling, general and administrative expenses as incurred. In connection with the acquisition, the Company also acquired certain assets with a value of and assumed certain liabilities amounting to . The agreement with the sellers provides a full indemnity to the Company for all pre-closing income and non-income tax liabilities up to a maximum of the purchase consideration, including interest and penalties thereon. The Company would not be financially or materially affected by any liabilities that may arise from such exposures. 
 F-22 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 based on the information that was available at the date of the acquisition, which is included in the assets taken over by the Company. The results of operations of the acquired business and the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements with effect from the date of the acquisition. 
 (b) Enquero Inc 
 On December 31, 2020, the Company acquired of the outstanding equity interests in Enquero Inc, a California corporation, and certain affiliated entities in India, the Netherlands and Canada (collectively referred to as Enquero for total purchase consideration of . This amount represents cash consideration of , net of cash acquired of . The total purchase consideration paid by the Company to the sellers on the closing date was . No portion of the purchase consideration is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. This acquisition increased the scale and depth of the Company s data and analytics capabilities and enhanced the Company s ability to accelerate the digital transformation journeys of its clients through cloud technologies and advanced data analytics. 
 In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded in customer-related intangibles, in marketing-related intangibles and in technology-related intangibles, which have a weighted average amortization period of . Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to has been allocated using a relative fair value allocation method to each of the Company s reporting segments as follows: to the Financial Services segment in the amount of , to the Consumer and Healthcare segment in the amount of and to the High Tech and Manufacturing segment in the amount of . The goodwill arising from this acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill represents primarily the acquired capabilities and other benefits expected to result from combining the acquired operations with the Company s existing operations. 
 Acquisition-related costs of have been included in selling, general and administrative expenses as incurred. In connection with the acquisition, the Company also acquired certain assets with a value of , assumed certain liabilities amounting to and recognized a net deferred tax liability of . The agreement with the sellers provides a full indemnity to the Company for all pre-closing income and non-income tax liabilities up to a maximum of the purchase consideration, including interest and penalties thereon. The Company would not be financially or materially affected by any liabilities that may arise from such exposures. 
 Accordingly, the Company recognized an indemnification asset of based on the information that was available at the date of the acquisition, which is included in the assets taken over by the Company. The results of operations of the acquired business and the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements with effect from the date of the acquisition. 
 (c) SomethingDigital.Com LLC 
 On October 5, 2020, the Company acquired of the outstanding equity/limited liability company interests in SomethingDigital.Com LLC, a New York limited liability company, for total purchase consideration of . This amount represents cash consideration of , net of cash acquired of . The total purchase consideration paid by the Company to the sellers on the closing date was , resulting in a recoverable of . No portion of the purchase consideration is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 This acquisition supported the Company s strategy to integrate experience and process innovation to help clients on their digital transformation journeys and expanded on the Company s existing experience capabilities to support end-to-end digital commerce solutions, both business-to-business and business-to-consumer. Additionally, this acquisition expanded the Company s capabilities into Magento Commerce, which powers Adobe Commerce Cloud, and Shopify Plus, a cloud-based e-commerce platform for high volume merchants. 
 In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded in customer-related intangibles and in marketing-related intangibles which have a weighted average amortization period of . Goodwill arising from the acquisition amounting to has been allocated using a relative fair value allocation method to of the Company s reporting segments as follows: to the Consumer and Healthcare segment in the amount of and to the High Tech and Manufacturing segment in the amount of . Of the total goodwill arising from this acquisition, is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 F-23 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 have been included in selling, general and administrative expenses as incurred. In connection with the acquisition, the Company also acquired certain assets with a value of , assumed certain liabilities amounting to and recognized a net deferred tax asset of . The results of operations of the acquired business and the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements with effect from the date of the acquisition. 
 
 4. 
 Transition period adjustment on accounts receivables (through retained earnings) pursuant to adoption of ASC 326 Adjusted balance as of January 1 Additions due to acquisitions Additions (net), charged to income statement Deductions/effect of exchange rate fluctuations ) ) ) Closing balance 
 Accounts receivable were and , and allowances for credit losses were and , resulting in net accounts receivable balances of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain accounts receivable amounting to and classified as assets held for sale relating to a business designated as held for sale, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 The Company has a revolving accounts receivable-based facility of permitting it to sell accounts receivable to banks on a non-recourse basis in the ordinary course of business. The aggregate maximum capacity utilized by the Company at any time during the period ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was and , respectively. The principal amount outstanding against this facility as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 was and , respectively. The cost of factoring such accounts receivable during the year ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 was , and , respectively. Gains or losses on the sales are recorded at the time of transfer of the accounts receivable and are included under "interest income (expense), net" in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 

F-24 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 5. 
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Note a, e) Total Liabilities Earn-out consideration (Note b, d) Derivative instruments (Note b, c) Deferred compensation plan liability (Note b, f) Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Other Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets Derivative instruments (Note a, c) Deferred compensation plan assets (a, e) Total Liabilities Earn-out consideration (Note b, d) Derivative instruments (Note b, c) Deferred compensation plan liability (b, f) Total 
 (a) Derivative assets are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets. Deferred compensation plan assets are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) Included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (c) The Company values its derivative instruments based on market observable inputs, including both forward and spot prices for the relevant currencies and interest rate indices for relevant interest rates. The quotes are taken from an independent market database. 
 (d) The fair value of earn-out consideration, calculated as the present value of expected future payments to be made to the sellers of acquired businesses, was derived by estimating the future financial performance of the acquired businesses using the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement and adjusting the result to reflect the Company s estimate of the likelihood of achievement of such targets. Given the significance of the unobservable inputs, the valuations are classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-25 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

Payments made on earn-out consideration (Note a) ) ) Change in fair value of earn-out consideration (Note b) ) ) Others (Note c) Closing balance 
 (a) Includes interest payments on earn-out consideration in excess of the acquisition date fair value, which are included in cash flows from operating activities and amount to and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 (b) Changes in the fair value of earn-out consideration are reported in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 (c) Others is comprised of interest expense included in interest income (expense), net and the impact of changes in foreign exchange reported in foreign exchange gains (losses), net in the consolidated statements of income. This also includes a cumulative translation adjustment reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). 
 Additions (net of redemption) Change in fair value of deferred compensation plan assets (Note a) ) Closing balance 
 (a) Changes in the fair value of plan assets are reported in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Additions (net of redemption) Change in fair value of deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note a) ) Closing balance 
 (a) Changes in the fair value of deferred compensation liabilities are reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-26 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 6. 
 months and the forecasted transactions are expected to occur during the same periods. 
 ) United States Dollars (sell) Mexican Peso (buy) United States Dollars (sell) Philippines Peso (buy) ) ) Euro (sell) United States Dollars (buy) Singapore Dollars (buy) United States Dollars (sell) Euro (sell) Romanian Leu (buy) ) Japanese Yen (sell) Chinese Renminbi (buy) ) United States Dollars (sell) Chinese Renminbi (buy) Pound Sterling (sell) United States Dollars (buy) United States Dollars (sell) Hungarian Font (buy) ) Hungarian Font (Sell) Euro (buy) ) Australian Dollars (sell) Indian Rupees (buy) ) United States Dollars (Sell) Polish Zloty (buy) Japanese Yen (sell) United States Dollars (buy) ) Israeli Shekel (sell) United States Dollars (buy) South African Rand (sell) United States Dollars (buy) ) Interest rate swaps (floating to fixed) ) ) 
 
 (a) Notional amounts are key elements of derivative financial instrument agreements but do not represent the amount exchanged by counterparties and do not measure the Company s exposure to credit, foreign exchange, interest rate or other market risks. However, the amounts exchanged are based on the notional amounts and other provisions of the underlying derivative financial instrument agreements. Notional amounts are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 (b) Balance sheet exposure is denominated in U.S. dollars and denotes the mark-to-market impact of the derivative financial instruments on the reporting date. 
 F-27 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Other assets Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other liabilities 
 Cash flow hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain (loss) on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction is recognized in the consolidated statements of income. Gains (losses) on the derivatives, representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness, are recognized in earnings as incurred. 
 The Company executed a treasury rate lock agreement for in connection with future interest payments to be made on its senior notes issued by Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. Genpact Luxembourg and Genpact USA, Inc. Genpact USA ), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, in March 2021 (the 2021 Senior Notes ), and the treasury rate lock was designated as a cash flow hedge. The treasury rate lock agreement was terminated on March 23, 2021 and a deferred gain was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2021 Senior Notes. The remaining gain to be amortized related to the treasury rate lock agreement as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 F-28 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) ) ) ) ) ) Net gains (losses) reclassified into statement of income on completion of hedged transactions ) ) ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value of effective portion of outstanding derivatives, net ) ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net ) ) ) ) ) Closing balance ) ) ) ) ) 
 ) Revenue Interest rate swaps ) Cost of revenue ) ) Treasury rate lock Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 There were no gains (losses) recognized in the statement of income on the ineffective portion of derivatives and excluded from effectiveness testing for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company had interest rate swaps under which the Company received floating rate payments based on the greater of LIBOR and the floor rate under the term loan under the Company's amended and restated credit agreement entered into in August 2018 (the "2018 Credit Agreement") and made payments based on a fixed rate. These interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges. In December 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "2022 Credit Agreement"), which replaced the 2018 Credit Agreement. Upon its entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company also modified its interest rate swaps. With the modification, the Company now has interest rate swaps under which it will (a) receive floating-rate payments based on the greater of Term SOFR and the floor rate under the term loan under the 2022 Credit Agreement and (b) make payments based on a fixed rate. The Company has elected the optional expedients and exceptions available under Reference Rate Reform Topic 848 and continues to designate its modified interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges . 
 F-29 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) ) Forward foreign exchange contracts (Note b) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net ) ) 
 a) These forward foreign exchange contracts were entered into to hedge fluctuations in foreign exchange rates for recognized balance sheet items, such as receivables and intercompany borrowings, and were not originally designated as hedges under FASB guidance on derivatives and hedging. Realized gains (losses) and changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in foreign exchange gains (losses), net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 b) These forward foreign exchange contracts were initially designated as cash flow hedges under ASC guidance on derivatives and hedging. These contracts were terminated because certain forecasted transactions were no longer expected to occur and therefore hedge accounting was no longer applied. Subsequently, the realized gains (losses) are recorded in foreign exchange gains (losses), net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 7. 
 Contract asset (Note 25) Prepaid expenses Derivative instruments Employee advances Deposits Advances to suppliers Others Total 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain prepaid expenses and other current assets amounting to and classified as assets held for sale relating to a business designated as held for sale, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 

F-30 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 8. 
 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of an entity pursuant to a stock purchase agreement, which was completed in December 2022. It also included the transfer of certain assets and liabilities pursuant to an asset purchase agreement signed during the fourth quarter of 2022. The sale of assets pursuant to the asset purchase agreement was completed in February 2023. 
 As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company, before recording an impairment charge, transferred to the purchasers under the asset purchase agreement certain assets and liabilities with carrying values of and , respectively. Additionally, certain assets and liabilities amounting to and , respectively, have been classified as held for sale, relating to the portion of the Business for which the sale was closed in February 2023. 
 The Company recorded an impairment charge of to adjust the carrying amount of assets to their fair value. Of the total impairment charge, pertains to intangible assets, pertains to property, plant and equipment, pertains to goodwill, pertains to prepaid expense, contract cost assets and other assets and pertains to accounts receivable. The impairment charge has been recorded in "other operating (income) expense, net" in the Company's consolidated statement of income. See Note 21 for additional information. 
 Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement related to the sale of the Business, the Company is entitled to a potential earn-out of up to , contingent upon the business signing contracts with certain clients and invoicing them during 2023. The Company determined that the likelihood of achieving these events is uncertain, and accordingly, the Company has opted to record the earn-out if and when the consideration is determined to be realizable. 
 Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement related to the sale of the Business, the Company now holds fixed rate unsecured loan notes amounting to issued by the purchasers. These notes and interest thereon become receivable by the Company upon future share sale, disposal or listing by the buyer group or early voluntary repayment of these notes at the discretion of the buyer group. The Company has deemed the likelihood of recovery of principal and interest on these notes as remote and not in the control of the Company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recorded a value for these notes. The Company's obligation to transfer to the purchasers in exchange for these notes was satisfied in February 2023 upon the closing of the transaction. 
 The net purchase consideration payable by the Company in connection with the sale of the Business amounted to . Of the total net purchase consideration payable, was received by the Company pursuant to the stock purchase agreement and (related to the unsecured loan notes and certain transaction costs) remains payable by the Company to the purchasers as part of the asset purchase agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-31 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 9. 
 Buildings Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment and servers Plant, machinery and equipment Computer software Leasehold improvements Vehicles Capital work in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 was , and , respectively. Computer software amortization for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 The depreciation and amortization expenses set forth above include the effect of the reclassification of foreign exchange (gains) losses related to the effective portion of foreign currency derivative contracts, amounting to , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company recorded a write-down to property, plant and equipment computer software during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 as described in Note 10. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain property plant and equipment with a gross carrying value and accumulated depreciation amounting to and , respectively, and classified certain property plant and equipment with a gross carrying value and accumulated depreciation amounting to and , respectively, as assets held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 10. 
 Goodwill relating to acquisitions consummated during the period Impact of measurement period adjustments Classified as held for sale ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations ) ) Closing balance 
 F-32 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Goodwill relating to acquisitions consummated during the period Impact of measurement period adjustments Effect of exchange rate fluctuations ) ) ) ) Closing balance 
 The following table presents the changes in goodwill by reporting unit for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Financial Services Consumer and Healthcare High Tech and Manufacturing Total Opening balance Impact of measurement period adjustments Classified as held for sale ) ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations ) ) ) ) Closing balance 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, the Company performed assessments to determine whether events or circumstances exist that may lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Based on such assessments for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of any of the Company s reporting units are less than their carrying amounts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company classified goodwill (before impairment) amounting to attributable to its Consumer and Healthcare segment as assets held for sale, and this amount has been written off . See Note 8 for additional information. 
 The total amount of the Company s goodwill deductible for tax purposes was and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Marketing-related intangible assets Technology-related intangible assets Total 
 Amortization expenses for intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination and disclosed in the consolidated statements of income under amortization of acquired intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were , and , respectively. 
 F-33 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 and , respectively, and classified certain intangible assets with a gross carrying value and accumulated amortization amounting to and , respectively, as assets held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 Amortization expenses for internally-developed and other intangible assets disclosed in the consolidated statements of income under cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were , and , respectively. 
 Amortization expenses for the technology-related, internally-developed intangible assets set forth above include the effect of the reclassification of foreign exchange (gains) losses related to the effective portion of foreign currency derivative contracts, amounting to , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company tested for recoverability certain customer-related and technology-related intangible assets, including those under development, goodwill and certain property, plant and equipment, including those held for sale (see Note 8 for additional information), as a result of changes in the Company s investment strategy and market trends which led to a decision to cease certain service offerings. Based on the results of its testing, the Company determined that the carrying value of certain assets tested were not recoverable and the Company recorded complete write-downs of the carrying values of these assets amounting to , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. These write-downs have been recorded in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Customer related intangibles Goodwill Total Intangibles Property, plant and equipment Total Property, plant and equipment Grand Total 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and beyond Total 

F-34 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 11. 
 Advance income and non-income taxes Deposits Derivative instruments Prepaid expenses Deferred billings, net Right of use (ROU) assets finance lease Others Total 
 Deferred billings were and and allowances for credit losses on deferred billings were and , resulting in net deferred billings balances of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Company recorded additional charges of and , respectively, and a release of during the year ended December 31, 2022 in the income statement on account of credit losses on deferred billings. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain other assets amounting to and classified as assets held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 12. 
 years. The lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Interest on lease liabilities (Note b) 
 Operating lease cost (Note c) Short-term lease cost (Note c) Variable lease cost (Note c) Total lease cost 
 
 a) Included in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income. 
 b) Included in interest income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 c) Included in cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 ROU assets relating to finance leases of and as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively, are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 F-35 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 The operating lease cost set out above includes the effect of the reclassification of foreign exchange (gains) losses related to the effective portion of foreign currency derivative contracts amounting to , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Other information 
 years years years Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate finance leases Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 F-36 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 , and , respectively, relating to operating lease right-of-use assets due to the Company s shift to a virtual operating environment. Of the total impairment charge recorded, and pertains to restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, respectively. See Note 27 for additional details . 
 
 13. 
 Accrued employee cost Earn-out consideration Statutory liabilities Retirement benefits Compensated absences Derivative instruments Contract liabilities (Note 25) Finance lease liability Others Total 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain accrued expense and other current liabilities amounting to and classified as liabilities held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 14. 
 term loan and a revolving credit facility, and entered into in amended and restated credit agreement (the "2022 Credit Agreement") with Genpact USA., Inc. Genpact USA ), Genpact Global Holdings (Bermuda) Limited GGH and Genpact Luxembourg S.a.r.l. Genpact Luxembourg , and together with Genpact USA and GGH, the Borrowers ), as borrowers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, and the lenders and other parties thereto, which is comprised of a term loan and a revolving credit facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement, which is guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, replaces the 2018 Credit Agreement. The obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are unsecured. 
 F-37 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 . The revolving credit facility and the term loan have a term of and expire on December 13, 2027. The 2022 Credit Agreement did not result in a substantial modification of of the outstanding term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement. Further, as a result of the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company extinguished of funding arrangements for the outstanding term loan under the 2018 Credit Agreement and obtained funding from new lenders of , resulting in outstanding principal of of the term loan under the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 In connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company expensed , representing partial acceleration of the amortization of the existing unamortized debt issuance costs and an additional fee paid to the Company s lenders related to the term loan. The overall borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility increased from under the 2018 Credit Agreement to under the 2022 Credit Agreement. In connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company expensed relating to existing unamortized debt issuance cost. The remaining unamortized costs and an additional third-party fee paid in connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement will be amortized over the term of the amended facility. 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to, at the election of the Company, either Adjusted Term SOFR (which is the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR (the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate) plus (b) a Term SOFR Adjustment of per annum, but in no case lower than plus an applicable margin equal to per annum or a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to per annum, in each case subject to adjustment based on the Borrowers' debt ratings provided by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (the "Debt Ratings"). The revolving credit commitments under the 2022 Credit Agreement are subject to a commitment fee equal to per annum, subject to adjustment based on the Debt Ratings. The commitment fee accrues on the actual daily amount by which the aggregate revolving commitments exceed the sum of outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit obligations. 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement restricts certain payments, including dividend payments, if there is an event of default under the 2022 Credit Agreement or if the Company is not, or after making the payment would not be, in compliance with certain financial covenants contained in the 2022 Credit Agreement. These covenants require the Company to maintain a net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of below 3x and an interest coverage ratio of more than 3x. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement, including all of the financial covenants therein. The Company s retained earnings are not subject to any restrictions on availability to make dividend payments to shareholders, subject to compliance with the financial covenants described above that are contained in the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the Company's term loans, net of debt amortization expense of and , respectively, was and , respectively. 
 Indebtedness under the 2022 Credit Agreement is unsecured. The amount outstanding on the term loan as of December 31, 2022 requires quarterly payments of , and the balance of the loan is due and payable upon the maturity of the term loan on December 13, 2027. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 F-38 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 aggregate principal amount of senior notes in November 2019 (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes are fully guaranteed by the Company. The total debt issuance cost of incurred in connection with the 2019 Senior Notes offering is being amortized over the life of the 2019 Senior Notes as an additional interest expense. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2019 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expense of and , respectively, was and , respectively, which is payable on December 1, 2024. 
 In March 2021, Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. and Genpact USA, Inc., both wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, co-issued aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the 2021 Senior Notes, and together with the 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2021 Senior Notes are fully guaranteed by the Company. The total debt issuance cost of incurred in connection with the 2021 Senior Notes is being amortized over the life of the 2021 Senior Notes as additional interest expense. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the amount outstanding under the 2021 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expense of and , respectively, was and , respectively, which is payable on April 10, 2026. 
 The Company pays interest on (i) the 2019 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, and (ii) the 2021 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on April 10 and October 10 of each year, ending on the maturity dates of December 1, 2024 and April 10, 2026, respectively. The Company, at its option, may redeem the Senior Notes at any time in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to (i) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed amount, and (ii) if the notes are redeemed prior to, in the case of the 2019 Senior Notes, November 1, 2024, and in the case of the 2021 Senior Notes, March 10, 2026, a specified make-whole premium. The Senior Notes are subject to certain customary covenants, including limitations on the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to incur debt secured by liens, engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge, convey or transfer their assets substantially as an entirety. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company and its applicable subsidiaries were in compliance with the covenants. Upon certain change of control transactions, the applicable issuer or issuers will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The interest rate payable on the Senior Notes is subject to adjustment if the credit rating of the Senior Notes is downgraded, up to a maximum increase of . 
 2017 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expenses 
 2019 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expenses 
 2021 Senior Notes, net of debt amortization expenses 
 Total Current portion Non-current portion Total 
 
 15. 
 and , respectively, of which and , respectively, was utilized, constituting non-funded drawdown. 
 F-39 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , which the Company obtained by entering into the 2022 Credit Agreement on December 13, 2022. The term loan and revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement expire on December 13, 2027. 
 (c) Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to, at the election of the Company, either Adjusted Term SOFR (which is the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR (the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate) plus (b) a Term SOFR Adjustment of per annum, but in no case lower than plus an applicable margin equal to per annum or a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to per annum. The unutilized amount on the revolving credit facilities under the 2018 Credit Agreement and the 2022 Credit Agreement bore a commitment fee of as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, a total of and , respectively, was utilized, of which and , respectively, constituted funded drawdown and and , respectively, constituted non-funded drawdown. The 2022 Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants, including a maximum leverage covenant and a minimum interest coverage ratio. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 16. 
 Earn-out consideration Retirement benefits Compensated absences Derivative instruments Contract liabilities (Note 25) Finance lease liability Others Total 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain other liabilities amounting to and classified as liabilities held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 17. 
 F-40 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Service cost Actuarial loss/(Gain) ) ) Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Curtailments ) ) Loss/(Gain) on exchange rate changes ) ) Projected benefit obligation at the end of the year Change in fair value of plan assets Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year Employer contributions Actual gain on plan assets Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) (Loss)/Gain on exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year Funded status, end of year ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets Non-current assets (recorded under other assets-others) Current liabilities (recorded under accrued expenses and other current liabilities-retirement benefits) ) ) Non-current liabilities (recorded under other liabilities- retirement benefits) ) ) Funded status, end of year ) 
 F-41 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 
 ) ) Net prior service credit / (cost) ) ) ) Deferred tax benefits Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) 
 Amortization of net actuarial loss Deferred tax (expense) benefits ) ) Net prior service credit / (cost) Curtailment Settlements Effect of exchange rate changes Other comprehensive income (loss), net 
 Funded status for defined benefit plans 
 Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
 The projected benefit obligation for defined benefit plans in excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2021 2022 Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
 The amount of net projected benefit obligation and plan assets for all underfunded (including unfunded) defined benefit obligation plans was and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and was classified as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-42 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Interest costs Amortization of actuarial loss Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlements Net defined benefit plan costs 
 Expected Contributions 
 The Company estimates that it will pay approximately in fiscal 2023 related to contributions to defined benefit plans. 
 - - Rate of increase in compensation per annum - - 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the Indian Gratuity Plan costs for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Discount rate - - - Rate of increase in compensation per annum - - - Expected long term rate of return on plan assets per annum - - 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations of the Mexican Plan as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 As of December 31, 2021 2022 Discount rate Rate of increase in compensation per annum 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the costs of the Mexican Plan for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Discount rate Rate of increase in compensation per annum 
 F-43 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Rate of increase in compensation per annum - 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the costs of the Philippines Plan for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Discount rate Rate of increase in compensation per annum Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets per annum 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation of the Japan Plan as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 As of December 31, 2021 2022 Discount rate Rate of increase in compensation per annum 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine the costs of the Japan Plan for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are presented below: 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Discount rate - - - Rate of increase in compensation per annum Expected long term rate of return on plan assets per annum - - - 
 The expected returns on plan assets set forth above are based on the Company s expectation of the average long-term rate of return expected to prevail over the next to years on the types of investments prescribed by applicable statute. 
 The Company evaluates these assumptions based on projections of the Company s long-term growth and prevalent industry standards. Unrecognized actuarial loss is amortized over the average remaining service period of the active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan. 
 Investment and risk management strategy 
 The overall investment objective of the Company s defined benefit plans is to match the duration of the plans assets to the plans liabilities while managing risk in order to meet defined benefit obligations. The plans future prospects, their current financial conditions, our current funding levels and other relevant factors suggest that the plans can tolerate some interim fluctuations in market value and rates of return in order to achieve long-term objectives without undue risk to the plans ability to meet their current benefit obligations. 
 Plan investments are exposed to risks including market, interest rate and operating risk. In order to mitigate significant concentrations of these risks, the assets are invested in a diversified portfolio primarily consisting of fixed income instruments, liquid assets, equities and debt. 
 F-44 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Fixed income securities (Note a) Other securities (Note b) Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Other Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Asset Category Cash Fixed income securities (Note a) Other securities (Note b) Total 
 (a) Includes investments in funds that invest of their assets in fixed income securities such as money market instruments, government securities and public and private bonds. 
 (b) Includes investments in funds that invest primarily in equity securities. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 The Company s expected benefit plan payments are based on the same assumptions that were used to measure the Company s benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-45 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 U.S. U.K. China Other regions Total 
 Deferred compensation plan 
 On July 1, 2018, Genpact LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, adopted an executive deferred compensation plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides a select group of U.S.-based members of Company management with the opportunity to defer from to of their base salary and from to of their qualifying bonus compensation (or such other minimums or maximums as determined by the Plan administrator from time to time) pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Participant deferrals are vested at all times. The Plan also allows for discretionary supplemental employer contributions by the Company, in its sole discretion, which will be subject to a vesting schedule vesting on the one-year anniversary of approval of the contribution and vesting on the second year anniversary of approval of the contribution) or such other vesting schedule as determined by the Company. However, no such contributions have been made by the Company to date. 
 The Plan also provides an option for participants to elect to receive deferred compensation and earnings thereon on either fixed date(s) no earlier than following the applicable Plan year (or end of the applicable performance period for performance-based bonus compensation) or following a separation from service, in each case either in a lump sum or in annual installments over a term of up to years. Each Plan participant s compensation deferrals and discretionary supplemental employer contributions (if any) are credited or debited with notional investment gains and losses equal to the performance of selected hypothetical investment funds offered under the Plan and elected by the participant. 
 The Company has investments in funds held in Company-owned life insurance policies which are held in a Rabbi Trust that are classified as trading securities. Management determines the appropriate classification of the securities at the time they are acquired and evaluates the appropriateness of such classifications at each balance sheet date. 
 The liability for the deferred compensation plan was and as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the administration of the Plan, the Company has purchased company-owned life insurance policies insuring the lives of certain employees. The cash surrender value of these policies was and as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The cash surrender value of these insurance policies is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the change in the fair value of Plan assets was , and ), respectively, which is included in other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of income. During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the change in the fair value of deferred compensation liabilities was , and ), respectively, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

F-46 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 18. 
 common shares. 
 2017 Omnibus Plan 
 On May 9, 2017, the Company s shareholders approved the adoption of the 2017 Omnibus Plan, pursuant to which Company common shares are available for issuance. The 2017 Omnibus Plan was amended and restated on April 5, 2019 and April 5, 2022 to increase the number of common shares authorized for issuance by shares to shares and by shares to shares, respectively. No grants may be made under the 2007 Omnibus Plan after the date of adoption of the 2017 Omnibus Plan. Grants that were outstanding under the 2007 Omnibus Plan as of the Company s adoption of the 2017 Omnibus Plan, remain subject to the terms of the 2007 Omnibus Plan. 
 Stock-based compensation costs relating to the foregoing plans during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, were , and , respectively, and have been allocated to cost of revenue and selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 Income tax benefits recognized in relation to stock-based compensation costs, including options, RSUs and PUs, including excess tax benefits, during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were , and , respectively. 
 Stock options 
 All options granted under the 2007 and 2017 Omnibus Plans are exercisable into common shares of the Company, have a contractual period of and vest over three to unless otherwise specified in the applicable award agreement. The Company recognizes such compensation cost over the vesting period of the option. 
 The compensation cost is determined at the date of grant by estimating the fair value of an option using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 
 Expected life (in months) Risk-free rate of interest for expected life Volatility 
 Volatility was calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company s share price during a period equivalent to the estimated term of the option. The Company estimates the expected term of an option using the simplified method, which is based on the average of its contractual vesting term. The risk-free interest rate that the Company uses in the option valuation model is based on U.S. Treasury bonds with a term similar to the expected term of the options. The Company paid cash dividends of and per share in each quarter of fiscal 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company has issued, and intends to continue to issue, new common shares upon stock option exercises and the vesting of share awards under its equity-based incentive compensation plans. 
 F-47 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Granted Forfeited ) Expired Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Vested as of December 31, 2020 and expected to vest thereafter (Note a) Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2020 Weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the period 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Shares arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Weighted average remaining contractual life (years) Aggregate intrinsic value Outstanding as of January 1, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Expired Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Vested as of December 31, 2021 and expected to vest thereafter (Note a) Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2021 Weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Shares arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Weighted average remaining contractual life (years) Aggregate intrinsic value Outstanding as of January 1, 2022 Granted Forfeited ) Expired Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested as of December 31, 2022 and expected to vest thereafter (Note a) Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the period 
 (a) Options expected to vest after considering an estimated forfeiture rate. 
 F-48 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , and , respectively. Tax benefits from the exercise of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were , and (including excess tax benefits of , and ), respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation cost for options expected to vest amounted to , which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite vesting period of years. 
 Restricted Share Units 
 The Company has granted restricted share units ("RSUs"), under the 2007 and 2017 Omnibus Plans. Each RSU represents the right to receive common share. The fair value of each RSU is the market price of common share of the Company on the date of grant. The RSUs granted to date have graded vesting schedules of to . The compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting term. 
 Granted Vested (Note b) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Number of Restricted Share Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding as of January 1, 2021 Granted Vested (Note c) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 F-49 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Granted Vested (Note d) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 (a) RSUs expected to vest after considering an estimated forfeiture rate. 
 (b) RSUs that vested during the period were net settled upon vesting by issuing shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). RSUs vested in the year ended December 31, 2020, in respect of which shares were issued during the period ended December 31, 2022 after withholding shares to the extent required to satisfy minimum statutory withholding obligations. 
 (c) RSUs that vested during the period were net settled upon vesting by issuing shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). RSUs vested in the year ended December 31, 2021, shares in respect of which will be issued in 2023 after withholding shares to the extent of minimum statutory withholding taxes. RSUs vested in the year ended December 31, 2021, in respect of which shares were issued during the period ended December 31, 2022 after withholding shares to the extent required to satisfy minimum statutory withholding obligations. 
 RSUs that vested during the period were net settled upon vesting by issuing shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). RSUs vested in the year ended December 31, 2022, shares in respect of which will be issued in 2023 after withholding shares to the extent of minimum statutory withholding taxes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to RSUs amounted to , which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite vesting period of years. 
 Performance Units 
 The Company also grants stock awards in the form of performance units ("PUs"), and has granted PUs under both the 2007 and 2017 Omnibus Plans. 
 Each PU represents the right to receive common share at a future date based on the Company s performance against specified targets. PUs granted to date have vesting schedules of to . The fair value of each PU is the market price of common share of the Company on the date of grant and assumes that performance targets will be achieved. PUs granted under the plan are subject to cliff vesting. The compensation expense for such awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting term. During the performance period, the Company s estimate of the number of shares to be issued is adjusted upward or downward based upon the probability of achievement of the performance targets. The ultimate number of shares issued and the related compensation cost recognized is based on a comparison of the final performance metrics to the specified targets. 
 F-50 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Granted Vested (Note b) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note c) ) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note d) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Number of Performance Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Maximum Shares Eligible to Receive Outstanding as of January 1, 2021 Granted Vested (Note e) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note f) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note g) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Number of Performance Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Maximum Shares Eligible to Receive Outstanding as of January 1, 2022 Granted Vested (Note h) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note i) Adjustment upon final determination of level of performance goal achievement (Note j) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest (Note a) 
 (a) PUs expected to vest are based on the probable achievement of the performance targets after considering an estimated forfeiture rate. 
 F-51 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). 
 (c) Represents a decrease in the number of target shares expected to vest as a result of achievement of lower-than-target performance for the PUs granted in 2020, partially offset by an adjustment made in March 2020 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2019 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 (d) Represents the difference between the maximum number of shares achievable and the number of shares expected to vest under the PU awards granted in 2020 based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. Also includes an adjustment made in March 2020 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2019 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 (e) Vested PUs in the year 2021 were net settled upon vesting by issuing shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). 
 (f) Represents a increase in the number of target shares expected to vest as a result of achievement of higher-than-target performance for PUs granted in 2021, partially offset by an adjustment made in March 2021 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2020 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 (g) Represents the difference between the maximum number of shares achievable and the number of shares expected to vest under the PU awards granted in 2021 based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. Also includes an adjustment made in March 2021 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2020 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 (h) PSUs that vested during the year 2022 were net settled upon vesting by issuing shares (net of minimum statutory tax withholding). 
 (i) Represents a increase in the number of target shares expected to vest as a result of achievement of higher-than-target performance for PUs granted in 2022, partially offset by an adjustment made in March 2022 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2021 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 (j) Represents the difference between the maximum number of shares achievable and the number of shares expected to vest under the PU awards granted in 2022 based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. Also includes an adjustment made in March 2022 to the number of shares subject to the PUs granted in 2021 upon certification of the level of achievement of the performance targets underlying such awards. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to PUs amounted to , which will be recognized over the weighed average remaining requisite vesting period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 
 On May 1, 2008, the Company adopted the Genpact Limited U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Genpact Limited International Employee Stock Purchase Plan (together, the ESPP ). In April 2018, these plans were amended and restated, and their terms were extended to August 31, 2028. 
 The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase the Company s common shares through payroll deductions at of the closing price of the Company s common shares on the last business day of each purchase interval. The dollar amount of common shares purchased under the ESPP must not exceed of the participating employee s base salary, subject to a cap of per employee per calendar year. With effect from September 1, 2009, the offering periods commence on the first business day in March, June, September and December of each year and end on the last business day of the subsequent May, August, November and February. common shares have been reserved for issuance in the aggregate over the term of the ESPP. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, , and common shares, respectively, were issued under the ESPP. 
 The ESPP is considered compensatory under FASB guidance on Compensation-Stock Compensation. 
 F-52 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , and , respectively, and has been allocated to cost of revenue and selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 19. 
 million common shares with a par value of per share, and million preferred shares with a par value of per share. There were and common shares, and preferred shares, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Holders of common shares are entitled to vote per share. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, common shareholders are entitled to receive a ratable share of the available net assets of the Company after payment of all debts and other liabilities. The common shares have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 
 The Company s board of directors by resolution can establish one or more series of preferred shares having such par value, designations, dividend rates, relative voting rights, conversion or exchange rights, redemption rights, liquidation rights and other relative participation, optional or other rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions as may be fixed by the board of directors without shareholder approval. Such rights, preferences, powers and limitations as may be established could also have the effect of discouraging an attempt to obtain control of the Company. These preferred shares are of the type commonly known as blank-check preferred shares. 
 Under Bermuda law, the Company may declare and pay dividends from time to time unless there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is or would, after the payment, be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or that the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities, its issued share capital, and its share premium accounts. Under the Company s bye-laws, each common share is entitled to dividends if, as and when dividends are declared by the Company s board of directors. There are no restrictions in Bermuda on the Company s ability to transfer funds (other than funds denominated in Bermuda dollars) in or out of Bermuda or to pay dividends to U.S. residents who are holders of common shares. The Company s ability to declare and pay cash dividends is restricted by its debt covenants. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has authorized repurchases of up to under the Company s existing share repurchase program. The Company s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be purchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company repurchased , and of its common shares, respectively, on the open market at a weighted average price of , and per share, respectively, for an aggregate cash amount of , and , respectively. All repurchased shares have been retired. 
 The Company records repurchases of its common shares on the settlement date of each transaction. Shares purchased and retired are deducted to the extent of their par value from common stock and from retained earnings for the excess over par value. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares purchased. For the years ended December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, , and , respectively, was deducted from retained earnings in direct costs related to share repurchases. 
 remained available for share repurchases under our existing share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. This repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares and does not specify an expiration date. 
 F-53 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 increase in its quarterly cash dividend to per share, up from per share in 2019, representing an annual dividend of per common share, up from per share in 2019, payable to holders of the Company s common shares. On March 18, 2020, June 26, 2020, September 23, 2020 and December 23, 2020, the Company paid dividends of per share, amounting to , , and in the aggregate, to shareholders of record as of March 9, 2020, June 11, 2020, September 11, 2020 and December 9, 2020, respectively. 
 On February 9, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a increase in its quarterly cash dividend to per share, up from per share in 2020, representing an annual dividend of per common share, up from per share in 2020, payable to holders of the Company s common shares. On March 19, 2021, June 23, 2021, September 24, 2021 and December 22, 2021, the Company paid dividends of per share, amounting to , , and in the aggregate, to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2021, June 11, 2021, September 10, 2021 and December 10, 2021, respectively. 
 On February 10, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a increase in its quarterly cash dividend to per share, up from per share in 2021, representing an annual dividend of per common share, up from per share in 2021, payable to holders of the Company s common shares. On March 23, 2022, June 24, 2022, September 23, 2022 and December 23, 2022, the Company paid a dividend of per share, amounting to , , and in the aggregate, to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2022, June 10, 2022, September 9, 2022 and December 9, 2022, respectively. 
 
 20. 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Net income Weighted average number of common shares used in computing basic earnings per common share Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Weighted average number of common shares used in computing dilutive earnings per common share Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 

F-54 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 21. 
 Write-down of operating lease right-of-use assets and other assets Impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale Change in fair value of earn out consideration and deferred consideration (relating to business acquisitions) ) ) ) Other operating (income) expense ) ) ) Other operating (income) expense, net ) 
 Refer to Notes 8, 10 and 27 for additional information about other operating (income) expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 Of the total write-down, and pertains to restructuring charges for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, respectively. No such charges were recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Notes 12 and 27 for additional information. 
 
 22. 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) 
 
 23. 
 Other comprehensive income: Cash flow hedges ) ) Retirement benefits ) Retained earnings: Deferred tax benefit recognized on adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) 
 Foreign (other than U.S.) Income before income tax expense 
 F-55 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Domestic (U.S. state) Foreign (other than U.S.) Deferred tax expense (benefit): Domestic (U.S. federal) ) ) ) Domestic (U.S. state) ) ) Foreign (other than U.S.) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 Statutory tax rates Computed expected income tax expense Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: Foreign tax rate differential Tax benefit from tax holiday ) ) ) True-up of prior years tax liability ) Interest income on income tax refund ) ) Non-deductible expenses Effect of change in tax rates ) Change in valuation allowance Unrecognized tax benefits ) Employment related tax incentive ) ) Internal restructuring ) State income taxes Excess tax benefit on share-based compensation ) ) ) Others ) ) Reported income tax expense (benefit) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, the Company recorded a tax benefit on the outside basis difference on the stock of one of its subsidiaries amounting to and . For the year ended December 31, 2020, it was not more likely than not that the resulting net deferred tax asset would be realized. Therefore, a full valuation allowance was established. 
 F-56 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Allowance for credit losses Property, plant and equipment, net Lease liabilities Share-based compensation Intangible assets, net Retirement benefits Contract liabilities Tax credit carryforwards Others Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Intangible assets, net Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of use assets Retirement benefits Investments in foreign subsidiaries not indefinitely reinvested Derivative instruments Goodwill Others Total deferred tax liabilities Net of deferred tax assets and liabilities 
 As of December 31, Classified as 2021 2022 Deferred tax assets non-current Deferred tax liabilities non-current 
 F-57 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Reduction during the year ) ) ) Addition during the year Closing valuation allowance 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company undertook an internal restructuring that involved the transfer of certain marketing intangibles between its Luxembourg subsidiaries for a total of . The Company had net operating loss carry forwards with a full valuation allowance from prior years that were used to offset the Luxembourg taxable income arising from such transfer. The tax benefits resulting from the step-up of the tax basis of the intangibles transferred are not expected to be realized and a full valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the deferred tax balances. Accordingly, this internal restructuring did not have any impact on the Company s income tax expense. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences are deductible. 
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected taxable income in making this assessment. In order to fully realize a deferred tax asset, the Company must generate future taxable income prior to the expiration of the deferred tax asset under applicable law. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods during which the Company s deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of its deductible differences and carry forwards, net of the existing valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022 . The amount of the Company s deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward period are reduced. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company recognized net excess tax benefits on share-based compensation of , and , respectively, in income tax expense attributable to continuing operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carry forwards of amounted to (excluding state net operating losses). Net operating losses of subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Israel, Hong Kong, the Netherlands, the United States and Luxembourg (for 2016 and prior years) amounted to and can be carried forward for an indefinite period. 
 F-58 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2032 2034 2035 2036 
 
 In the table above, Europe includes net operating losses of subsidiaries in Slovakia, Latvia, Luxembourg and Poland, while Others includes net operating losses of subsidiaries in Japan and the Philippines. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had additional deferred tax assets for U.S. state and local tax loss carry forwards amounting to with varying expiration periods, most of which can be carried forward for an indefinite period. 
 for subsidiaries in the United States which will expire as set forth in the table below: 
 Year ending December 31, Amount 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 
 
 Undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign (non-Bermuda) subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized due to being indefinitely reinvested amounted to approximately as of December 31, 2022 . The Company plans to indefinitely reinvest its undistributed earnings, except for those earnings for which a deferred tax liability has already been accrued or which can be repatriated in a tax-free manner. Accordingly, with limited exceptions, the Company does not accrue any income, distribution or withholding taxes that would arise if such earnings were repatriated. Due to the Company s changing corporate structure, the various methods that are available to repatriate earnings, and uncertainty relative to the applicable taxes at the time of repatriation, it is not practicable to determine the amount of tax that would be imposed upon repatriation. If undistributed earnings are repatriated in the future, or are no longer deemed to be indefinitely reinvested, the Company will accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings at that time. 
 F-59 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 of the Company s in cash and cash equivalents was held by the Company s foreign (non-Bermuda) subsidiaries. of this cash is held by foreign subsidiaries for which the Company expects to incur and has accrued a deferred tax liability on the repatriation of of retained earnings. of the Company s cash and cash equivalents is either held as retained earnings by foreign subsidiaries in jurisdictions where no tax is expected to be imposed upon repatriation or is being indefinitely reinvested. 
 The Company reports its gain/loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, actuarial gain/loss on retirement benefits and currency translation adjustment, net of income taxes to the extent applicable, in OCI. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, requiring measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held by the Company. In the quarter ended March 31, 2020, the Company adopted this ASU, effective January 1, 2020, and accordingly recorded deferred tax assets of through retained earnings. 
 Increase related to prior year tax positions, including recorded in acquisition accounting Decrease related to prior year tax positions ) ) Decrease related to prior year tax positions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitation ) ) Increase related to current year tax positions, including recorded in acquisition accounting Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) Closing Balance at December 31 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits amounting to and , respectively, which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company had accrued and , respectively, in interest and and , respectively, for penalties relating to income taxes. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company recognized , ) and ), respectively, in interest related to income taxes. 
 For all tax years that remain open to examinations by U.S. federal and various state, local, and other U.S. taxing authorities, the Company estimates that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of its unrecognized tax benefits for existing tax positions will vary. However, the Company does not expect significant changes within the next twelve months other than adjustments depending on the progress of tax matters or examinations with various taxing authorities, which are difficult to predict. 
 With certain immaterial exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local or other U.S. income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years prior to 2018. The Company s subsidiaries in India and China are open to examination by relevant taxing authorities for tax years beginning on or after April 1, 2014 and January 1, 2012, respectively. The Company regularly reviews the likelihood of additional tax assessments and adjusts its unrecognized tax benefits as additional information or events require. 

F-60 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 24. 
 Consumer and Healthcare High Tech and Manufacturing Total reportable segment Others ) ) ) Total Stock-based compensation ) Amortization and impairment of acquired intangible assets (other than included above) ) Acquisition-related expenses ) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net Interest income (expense), net ) Restructuring expenses (refer (a) below and Note 27) ) Income tax expense ) Net income 
 (a) We do not allocate these charges to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. Accordingly, such expenses are included in our segment reporting as unallocated costs. 
 Revenues, net for Others primarily represents the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, which is not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. Adjusted income from operations for Others primarily represents the impact of over-absorption of overhead, unallocated allowances for credit losses, impairments related to operating ROU assets and property, plant and equipment, and foreign exchange fluctuations, which are not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. 
 F-61 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Consumer and Healthcare High Tech and Manufacturing Total reportable segment Others Total Stock-based compensation ) Amortization and impairment of acquired intangible assets (other than included above) ) Acquisition-related expenses ) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net Interest income (expense), net ) Income tax expense ) Net income 
 Revenues, net for Others primarily represents the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, which is not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. Adjusted income from operations for Others primarily represents the im pact of over-absorption of overhead, unallocated allowances for credit losses, and foreign exchange fluctuations, which are not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. 
 F-62 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Consumer and Healthcare High Tech and Manufacturing Total reportable segment Others ) ) ) Total Business held for sale (refer to Note (b) below and Note 8) ) Total (excluding business held for sale - refer to Note (b) below and Note 8) Stock-based compensation ) Amortization and impairment of acquired intangible assets (other than included above) ) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net Interest income (expense), net ) Business held for sale (refer to Note (b) below and Note 8) ) Impairment charge on assets classified as held for sale (refer to Note (b) below and Note 8) ) Restructuring expense (refer to Note (c) below and Note 27) ) Income tax expense ) Net income 
 (b) During the second quarter of 2022, the Company's management approved a plan to divest a business that comprises part of the Company's Consumer and Healthcare segment. The revenues and associated losses, including an impairment charge recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, attributable to this business have been excluded from the computation of adjusted income from operations margin with effect from April 1, 2022, as management believes that excluding these items provides useful information about the Company's financial performance and underlying business trends. 
 (c) The Company does not allocate these charges to individual segments in internal management reports used by the CODM. Accordingly, such expenses are included in the Company's segment reporting as unallocated costs. 
 Revenues, net for Others primarily represents the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, which is not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. Adjusted income from operations for Others primarily represents the impact of over-absorption of overhead, unallocated allowance for credit losses, and foreign exchange fluctuations, which are not allocated to the Company s segments for management s internal reporting purposes. 
 F-63 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 , and of the C ompany s consolidated total net revenues in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Asia, other than India North and Latin America Europe Total net revenues 
 Asia, other than India North and Latin America Europe Total 
 
 25. 
 Digital Operations Total net revenues 
 All three of the Company's segments include revenue from both Data-Tech-AI and Digital Operations services. See Note 24 for additional information. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company's management modified the manner in which it disaggregates revenue for reporting and internal tracking purposes, and the Company now reports revenue disaggregated by the nature of services provided to the client, namely either Data-Tech-AI or Digital Operations services. Prior to the second quarter of 2022, the Company disaggregated its revenue as either revenue from the General Electric Company (GE) or revenue from Global Clients (other than GE). 
 Contract balances 
 Accounts receivable include amounts for services that the Company has performed but for which payment has not been received. The Company typically follows a -day billing cycle and, as such, at any point in time may have accrued up to 30 days of revenues that have not been billed. The Company has determined that in instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the related contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. See Note 4 for details on the Company s accounts receivable and allowance for credit losses and Note 11 for deferred billings. 
 F-64 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Contract liabilities (Note b) Deferred transition revenue Advance from customers 
 (a) Included in "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and "other assets" in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (b) Included in "accrued expenses and other current liabilities" and "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain contract assets and contract liabilities amounting to and , respectively, and classified certain contract assets and contract liabilities amounting to and , respectively, as assets/liabilities held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 Contract assets represent the contract acquisition fees or other upfront fees paid to a customer. Such costs are amortized over the expected period of benefit and recorded as an adjustment to the transaction price and deducted from revenue. The Company s assessment did not indicate any significant impairment losses on its contract assets for the periods presented. 
 Contract liabilities include that portion of revenue for which payments have been received in advance from customers. The Company also defers revenues attributable to certain process transition activities for which costs have been capitalized by the Company as contract fulfillment costs. Consideration received from customers, if any, relating to such transition activities is also included as part of contract liabilities. The contract liabilities are included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The revenues are recognized as (or when) the performance obligation is fulfilled pursuant to the contract with the customer. 
 Changes in the Company s contract asset and liability balances during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were a result of normal business activity and not materially impacted by any other factors. 
 Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period was and , respectively. 
 
 F-65 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 Closing balance Amortization 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain contract assets amounting to and classified as assets held for sale relating to the Business, the sale of which was completed after December 31, 2022. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 26. 
 and , respectively, under agreements to purchase property, plant and equipment. This amount is net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases. 
 Bank guarantees 
 The Company has outstanding bank guarantees and letters of credit amounting to and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Bank guarantees are generally provided to government agencies and excise and customs authorities for the purposes of maintaining a bonded warehouse. These guarantees may be revoked by the government agencies if they suffer any losses or damages through the breach of any of the covenants contained in the agreements governing such guarantees. 
 Other commitments 
 Certain units of the Company s Indian subsidiaries are established as Software Technology Parks of India units or Special Economic Zone SEZ units under the relevant regulations issued by the Government of India. These units are exempt from customs and other duties on imported and indigenous capital goods, stores and spares. SEZ units are also exempt from the Goods and Services Tax GST that was introduced in India in 2017. The Company has undertaken to pay taxes and duties, if any, in respect of capital goods, stores, spares and services consumed duty-free, in the event that certain terms and conditions are not fulfilled. 
 Contingency 
 (a) In February 2019, there was a judicial pronouncement in India with respect to defined contribution benefit payments interpreting certain statutory defined contribution obligations of employees and employers. It is not currently clear whether the interpretation set out in the pronouncement has retrospective application. If applied retrospectively, the interpretation would result in an increase in contributions payable by the Company for past periods for certain of its India-based employees. There are numerous interpretative challenges concerning the retrospective application of the judgment. Due to such challenges and a lack of interpretive guidance, and based on legal advice the Company has obtained on the matter, it is currently impracticable to reliably estimate the timing and amount of any payments the Company may be required to make. Accordingly, the Company plans to obtain further clarity and will evaluate the amount of a potential provision, if any. 
 F-66 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 have been denied or challenged by the ITA. Additional refunds may be denied. The Company had requested these refunds pursuant to the tax exemption available for exports under the previous service tax regime as well as the current GST regime in respect of services performed by the Company in India for affiliates and clients outside of India. In denying the refunds, the ITA have taken the position that the services provided are local services, which interpretation, if correct, would make the service tax and GST exemption on exports unavailable to the Company in respect of such services. Additional potentially material challenges and assessments may result from ongoing proceedings related to service tax recovery. The Government of India has issued an administrative circular which supports the Company s position. Further, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Punjab and Haryana High Court ruled in favor of the Company in respect of this issue. The ITA may appeal the High Court's ruling before the Supreme Court of India. The Company continues to believe that the denial of the refunds claimed pursuant to the service tax and GST exemption is incorrect and that the risk that the liability will materialize is remote. Accordingly, no reserve has been provided as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) The ITA have also issued assessment orders to certain subsidiaries of the Company seeking to assess income tax on certain transactions that occurred in 2013 and 2015. The Company has received demands for potential tax claims related to these orders in an aggregate amount of , including interest through the date of the orders. This amount excludes penalties or interest accrued since the date of the orders. The Company is pursuing appeals before the relevant appellate authorities in respect of these orders. The Income Tax Appellate Tribunal of India (the Tribunal has accepted the legal arguments made by the Company and ruled in favor of the Company in relation to a demand of and the corresponding assessment order has been cancelled. The ITA may appeal the Tribunal's ruling before a higher court. Similarly, in respect of the transaction undertaken in 2015, the ITA has attempted to revise a previously closed assessment. During 2022, the Tribunal ruled in favor of the Company quashing the ITA's revision of the assessment, and the ITA have recently appealed the Tribunal's order to the Delhi High Court. In the first quarter of 2023, the ITA issued the Company a revised assessment order contrary to the order of the Tribunal. The Company has appealed the ITA's revised assessment order, which the Company believes is without merit. The Company has been advised that the most recent order is not enforceable under applicable law and therefore the tax demand raised therein is invalid. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company s position will ultimately prevail in respect of these transactions. Accordingly, no reserve has been provided as of December 31, 2022. 
 (d) In September 2020, the Indian Parliament approved new labor codes including the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the Code ), which will impact the Company s contributions to its defined benefit plans for employees based in India. The Code has not yet been made effective and the rules for different States are in the process of being framed. The Company will evaluate the impact of the Code on the Company in its financial statements for the period in which the Code becomes effective and the related rules are published. 
 
 27. 
 restructuring charge primarily relating to the abandonment of leased office premises and employee severance charges. 
 Of the total recorded restructuring charges of , was a non-cash charge (including related to writing down certain property, plant and equipment) recorded as other operating expense, which pertains to the abandonment of various leased office premises as a result of the Company s consolidation of underutilized office premises due to lower demand or shifting to a work-from-home model. The Company made efforts to sublease certain office premises instead of abandoning them, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the related widespread adoption of work-from-home practices by many businesses worldwide, the Company was unable to sublease such premises. 
 The Company also recorded a severance charge of , which was paid during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to a focused reduction in the Company's workforce. 
 In 2022, the Company implemented a flexible, hybrid global delivery model in line with the Company's long-term strategy that incorporates a mix of offshore, onshore, near-shore, and remote working. As a result, the Company determined that certain leases and employee roles were no longer needed. 
 F-67 

GENPACT LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data and share count) 

 restructuring charge relating to the abandonment of leased office premises and an employee severance charge. Of the total charge of , was a non-cash charge (including related to writing down certain property, plant and equipment) recorded as other operating expense, which pertains to the abandonment of various leased office premises. The Company has sought out one or more third parties to sublease certain office premises from the Company, wherever applicable, instead of abandoning them. However, the Company has not been successful in such attempts, and the Company believes it is unlikely that it will be able to sublease such premises in the foreseeable future. The Company also recorded a severance charge of , which was paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to a focused reduction in the Company's workforce. 
 
 28. 
 increase to its existing share repurchase program, bringing the total authorization under the Company s existing share repurchase program to . 
 Pursuant to its share repurchase program, the Company repurchased of its common shares on the open market between January 1, 2023 and February 28, 2023 at a weighted average price of per share for an aggregate cash amount of . 
 Dividend 
 In February 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a increase in its quarterly cash dividend, representing a planned annual dividend of per common share, increased from per common share in 2022. The Board of Directors also declared a dividend for the first quarter of 2023 of per common share, which will be paid on March 24, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 10, 2023. The declaration of any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and subject to Bermuda and other applicable laws. 
 
 F-68 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 exhibit1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 

Exhibit 10.16 
 Amendment 2022-1 
 
 Genpact LLC Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 WHEREAS, the Genpact LLC (the Company maintains the Genpact LLC Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Article 9 of the Plan, subject to the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ), the Member (as defined in the Plan) may amend the Plan at any time, and in its discretion, provided, however, that no such amendment, shall, without the consent of a Plan participant, adversely affect such participant s rights with respect to amounts credited to or accrued in his or her Plan account and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Member desires to amend the Plan to permit participants greater flexibility in allocating deferrals made as part of the annual deferral election for in-service distributions, specifically to allocate such deferrals to be made no sooner than the second Plan Year after the Plan or bonus performance period to which such deferrals relate. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED , that the Plan is hereby amended as follows effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 1. Section 5.4 of the Plan is hereby amended to read as follows (deletions shown in strikethrough and additions shown in bold and italics 
 
 5.4 Time of Payment Election . 
 
 (a) Timing of Payment. A Participant shall elect (on the Participant s Election Notice) to receive or commence payment of the Participant s Deferred Compensation, in the form elected in Section 5.3, either (i) no sooner than the second Plan Year is at least two years following the Plan Year (or the end of the performance period with respect to Bonus Compensation, if applicable) for which such election is made, subject to subsection (b) below, or (ii) upon the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Member, by and through its duly authorized representative, has executed this Amendment 2022-1 this 13 th day of December, 2022. 
 
 GENPACT USA, INC. 
 By s Thomas D. Scholtes 
 Name Thomas D. Scholtes 
 Title President 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation 
 Genpact Australia Pty Ltd. Australia Headstrong (Australia) Pty Ltd. Australia Genpact Global (Bermuda) Limited Bermuda Genpact Global Holdings (Bermuda) Limited Bermuda Genpact Brasil Gest o de Processos Operacionais Ltda. Brazil Genpact Bulgaria EOOD Republic of Bulgaria Genpact Canada Services Company Canada Headstrong Canada Company Canada Genpact (Dalian) Co. Ltd. China Genpact (Dalian) Information & Technology Service Co., Ltd. China Genpact (Foshan) Information & Technology Service Co., Ltd. China Genpact (Qingdao) Information & Technology Service Co., Ltd. China Genpact (Suzhou) Information & Technology Service Co., Ltd. China Genpact Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Genpact International Services Costa Rica, S.R.L. Costa Rica Genpact Czech s.r.o. Czech Republic Genpact Egypt LLC Egypt Genpact Administraciones-Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Lean Digital Services Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Servicios Internacionales de Atencion Al Cliente, S.A. Guatemala Genpact Deutschland GmbH Germany Headstrong GmbH Germany Headstrong (Hong Kong) Ltd. Hong Kong Genpact Services Hungary Kft Hungary Enquero Global LLP India Genpact Enterprise Risk Consulting LLP India Genpact India Private Limited India Genpact India Services Private Limited India Genpact Mobility Services (I) Pvt. Ltd. India Headstrong Services India Pvt. Ltd. India RAGE Frameworks India Pvt. Ltd. India Rightpoint India Digital Private Limited India Genpact Ireland Private Limited Ireland PNMSoft Ltd. Israel Genpact Consulting KK Japan Genpact Japan Business Services KK Japan Genpact Japan K.K. Japan Genpact Kenya Limited Kenya Genpact Latvia SIA Latvia 

Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Genpact Luxembourg S. r.l. II Luxembourg Genpact Investment Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Genpact Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia Genpact China Investments Mauritius Genpact India Holdings Mauritius Genpact Mauritius Mauritius EDM S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Genpact Morocco S. r.l. Morocco Genpact Morocco Training S. r.l. Morocco Enquero B.V. Netherlands Genpact NL B.V. Netherlands Genpact New Zealand Limited New Zealand Headstrong Philippines, Inc. Philippines Genpact PL sp. Z.o.o. Poland Genpact Poland sp. Z.o.o. Poland Genpact Services Poland sp. Z.o.o. Poland Genpact Portugal, SOC Unipessoal LDA Portugal Genpact Romania SRL Romania Genpact Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Genpact Consulting (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Genpact Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia Genpact South Africa (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Genpact Strategy Consultants S.L. Spain Genpact Consulting Services (Thailand) Co. Ltd. Thailand Genpact Turkey ve Finansal Dan manl k Hizmetleri Limited irketi Turkey Genpact (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom Genpact Regulatory Affairs UK Limited United Kingdom Genpact WM UK Limited United Kingdom Headstrong (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom Headstrong Worldwide Ltd. United Kingdom Pharmalink Consulting Limited United Kingdom Pharmalink Consulting Operations Ltd. United Kingdom PNMSoft UK Limited United Kingdom Strategic Sourcing Excellence Limited United Kingdom Akritiv Technologies, Inc. United States BrightClaim Blocker, Inc. United States BrightClaim, LLC United States BrightServe, LLC United States Endeavour Software Technologies Inc. United States Enquero Inc United States Genpact (Mexico) I LLC United States Genpact (Mexico) II LLC United States 

Genpact Collections LLC United States Genpact CL, Inc. United States Genpact FAR LLC United States Genpact Insurance Administration Services Inc. United States Genpact International, LLC United States Genpact LH LLC United States Genpact LLC United States Genpact Management Consultants, LLC United States Genpact Onsite Services, Inc. United States Genpact Registered Agent, Inc. United States Genpact SCM, LLC United States Genpact Services LLC United States Genpact Solutions, Inc. United States Genpact USA, Inc. United States Genpact US Services, LLC United States Genpact WB LLC United States Headstrong Business Services, Inc. United States Headstrong Corporation United States Headstrong Services LLC United States Hoodoo Digital, LLC United States Jawood Business Process Solutions, LLC United States LeaseDimensions, Inc. United States National Vendor, LLC United States Oasis Technology Partners, LLC United States Pharmalink Consulting Inc. United States PNMSoft USA Inc. United States RAGE Frameworks, Inc. United States Righpoint Consulting, LLC United States riskCanvas Holdings LLC United States SomethingDigital.Com LLC United States SPC RP Investor, LLC United States TandemSeven, Inc. United States Techspan Holdings, Inc. United States TS Mergerco, Inc. United States 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No.333-265204) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-265116) on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 01, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Genpact Limited and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 s KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP 
 Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 
 March 01, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, N.V. Tyagarajan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Genpact Limited for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 s N.V. T YAGARAJAN 
 N.V. Tyagarajan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael Weiner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Genpact Limited for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Michael Weiner Michael Weiner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Genpact Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, N.V. Tyagarajan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s N.V. T YAGARAJAN 
 N.V. Tyagarajan Chief Executive Officer Genpact Limited 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Genpact Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Weiner, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Michael Weiner Michael Weiner Chief Financial Officer Genpact Limited 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 g-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 g-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 g-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 g-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 g-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

