<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1493137_0001079973-23-000333.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4503067</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>153023</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>894250</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1345443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>855992</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1139097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-000333.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314074650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-000333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifeloc Technologies, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001493137
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				841053680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54319
		FILM NUMBER:		23729198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12441 WEST 49TH AVE UNIT #4
		CITY:			WHEAT RIDGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-431-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12441 WEST 49TH AVE UNIT #4
		CITY:			WHEAT RIDGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lifeloc Technologies Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-000333.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 lclc_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from__________ to __________ 

Commission File No.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated
filer 

 Smaller reporting company Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act ). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value, computed by reference to the price at which the
registrant's common equity was last sold, of the 379,692 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the issuer on such date was
 . 

The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
equity, as of March 1, 2023: 

Common Stock, no par value 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: Items 10, 11,
13 and 14, and a portion of Item 12 of Part III are incorporated by reference from portions of the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement
for the 2021 Annual Shareholders' Meeting, expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the
end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 38 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K (this Annual Report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by
the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements about our strategies,
expectations about new and existing products, market demand, acceptance of new and existing products, technologies and opportunities,
market size and growth, and return on investments in products and market, are based on information available to us on the date of this
document, and we assume no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans ,
 intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential ,
or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
strongly encouraged to review the section entitled Risk Factors . 

Lifeloc , Easycal , Phoenix and R.A.D.A.R. 
are registered trademarks of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc. Sentinel is a trademark of Lifeloc Technologies; SpinDx is a trademark
of Sandia Corporation. This report may also contain trade names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display
of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with
any of these companies. 

1 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

 Lifeloc Technologies, Inc., a Colorado corporation Lifeloc or the Company ), is a Colorado-based developer, manufacturer and marketer of portable hand-held
and fixed station breathalyzers and related accessories, supplies and education. We design, produce and sell fuel-cell based breath
alcohol testing equipment. We compete in all major segments of the portable breath alcohol testing instrument market, including
law enforcement, workplace, corrections, original equipment manufacturing OEM and consumer markets. In addition, we offer
a line of supplies, accessories, services, and training to support customers' alcohol testing programs. We sell globally through distributors
as well as directly to users. 

We define our business as providing near
and remote sensing products and solutions. Today, the majority of our revenues are derived from products and services for alcohol
detection and measurement. We remain committed to growing our breath alcohol testing business. In the future, we anticipate the commercialization
of new sensing and measurement products that may allow Lifeloc to successfully expand our business into new growth areas where we do
not presently compete or where no satisfactory product solutions exist today. 

 In addition, with the October 2014 purchase of
our corporate headquarters and certain adjacent property, we added a new reporting segment focused on the ownership and rental of real
property through existing commercial leases. 

Lifeloc incorporated in Colorado in December 1983. We
filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which became effective on May 31, 2011. Our
fiscal year end is December 31. Our principal executive offices are located at 12441 West 49th Avenue, Unit 4, Wheat Ridge, Colorado
80033-3338. Our telephone number is (303) 431-9500. Our websites are www.lifeloc.com
and www.stsfirst.com. Information contained on our websites does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. 

Principal Products and Services and Methods
of Distribution 

 Alcohol Breath Testers 

 In 1989, we introduced our first breath
alcohol tester, the PBA3000. Our Phoenix Classic was completed and released for sale in1998, superseding the PBA3000. In turn, the
Phoenix Classic has been superseded by our FC Series and Workplace Series of portable breath alcohol testers, which are discussed
below. Neither the PBA3000 nor the Phoenix Classic is actively sold today 

 In 2001, we completed and released
for sale our new FC Series, designed specifically for domestic and international law enforcement and corrections markets. The portable
breath alcohol testers comprising our FC Series are currently being sold worldwide, having contributed to our growth since their introduction.
The FC Series is designed to meet the needs of domestic and international law enforcement for roadside drink/drive testing and alcohol
offender monitoring. The FC Series is approved by the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT as an evidential breath tester,
making it suitable for sale to state law enforcement agencies for preliminary roadside breath alcohol testing. The FC Series
is routinely updated with firmware, software and component improvements as they become available. It is readily adaptable
to the specific requirements and regulations of domestic and international markets. 

 In 2005 and 2006, we introduced two new models,
the EV30 and Phoenix 6.0 Evidential Breath Tester Phoenix 6.0 ), which constitute our Workplace Series of testing
devices. Like their predecessor, the Phoenix Classic, and our FC Series, these instruments are DOT approved. The DOT s
specifications support the DOT s workplace alcohol testing programs, including those applicable to workplace alcohol testing for
the federally regulated transportation industry. We also sell component parts used in alcohol testing devices, such as mouthpieces used
by our breathalyzers, as well as forms and labels used for record keeping, and calibration products for user re-calibration of our devices. We
offer optional service agreements on our equipment, re-calibration services, and spare parts, and we sell supporting instrument training
and user certification training to our workplace customers. 

 In 2006, we commenced selling breath alcohol
equipment components that we manufacture to other OEMs for inclusion as subassemblies or components in their breath alcohol testing devices. 

 In late 2009, Lifeloc released the LifeGuard
Personal Breathalyzer LifeGuard ), a personal alcohol breath tester that incorporates the same fuel-cell technology
used in our professional devices. Intended originally for the global consumer breathalyzer market, LifeGuard was phased out in 2018. 

2 

In 2011 and 2012, Lifeloc introduced Bluetooth
wireless keyboard and printer communication options for our Phoenix 6.0 along with a series of web based workplace training
courses. We believe these two product innovations have been key to our success and leadership in workplace breath testing. 

 In 2013, Lifeloc expanded our FC Series of
professional breath alcohol testers targeted at domestic and international law enforcement and corrections markets with the addition of
the FC5 Hornet (the FC5 ). The FC5 is a passive (no mouthpieces required) portable handheld alcohol screening device that
competes directly with passive alcohol screeners from our competitors in the education, law enforcement, workplace and corrections markets. 

 In 2013, we also introduced the Sentinel 
zero tolerance alcohol screening station, a fully automated wall mounted screening station for use in safety sensitive industries such
as oil and gas and mining. Both devices expand Lifeloc s products for passive alcohol screening. 

 In the third quarter of 2014, we received
approval from DOT for our EASYCAL automatic calibration station for use with our Phoenix 6.0 Evidential Breath Testers, and
we began shipments of the EASYCAL to our law enforcement, corrections, workplace and international customers. The EASYCAL 
calibration station is a first of its kind device that automatically performs breath tester instrument calibration, calibration verification
and gas management. As compared to manual instrument calibration, the EASYCAL reduces the opportunity for human error, saves
time and reduces operating costs. In May 2019, we received DOT approval on a second generation EASYCAL with broader capabilities
called the EASYCAL G2. 

 In October 2015, we expanded our Sentinel 
line with the Sentinel VA alcohol screening station, a fully automated station to control vehicular access to safety critical facilities,
such as mines, refineries, power stations and nuclear facilities. The Sentinel VA alcohol screening station is intended to
allow all drivers entering a secure area to be tested quickly and efficiently without leaving their vehicle. 

 In November 2019, we received approval from DOT for our LX9 and LT7 base unit alcohol breathalyzers. Both have been updated and both updated versions received DOT approval in December 2021. 

 Testers for Drugs of Abuse 

 In August 2016, we entered into an exclusive
patent license agreement with Sandia Corporation, Albuquerque, NM, pursuant to which we acquired the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture
and market Sandia s patented SpinDx technology for the detection of drugs of abuse. SpinDx uses a centrifugal disk
with micro fluidic flow paths allowing multiple tests to be carried out on a single small sample. The microfluidics disk with centrifugal
concentration achieves a strong signal from trace concentrations in small samples that under best conditions can be quantitative. Sandia
Corporation developed a prototype using the SpinDx technology under our Cooperative Research and Development Agreement. We received
the first prototype in 2018, advanced this device for robustness and manufacturability, and are now commercializing the device. In 2022
and 2021 we purchased SpinDx related test validation equipment as well as disk development fabrication equipment totaling 23,999 and
 265,867 respectively. We are optimistic about the results of the work to date and expect market introduction later in 2022 with partners
for field demonstration. The SpinDx platform has the potential to improve real-time screening for a panel of high-abuse drugs,
with the ability to efficiently measure relatively low concentrations of drugs such as cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, fentanyl and
other high-abuse drugs. We intend to use this technology platform, sometimes referred to as Lab on a Disk , to develop
a series of devices and tests that could be used at roadside, emergency rooms and in workplace testing to get a rapid and quantitative
measure for a panel of such drugs of abuse. First will be the SpinDx device with disks for delta-9 THC detection from an oral fluid sample
collected from a test subject. This will be followed with a device based on our recently updated LX9 breathalyzer to collect a sample
for analysis from breath, which coupled with the SpinDx device will be our marijuana breathalyzer system. We have detected delta-9-THC
(the primary psychoactive component of marijuana) down to concentrations of 5 nanograms per milliliter in our laboratory. This includes
resolving the psychoactive delta-9-THC from its inactive metabolites, an important step in establishing impairment. Testing has commenced
to validate the SpinDx technology against the definitive standard liquid chromatography-mass spectroscopy (LCMS) measurement utilizing
human samples. The SpinDx results are showing good correlation to the LCMS data. There is no assurance that our efforts to develop
a marijuana breathalyzer will be successful or that significant sales will result from such development if successful. 

 In March 2017 we acquired substantially all
of the assets related to the Real-time Alcohol Detection and Reporting product R.A.D.A.R. from Track Group, Inc. TRCK for 860,000 in cash. The purchased assets included the R.A.D.A.R. device with cellular reporting for
real-time alcohol monitoring, database infrastructure to tabulate and manage subscriber behavior, and biometric methodology and intellectual
property to fully automate identity verification. The R.A.D.A.R. device was designed to be part of an offender supervision
program as an alternative to incarceration, and it is assigned to offenders as a condition of parole or probation with random testing
throughout the day to demonstrate that they are meeting the conditions of their sentence. The R.A.D.A.R. 200 Mobile Device has been
updated and released for sale in 2022. Continued refinements are needed, which, when completed, we expect to result in R.A.D.A.R. 300
having the ability to confirm that the user blowing the alcohol test is the correct user, along with other features. 

3 

On June 1, 2022, we formed a wholly-owned
subsidiary, Probation Tracker, Inc., a Colorado corporation PTI and capitalized it with 61,353 in exchange for 613,530
shares of PTI common stock. PTI had no activity during the three months ended September 30, 2022. In August 2022, we filed a Form 10
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in anticipation of distributing all of the 613,530 shares of common stock to our shareholders
as a stock dividend. In September, 2022, this Form 10 was withdrawn, and the plan to distribute the PTI shares was canceled. The 61,353
of cash was withdrawn and PTI was deactivated. We have entered into a consulting agreement with a third party to work on developing a
proof of concept showing that R.A.D.A.R. 300 is feasible. 

 Training 

 Drug and alcohol testing is highly regulated;
thus quality training is an important component of our business. Initially, our network of Master Trainers provided classroom training
which generated certification fees. This was expanded to include instructor materials, online training modules and direct (live)
training via webcam. In 2011, we launched Lifeloc University, a Learning Management System (LMS), defined as a software application
for the administration, documentation, tracking, reporting and delivery of educational courses or training programs. Lifeloc University
is a critical component for online training courses since it provides student accountability. The Lifeloc University LMS was updated
in 2018 to provide responsive design so it could be viewed on mobile devices and was updated in 2021 to reflect DOT rule and other changes. 

 In December 2014, we acquired substantially
all of the assets of Superior Training Solutions, Inc. STS ), a company that develops and sells online drug and alcohol
training and refresher courses. We have augmented and updated the assets we acquired from STS to enable mobile device usage. These assets
complement our existing drug and alcohol training courses. 

 Real Property 

 On October 31, 2014, we purchased the commercial
property we use as our corporate headquarters and certain adjacent property in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. The building consists of 22,325
square feet, of which 14,412 square feet are occupied by us and 7,913 square feet are currently leased to two tenants whose leases expire
at various times until September 30, 2023. We intend to continue to lease the space we are not occupying, but in the future may elect
to expand our own operations into space currently leased to other tenants. Our purchase of the property was partially financed through
a term loan in an original principal amount of 1,581,106, secured by a first-priority mortgage on the property. This loan was paid on
September 30, 2021 with proceeds from a new term loan, also secured by a first-priority mortgage on the property, in the principal amount
of 1,350,000 which matures in September, 2031. 

 Additional Areas of Interest 

 Consistent with our business goal of providing near
and remote sensing and monitoring products and solutions, our acquisition strategy involves purchasing companies, development resources
and assets that are aligned with our areas of interest and that can further aid in our entering additional markets. We expect to
actively research and engage in the acquisition of resources that can expedite our entrance into new markets or strengthen our position
in existing ones. 

Competition and Markets 

We sell our products in a highly competitive market
and we compete for business with both foreign and domestic manufacturers. Most of our competitors are larger and have substantially
greater resources than we do. In addition, there is an ongoing risk that other domestic or foreign companies who do not currently
service or manufacture products for our target markets may seek to produce products or services that compete directly with ours. 

We believe that considerations regarding competition
for sales of alcohol monitoring products and services include regulatory approvals, product performance, product delivery, quality, service,
training, price, device reliability, ease of use and speed. We sell certain of our components to customers for incorporation
into their own product lines and for resale under their own name. We believe that, while our resources are more limited than
those of our competitors, we will continue to compete successfully on the basis of product innovation, quality, reputation and continued
customer service excellence. 

One of our leading competitors is Intoximeters, Inc.
of St. Louis, Missouri, a long-established company with strong name recognition in the field of alcohol testing. It has well-established
sales channels, a large customer base, and a broad product line. CMI, Inc. of Owensboro, Kentucky, another major competitor,
also has a well-established name, a strong position in stationary units used in police work, and international market coverage. Dr gerwerk
AG Co. KGaA, based in Germany, manufactures safety and gas testing equipment. Its breath alcohol testers are respected
for their quality and performance. 

4 

In addition, other technologies for the measurement
of breath alcohol exist and are employed in other market and application segments where the technology may be more suitable or developed
to specific requirements. These include: 

Infrared devices, which use infrared light absorption to detect breath alcohol. These devices generally lack portability, and are usually found in fixed locations, such as police stations, where subjects are brought for testing. This technology has the advantage of being mandated by law in most states for evidential use in breath testing. 

Semiconductor breath testing technology, which is used primarily in consumer breathalyzers. Its primary advantage is low cost, but the technology is not widely accepted by professional users as being as accurate as fuel cell technology. 

Chemical tests, which are based on urine and saliva testing. This approach to alcohol testing is more invasive, less convenient than breath testing, and may require subsequent analysis for results. 

Blood alcohol tests, which require blood samples. These tests are widely believed to be the most accurate form of alcohol testing because they measure blood alcohol content directly from a sample of the subject's blood. However, the results are not instantaneous, and the tests are more invasive and expensive than breath alcohol testing. 

Marketing 

Marketing activities associated with our business
include the communication of our value proposition through direct mail, direct and indirect sales channels, trade shows and an information-rich
online presence. We sell our products to the workplace and international markets primarily through distributors. We
sell our law enforcement, corrections and consumer products directly to the end user and our OEM products directly to manufacturers. Leveraging
our installed base is important, as is maintaining a well-trained distributor network. In 2009, we revised our workplace distributor
program to place additional emphasis on volume incentives for growth in the form of a rebate program. Under the program, qualifying
distributors receive a progressively greater percentage rebate based on the dollar sales they generate. We believe this program helps
incentivize our distributors to achieve a higher level of sales than would otherwise be the case. 

Domestic Distribution 

The majority of our sales into the workplace market
are made through distributors. Sales are made by these distributors pursuant to agreements that renew automatically each year
unless terminated by either party with advance notice, and such agreements typically grant protected lead generation areas. 

International Distribution 

Over 90 of our international sales for all product
lines are made by local distributors, who are given territories generally pursuant to agreements that renew automatically each year unless
terminated by either party with advance notice. Based on reports from our international distributors, we believe that many
countries around the world are instituting tougher alcohol abuse prevention laws, strengthening the enforcement of current laws, or both.
These laws set limits on the amount of alcohol an individual may have in the blood at specific times (e.g., while driving or during safety-sensitive
work activities), or at any time for certain parolees and probationers. Lifeloc has sold instruments to customers in over 65
countries on six continents worldwide. 

Research and Development 

Lifeloc defines its business broadly to include near
and remote sensing and monitoring applications in markets including those outside of traditional alcohol testing. We believe
that our future success depends to a large degree on our ability to conceive and develop improved alcohol detection and measurement products,
as well as to identify attractive opportunities for growth outside of breath alcohol testing. Accordingly, we expect to continue
to invest in research and development. We spent 1,385,927 and 1,213,482 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, on research and
development, and on sustaining engineering. The amount spent in 2022 was 172,445 higher than the amount spent in 2021 due primarily to
dedicating resources to commercializing SpinDx. We expect to continue to increase our emphasis on new product development efforts
for existing and new markets with particular emphasis on developing the SpinDx technology. 

5 

Raw Materials and Principal Suppliers 

A basic component of our instrument product line is
the fuel cell, which we obtain from only a few suppliers. We believe that our demand for this component is small relative to the
total supply, and that the materials and services required for the production of our products are currently available in sufficient quantities
and will be available for the foreseeable future. However, there are relatively few suppliers of the high-quality fuel cells which
our breathalyzers require. Any sudden disruption to the supply of our fuel cells would pose a significant risk to our business.
New sources of fuel cells are uncertain at this time and changes to our fuel cells require approval by the DOT, which, if not received,
could have a material effect on our revenues. While we have traditionally used only one supplier of fuel cells, we completed development
of our own fuel cell assembly capability, using purchased sensors, in 2018. These Lifeloc-assembled fuel cells have been incorporated
into breathalyzers which have been submitted to and approved by the Department of Transportation. Even with the approval of our own assembled
fuel cells, we continue to purchase a portion of our total fuel cell requirements from our current supplier as necessary to meet the needs
of the Company. 

Supply chain disruptions experienced in 2022 have
forced us to maintain larger inventories of certain items in order to accommodate longer lead times, particularly components sourced internationally. 

Patents, Intellectual Property and Royalties 

We rely, in part, upon patents, trade secrets and
proprietary knowledge as well as personnel policies and employee confidentiality agreements concerning inventions and other creative efforts
(collectively, Lifeloc IP to develop and to maintain our competitive position. We do not believe that our business is dependent
upon any patent, patent pending or license, although we believe that trade secrets and confidential know-how may be important to our commercial
success. 

We file for patents, copyrights and trademarks to
protect our intellectual property rights to the extent practicable. We hold the rights to six United States patents and have two United
States patent applications pending or in preparation for filing, along with international patent applications on our portable breath alcohol
testers and on certain R.A.D.A.R. assets. One international application was granted in 2022. These patents have expiration
dates ranging from May 2024 to July 2035. In 2017, we acquired seven United States patents and several active international patent
applications in connection with our purchase of the R.A.D.A.R. assets. The R.A.D.A.R. patents and patent applications provide
protection around the biometric identification methods used in the R.A.D.A.R. devices along with a removable sampling chamber for
maximum hygienics. We act to protect our patents from infringement in each instance where we determine that doing so would be economical
in light of the expense involved and the level and availability of our financial resources. While we believe that each of our pending
applications relate to a patentable device or concept, there is no guarantee that the patents will be issued. 

We also enter into royalty and licensing agreements
where we license or otherwise confer our intellectual property rights on a licensor in exchange for specified payment terms. In 2012 we
entered into a royalty agreement with an OEM customer which provides for the monthly payment of royalties to us on all products containing
certain of our software sold by our customer. The agreement is of perpetual duration, but is terminable by the OEM customer upon
six months' notice. In 2013 we began receiving royalties from another customer as a result of entering into a second royalty agreement,
which provides for the monthly payment of royalties to us on all products containing certain of our software sold by our customer. The
agreement is of perpetual duration, but is terminable by the customer upon six months' notice or by us upon 12 months notice. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 35 full-time employees
and 2 part-time employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. 

Customers 

Revenues from our largest customers, as a percentage of total revenues,
for 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Customer A 
 6 
 4 
 
 Customer B 
 6 
 3 
 
 Customer C 
 3 
 3 
 
 All others 
 85 
 90 
 
 Total 
 100 
 100 

6 

Environmental Matters 

Our operations are subject to a variety of federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to the protection
of the environment. Lifeloc sells cylinders of ethanol in nitrogen (UN1956, Class 2.2) for use in calibrating breath alcohol
testers. The gas mixture is a hazardous material as defined by the DOT (see 49 CFR 172). We believe we are in substantial compliance with
the appropriate DOT regulations for the handling and shipment of dry gas containers, as well as all other state or local laws governing
the transportation of hazardous materials. The DOT regulations include strict labeling and packaging requirements, as well as requirements
pertaining to shipping papers and declaration forms that must be completed by the shipper. In addition, we provide a Safety
Data Sheet SDS with every tank, and all employees involved in shipping hazardous materials are required to have appropriate
certification. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses,
administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability, which could have a material impact on our business. The cost
of complying with these regulations is considered as an ongoing cost of operations, and is not material. 

Government Regulation of the Business 

 All breath testers manufactured in the United
States explicitly for personal use are regulated as Class I medical devices by the Food and Drug Administration FDA ). We
are subject to inspections by the FDA to determine our compliance with these regulations. FDA inspections are conducted periodically
at the discretion of the FDA. 

 In connection with its distribution of cylinders
of ethanol in nitrogen for use in calibrating breath alcohol testers (described above under Environmental Matters ),
Lifeloc has trained on and is following the requirements of OSHA's Hazardous Communications Standard of 2012 (referred to as HazCom
2012 ). Compliance with HazCom 2012 requires providing employee information and training, labeling of chemicals used by Lifeloc and
updating MSDS to the new harmonized Safety Data Sheets SDS as they become available. It also requires us to prepare and
implement a hazard communication program to follow for workers potentially exposed to hazardous chemicals. 

 We are also subject to regulation by the United
States Department of Transportation DOT and by various state departments of transportation. The Omnibus Transportation
Employee Testing Act of 1991 requires drug and alcohol testing of safety-sensitive transportation employees in aviation, trucking, railroads,
mass transit, pipelines, and other transportation industries. The DOT Office of Drug Alcohol Policy Compliance ODAPC publishes, implements, and provides authoritative interpretations of these rules. These regulations cover all transportation employers,
safety-sensitive transportation employees, and service agents. Manufacturers submit devices to the DOT for testing and approval. 
Instruments are tested according to their model specifications and, if passed, included on the Conforming Products List of Evidential
Breath Alcohol Measurement Devices (the CPL published periodically in the Federal Register. Law enforcement applications
also require that portable breath testing instruments be included on the CPL. Lifeloc's FC10, FC10Plus, FC20, FC20BT, EV30, and
Phoenix 6.0 are included on the CPL. Lifeloc s LX9 and LT7 have received conformance letters from the DOT and are expected
to appear in the next publication of the CPL. 

 We believe that we were in substantial compliance
with the regulations described above as of December 31, 2022 for our products sold into these markets and states. 

 See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We
are subject to a high degree of regulatory oversight and, if we do not continue to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, our revenues
may decline. 

International Regulations 

Outside of the United States, Lifeloc is subject to
applicable regional and foreign regulations. In order to sell our products in the European Union, a CE mark is required, which declares
product conformity to relevant directives. Product directives include electromagnetic compatibility and environmental directives which
restrict the use of certain hazardous substances in electronic equipment. Lifeloc has a number of CE marked products and we follow
other foreign regulations as they apply. 

Many countries into which our products are sold recognize
the CPL in their selection criteria or have no regulations applicable to the sale of our products. In the case of sales into countries
that do not recognize the CPL in their selection criteria, our products conform to in-country developed specifications or are not subject
to significant government regulation. 

State and Local Regulations 

In certain states, the results of portable fuel-cell
breath testers are admissible as evidence of intoxication in DUI prosecution. In other states, infra-red technology is considered the
standard for evidence of intoxication, because of its ability to perform real-time analysis of the entire breath exhalation thereby giving
it the ability to detect interference from mouth alcohol. In those states, portable fuel-cell based breath testers are not admissible
as evidence of intoxication, although they may still be used to establish probable cause. 

7 

Insurance 

We are covered under comprehensive general liability
insurance policies, which have per occurrence and aggregate limits of 1 million and 2 million, respectively, and a 5 million umbrella
policy. We maintain customary property and casualty, workers' compensation, employer liability and other commercial insurance
policies. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 35 full-time employees
and 2 part-time employees. At Lifeloc Technologies, we promise to expand human possibility within our company and we work to
attract and develop highly engaged people who can and want to do their best work. A culture of integrity is fundamental to Lifeloc s
core values, including a code of ethics. That applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and all other directors and management personnel. This code of ethics prohibits corrupt acts, bribery and anticompetitive behavior.
Employee training is used to reinforce our values companywide, with participation in trainings related to ethics, environment, health
and safety responses at or near 100 . We make the safety and health of our employees a top priority. We strive for zero workplace injuries
and illnesses and operate in a manner that recognizes safety as fundamental to Lifeloc being a great place to work. We invest in growth
and development of our employees. We take pride in our culture and make every effort to promote from within. We offer workplace benefits
to all full-time employees. Our comprehensive benefits include healthcare benefits, disability and life insurance benefits, paid time
off, and leave programs. Lifeloc offers plans and resources to help employees meet future savings goals through retirement savings plans.
We offer flextime, remote work, and part-time arrangements whenever business conditions permit. Productivity and continuous improvement
are important components of our workplace culture. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider the risk factors described
below. If any of the following risk factors actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations would
likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could fall, resulting in the loss of all or part of your investment.
You should look at all these risk factors in total. Some risk factors may stand on their own. Some risk factors may affect (or be affected
by) other risk factors. You should not assume we have identified these connections. You should not assume that we will always update these
and future risk factors in a timely manner. Except as required under applicable securities laws, we are not undertaking any obligation
to update these risk factors to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

Global economic conditions could have a negative
impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our business can be positively or negatively affected
by fluctuations in exchange rates and country by country economic conditions. Our international customers increase, reduce, delay
or cancel their purchases of our products when exchange rates are unfavorable to importation. Unfavorable economic and currency
situations at times force us to adjust prices downward to remain competitive. We incur losses if a customer's business fails and the customer
is unable to pay us, or pay us on a timely basis. Likewise, if our suppliers have difficulty in obtaining credit or in operating their
businesses, they may not be able to provide us with the materials we use to manufacture our products. Our law enforcement business
is dependent on the availability of federal and state grants to fund new equipment purchases. Should this funding be unavailable or delayed,
our volume may be negatively affected. Our workplace business may be affected by the health of industries with safety-sensitive jobs such
as oil and gas and transportation. Demand for our products may be affected by downturns in these segments. These actions would result
in reduced revenues and higher operating costs, and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely on customers who may not consistently
purchase our products in the future and if we lose any one of these customers, our revenues may decline. 

Fifteen percent of our product sales in 2022 were
attributable to three customers, with whom we do not have long-term contracts. If orders from those customers are not renewed,
our revenues may be adversely affected. Furthermore, at December 31, 2022, our accounts receivable balance included approximately
 103,739 or 17 from one customer, 98,412 or 16 from a second customer, and 42,954, or 7 , from a third customer. 

In the future, a small number of customers may continue
to represent a significant portion of our total revenues in any given period. These customers may not consistently purchase our products
at a particular rate over any subsequent period. A loss of any of these customers could adversely affect our revenues. 

8 

We rely heavily upon the talents of our Chief
Executive Officer, the loss of whom could severely damage our business. 

Our performance depends to a large extent on a small
number of key managerial personnel. In particular, we believe our success is highly dependent upon the services and reputation of our
Chief Executive Officer and President, Dr. Wayne R. Willkomm. Loss of Dr. Willkomm's services could severely damage our business. 

We must continue to be able to attract employees,
including employees with the scientific and technical skills that our business requires, and if we are unable to attract and retain such
individuals, our business could be severely damaged. Labor shortages across the country threaten to damage our business. 

Our ability to attract employees, including employees
with a high degree of scientific and technical talent is crucial to the success of our business. There is intense competition for the
services of such persons, and we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to attract and retain individuals possessing the necessary
qualifications. If we cannot attract such individuals, we may not be able to keep our products current, bring new innovation to
market or produce our products. As a result, our business could be damaged. Additionally, labor shortages, which have become more common
due to COVID-19 impacts, threaten to damage our business. 

Our growth depends in part on the timely development
and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services. 

If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products
and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business will suffer. Our success depends on several
factors, including our ability to: 

correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs
and preferences; 

allocate our R D funding to products and services with higher growth
prospects; 

anticipate and respond to our competitors development of new products
and services and technological innovations; 

differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings and avoid
commoditization; 

innovate and develop new technologies and applications; 

obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies
before our competitors do; 

successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them
competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; 

obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope; and 

stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies.

If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs
and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in R D of products and services that do not lead to
significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business. Even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products
and services, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, promising new offerings may
fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns. 

Our ongoing investment in new products,
services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. 

We have invested and expect to continue to invest
in new products, services, and technologies. Such endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management
from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate
return of capital on our investments, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings. Because
these new ventures are inherently risky, sometimes they have been unsuccessful and no assurance can be given that such strategies and
offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

We are subject to a high degree of regulatory
oversight, and, if we do not continue to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, our revenues would decline. 

We are subject to regulation by the United States
Department of Transportation DOT and by various state departments of transportation. The Omnibus Transportation
Employee Testing Act of 1991 requires drug and alcohol testing of safety-sensitive transportation employees in aviation, trucking, railroads,
mass transit, pipelines, and other transportation industries. The DOT Office of Drug Alcohol Policy Compliance ODAPC publishes, implements, and provides authoritative interpretations of these rules. These regulations cover all transportation
employers, safety-sensitive transportation employees, and service agents. Manufacturers submit devices to the DOT for testing
and approval. Instruments are tested according to their model specifications and, if passed, included on the CPL. Law
enforcement applications also require that portable breath testing instruments be included on the CPL. Lifeloc's FC10, FC10Plus,
FC20, FC20BT, EV30, and Phoenix 6.0 are included on the Conforming Products List of Evidential Breath Alcohol Measurement Devices CPL ). Lifeloc s LX9 and LT7 have received conformance letters from the DOT and are expected to appear
in the next publication of the CPL. We believe that we were in substantial compliance with the regulations described above as of December
31, 2022 for our products sold into these markets and states. 

9 

The FDA and the DOT have cleared us to market the
alcohol monitoring products we currently sell in the United States. However, further FDA or DOT approval will be required before
we can domestically market additional alcohol monitoring products that we may develop in the future. We may also seek to sell
new medical or drug-related products, or market current products for new uses, either of which could require us to obtain FDA or DOT clearance
to market such products. We may also be required to obtain regulatory approvals or licenses from other federal, state or local
agencies or comparable agencies in other countries. 

We may not continue to receive FDA or DOT clearance
to market our current products or we may not obtain the necessary regulatory clearance, approvals or licenses for the marketing of any
of our future products. Also, we cannot predict the impact on our business of FDA or DOT regulations or determinations arising
from future legislation or administrative action. If we lose FDA or DOT permission to market our current products or we do not obtain
regulatory permission to market our future products, our revenues would likely decline, harming our business. 

Our business in the domestic law enforcement
area is susceptible to changes in state policies and DUI laws. 

Portable breath testers PBTs are not
used to the same degree in each state. Usage is determined by a complex combination of individual state DUI laws, historical practice,
and individual state directions for alcohol testing. Some states do not accept breath alcohol testing as evidence. Other states may
prefer different breath alcohol testing technology, such as infrared. Lifeloc cannot control the direction or timing of changes to individual
state DUI laws, public and political sentiment toward the use of PBTs, or individual state preferences for a specific breath alcohol testing
technology. These factors threaten current state contracts and future state contracts and threaten revenue. 

Our business relies on state contracts, governed
by state contracting policies that are beyond our control. 

Many state purchases of PBTs are governed by state
contracts with competitive price bids, multiple year terms and without guarantees of purchases. Other states prefer to share PBT usage
across several vendors, also without guarantees of volume. These state practices limit Lifeloc's ability to retain current business, forecast
volumes and win new business. Furthermore, a significant amount of our law enforcement business is concentrated in eight states (Arizona,
Arkansas, California, Colorado, Michigan, Idaho, Texas and Nevada). Loss of this business, or delays or cancellations in purchasing by
these states, seriously impacts our law enforcement business. 

Third parties may infringe on our patents, and
as a result, we could incur significant expense in protecting our patents or not have sufficient resources to protect them. 

We hold several patents that are important to our
business. We plan to protect these patents from infringement and obtain additional patents whenever feasible. To this end, we have obtained
confidentiality agreements from our employees and consultants and others who have access to the design of our products and other proprietary
information. Protecting and obtaining patents, however, is both time consuming and expensive. We therefore may not have the
resources necessary to assert all potential patent infringement claims or pursue all patents that might be available to us. If
our competitors or other third parties infringe on our patents, our business may be harmed. 

Third parties may claim that we have infringed
on their patents and as a result, we could be prohibited from using all or part of any technology used in our products. 

Should third parties claim a proprietary right to
all or part of any technology that we use in our products, such a claim, regardless of its merit, could involve us in costly litigation. If
successful, such a claim could also result in us being unable to freely use the technology that was the subject of the claim, or sell
products embodying such technology. If we engage in litigation, our expenses may increase and our business may be harmed. 
If we are prohibited from using a particular technology in our products, our revenues may decline and our business may be harmed. 

Third parties to whom we have licensed our patents
may choose to enforce them through litigation, over which we would exert little or no control. 

Should third parties who have licensed our intellectual
property determine it is in their best interest to pursue litigation based on those patents, we would have no control in the direction
of that litigation or the resulting publicity. Litigation may result in unfavorable findings by courts regarding the nature or protectability
of our intellectual property. Litigation may result in additional expenditures or harm the business. Additionally, we would have no control
over the publicity any such litigation may garner, which could negatively affect the company in the marketplace. In any of these situations,
revenues may decline and our business may be harmed. 

10 

We depend on the availability of certain key
supplies and services that are available from only a few sources, and if we experience difficulty with a supplier, we may have difficulty
finding alternative sources of supply. 

We require certain key supplies for our products,
particularly fuel cells, that are available from only a few sources. Based upon our ordering experience to date, we believe
the materials and services required for the production of our products are currently available in sufficient quantities. However, this
does not mean that we will continue to have timely access to adequate supplies of essential materials and services in the future or that
supplies of these materials and services will be available on satisfactory terms when the need arises. Our business could be severely
damaged if we become unable to procure essential materials and services in adequate quantities and at acceptable prices. 

From time to time, subcontractors may produce certain
of our products for us, and our business is subject to the risk that these subcontractors may fail to make timely delivery and/or become
unable to acquire essential supplies and services from third parties in a timely fashion. If this occurs, we may not be able
to deliver our products on a timely basis and our revenues may decline. Our products and services are also from time to time used as components
in the products of other manufacturers. We are therefore subject to the risk that manufacturers that integrate our products or services
into their own products may change their source of supply to other vendors, may change their product designs in a way that eliminates
our components, and/or may choose to have their components manufactured by other means. If this occurs, our sales may decline
and our business may be harmed. 

We may be exposed to claims of liability. 

Like any manufacturer, we are and always have been
exposed to liability claims resulting from the use of our products. We maintain product liability insurance to cover us in
the event of liability claims, and as of December 31, 2022, no such claims have been asserted or threatened against us. However,
our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all possible future product liabilities. 

We could be liable if our business operations
harmed the environment, and a failure to maintain compliance with environmental laws could severely damage our business. 

Our operations are subject to a variety of federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. From time to time, we use hazardous materials
in our operations. Although we believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations,
our business could be severely damaged by any failure to maintain such compliance. 

 Climate change may adversely
impact our business. 

 The impact of continuing climate
change could result in increased costs or reduced demand for our products, carbon asset risks, risks due to severe weather events and
may result in the need for us to devote additional resources to the management of greenhouse gas emissions which will likely harm
our profitability. 

 Our quarterly financial results vary quarter
to quarter, which adversely affects our stock price at times. We cannot predict with any certainty our operating results in any particular
fiscal quarter. 

Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly
depending upon factors such as: 

the timing of completion of significant orders; 

the timing and amount of our research and development expenditures; 

the costs of initial production in connection with new products; 

the availability, quality and cost of key components that go into the assembly of our products; 

the timing of new product introductions both by us and by our competitors; 

changes in the regulatory environment and regulations under which we operate; 

the loss of a major customer; 

the timing and level of market acceptance of new products or enhanced versions of our existing products; 

our ability to retain existing employees, customers and our customers' continued demand for our products and services; 

our customers' inventory levels, and levels of demand for our customers' products and services; and 

competitive pricing pressures. 

We may not be able to grow or sustain revenues or
achieve or maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis, and levels of revenue and/or profitability may vary from one such period
to another. 

11 

Identification of material weakness in internal control may adversely
affect our financial results. 

We are subject to the ongoing internal control provisions
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Those provisions provide for the identification of material weaknesses in internal control.
If such a material weakness is identified, it could indicate a lack of adequate controls to generate accurate financial statements. We
routinely assess our internal controls, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to timely remediate any material weaknesses that
may be identified in future periods, or maintain all of the controls necessary for continued compliance. 

We may require additional capital in the future, which may not be
available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. 

We monitor our capital adequacy on an ongoing basis.
To the extent that our funds are insufficient to fund future operating requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through corporate
finance transactions or curtail our growth and reduce our liabilities. Any equity, hybrid or debt financing, if available at all, may
be on terms that are not favorable to us. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, financial condition
and operating results would be adversely affected. 

We have a number of large, well-financed competitors
who have research and marketing capabilities that are superior to ours. 

The industry in which we operate is highly competitive.
Many of our existing and potential competitors have greater financial resources and manufacturing capabilities, more established and larger
marketing and sales organizations and larger technical staffs than we have. Other companies, some with greater experience in
the alcohol monitoring industry, produce products and services that compete with our products and services. When our competitors
are successful in developing products that are superior to our products, or competing products that sell for lower prices, there is a
reduction in the demand for our products and a corresponding reduction in our revenue and our profits. 

Our products rely on technology that may become
outdated or out of favor. 

All of Lifeloc's products use fuel cell technology
for the measurement of breath alcohol results. This technology has been developed and refined over many years by Lifeloc and our major
competitors. While we expect it to remain as the dominant technology in breath testing devices, other technologies for the measurement
of breath alcohol exist and are employed in other market and application segments where the technology is more suitable or developed to
the specific requirements. Future development of these technologies pose a risk to Lifeloc's business. See Item 1. Business 
Competition and Markets for more information about these other technologies. 

 Natural disasters, public
health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may damage our facilities or the
facilities of third parties on which we depend and could impact customer priorities and consumer spending. 

 We have global third parties
upon whom we rely and who are sometimes impacted by events outside of our control. An earthquake or other natural disaster or power shortages
or outages could disrupt operations or impair sales. In addition, if any facilities of our suppliers, third-party service providers, vendors,
or customers, is affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons, public
health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crises, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or
other events outside of our control, our business and operating results could suffer. Any of these disruptions or other events outside
of our control would affect our business negatively, harming our operating results. 

 Our business may be adversely
affected by the continuing Covid-19 pandemic 

 Our business is adversely affected
by the ongoing outbreak of a strain of coronavirus variants. The Covid-19 outbreaks including the Delta and Omicron variants resulted
in continued shutdown of certain businesses globally which led to disruptions to our supply chain and our customers business operations.
Ongoing disruptions and responses to those disruptions could include the temporary closure of third-party supplier and manufacturer facilities,
interruptions in product supply, or restrictions on the export or shipment of our products or components. Global health concerns, such
as Covid-19, its variants, and other health concerns, also results in greater continued social, economic, and labor instability in the
countries in which we or our customers and suppliers operate. These disruptions or the uncertainties around them have had a material adverse
effect on our business and our results of operation and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our Stock 

Shares of our common stock lack a significant
trading market. 

Shares of our common stock are not eligible for trading
on any national securities exchange. Our common stock may be quoted in the over-the-counter market on the OTC Bulletin Board or in what
are commonly referred to as pink sheets. However, these markets are highly illiquid. There is no assurance that an active
trading market in our common stock will develop, or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. In addition, there is a greater
chance for market volatility for securities quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and pink sheets as compared with securities traded on a national
exchange. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available quotations, the absence of consistent
administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations and generally lower trading volume. 

12 

Under certain circumstances, shares of our common stock may be sold
without registration pursuant to the safe harbor provided in Exchange Act Rule 144 Rule 144 ). Any sale under Rule 144 or
under any other exemption from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), if available, or pursuant to registration
of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our common stock in any market that
may develop. 

Additionally, the price of our securities may be volatile
as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

our ability to successfully conceive and to develop new products and services to enhance the performance characteristics and methods of manufacture of existing products; 

our ability to retain existing customers and customers' continued demand for our products and services; 

the timing of our research and development expenditures and of new product introductions; 

the timing and level of acceptance of new products or enhanced versions of our existing products; 

price and volume fluctuations in the stock market at large which do not relate to our operating performance; and 

outside news reports which may or may not accurately convey information about us, our products, our prospects and opportunities. 

Our principal stockholder has significant voting
power and may take actions that may not be in the best interests of other stockholders. 

Vern D. Kornelsen, Chairman of our Board of Directors,
Secretary, and Chief Financial Officer, beneficially owned approximately 77 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. Through
this ownership, Mr. Kornelsen is able to control the composition of our Board and direct our management and policies. Accordingly,
Mr. Kornelsen has the direct or indirect power to: 

amend our bylaws and some provisions of our articles of incorporation; and 

cause or prevent mergers, consolidations, sales of all or substantially all our assets or other extraordinary transactions. 

Mr. Kornelsen's significant ownership interest
could adversely affect investors' perceptions of our corporate governance. In addition, Mr. Kornelsen may have an interest in pursuing
acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that involve risks to us and you. For example, Mr. Kornelsen could cause us to
make acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or to sell revenue generating assets. Mr. Kornelsen may from time to time acquire
and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. 

Stockholders should not anticipate receiving
cash dividends on our stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings to support operations and to finance expansion and
therefore do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Increasingly common data privacy and cybersecurity
regulations impact the use of or market for our products . 

Information collected with our products may be governed
by certain data privacy and cyber security regulations, breach of which could cause negative publicity or otherwise harm the company.
As a Company with information stored online, the company may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks which may trigger reporting requirements
and legal liability. Responding to a cybersecurity threat or breach would require financial resources, would cause a loss of productivity,
and would open the Company to legal liability. 

U.S. Trade relations negatively impact the availability
of materials or the international market for the Company s product. 

Changes in U.S. trade relations, particularly the
impositions of tariffs by the U.S. and China, have had and are expected to continue to have material effects on the performance of many
companies. The Company is negatively affected by tariffs on any component materials required for a company product. Trade relations also
decrease any potential international market for the Company products, affecting the Company s potential for growth. 

13 

We may issue shares in the future, diluting
your interest in us. 

We issue options to purchase shares of our common
stock to compensate employees, consultants and directors under our 2013 Stock Option Plan, and we may issue additional shares to raise
capital. Any such issuances will have the effect of further diluting the interest of the holders of our securities. 

General Risk Factors 

Blue Sky considerations limit sales in certain
states. 

The holders of our securities and persons who desire
to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions
upon the ability of investors to resell our securities. Investors should consider any secondary market for our securities to be a limited
one. The manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company
issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the
security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an
issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent
fiscal year of operations. Since June 14, 2011, we have been listed in Standard Poor's. While many states expressly recognize this
manual, a smaller number of states declare that they recognize securities manuals but do not specify the recognized manuals,
making applicability of the manual exemption uncertain in those states. The following states do not have provisions expressly recognizing
the manual exemption: Alabama, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, New York, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Virginia. While we may, in
our discretion, cause our securities to be registered under the state securities laws of these or other states, there is no guarantee
that we will do so. 

Compliance with changing regulations of corporate
governance and public disclosure result in expense. 

We are subject to certain federal, state and other
rules and regulations, including those required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new regulations promulgated by the SEC and the rules
of the OTC Market. The expense of compliance with these and other laws relating to corporate governance and public disclosure
is included in our general and administrative expenses. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations
in many cases, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing
bodies, which could result in higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We are
committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we invest resources to
comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment results in increased general and administrative expenses and
a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties 

On October 31, 2014, we purchased the commercial property
the Company uses as its corporate headquarters and certain adjacent property in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. The building consists of
22,325 square feet, of which approximately 14,412 square feet are occupied by Lifeloc and approximately 7,913 square feet are currently
leased to two tenants under leases that expire at various times until September 30, 2023. We intend to continue to lease the space we
are not occupying, but in the future may elect to expand our own operations into space currently leased to other tenants. Our purchase
of the property was partially financed through a term loan in an original principal amount of 1,581,106, secured by a first-priority
mortgage on the property. This loan was paid off on September 30, 2021 with proceeds from a new term loan, also secured by a first-priority
mortgage on the property, in the principal amount of 1,350,000 which matures in September, 2031. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We may be involved from time to time in litigation,
negotiation and settlement matters that may have a material effect on our operations or finances. We are not aware of any material
pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, to which we are a party or of which any
of our property is subject. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 65 shareholders of
record. Our common stock is not listed on an established public trading market. Since January 17, 2012, our stock has been quoted by the
OTC Markets Group, Inc., in the non-NASDAQ over the counter market. The symbol for our shares is LCTC. Trading in our common stock is
limited and sporadic. Subject to the foregoing qualification, the following table sets forth the range of bid quotations for the fiscal
quarters indicated, as quoted by OTC Markets Group, Inc., and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark up, mark down or commission
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal 2022 
 Bid Price 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Bid Price 
 
 1 st Quarter 
 3.61 5.60 
 1 st Quarter 
 2.15 4.50 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 3.40 5.60 
 2 nd Quarter 
 3.32 4.25 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 2.75 4.00 
 3 rd Quarter 
 3.40 9.00 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 2.15 3.35 
 4 th Quarter 
 4.60 5.87 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on
shares of our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future
earnings, if any, to finance our operations and expand our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion
of the board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, and other factors
the board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following is a discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations, and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in
this Form 10-K. Certain statements contained in this section are not historical facts, including statements about our strategies
and expectations about new and existing products, market demand, acceptance of new and existing products, technologies and opportunities,
market and industry segment growth, and return on investments in products and markets. These statements are forward-looking
statements and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by
the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this section are based on information available to us on
the date of this document, and we assume no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. Readers of this Form 10-K
are strongly encouraged to review the section titled Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Lifeloc Technologies, Inc., a Colorado corporation Lifeloc or the Company ), is a Colorado-based developer, manufacturer and marketer of portable hand-held
and fixed station breathalyzers and related accessories, supplies and education. We design, produce and sell fuel-cell based breath
alcohol testing equipment. We compete in all major segments of the portable breath alcohol testing instrument market, including
law enforcement, workplace, corrections, original equipment manufacturing OEM and consumer markets. In addition, we offer
a line of supplies, accessories, services, and training to support customers' alcohol testing programs. We sell globally through distributors
as well as directly to users. 

We define our business as providing near and
remote sensing and monitoring products and solutions. Today, the majority of our revenues are derived from products and services
for alcohol detection and measurement. We remain committed to growing our breath alcohol testing business. In the future, we anticipate
the commercialization of new sensing and measurement products that may allow Lifeloc to successfully expand our business into new growth
areas where we do not presently compete or where no satisfactory product solutions exist today. 

In addition, with the October 2014 purchase of our
corporate headquarters and certain adjacent property, we added a new reporting segment focused on the ownership and rental of real property
through existing commercial leases. 

15 

Lifeloc incorporated in Colorado in December 1983. We
filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which became effective on May 31, 2011. Our
fiscal year end is December 31. Our principal executive offices are located at 12441 West 49th Avenue, Unit 4, Wheat Ridge, Colorado
80033-3338. Our telephone number is (303) 431-9500. Our websites are www.lifeloc.com
and www.stsfirst.com. Information contained on our websites does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. 

Outlook 

Installed Base of Breathalyzers . We
believe the installed base of our breathalyzers will increase as the inherent risks associated with drinking while driving or while working
in safety sensitive jobs become more widely acknowledged and as our network of distributors and our direct sales force grows. We
believe that increased marketing efforts, the introduction of new products and the expansion of our sales network may provide the basis
for increased sales and continuing profitable operations. However, these measures, or any others that we may adopt or determine
not to adopt, may not result in either increased sales or continuing profitable operations. 

Possibility of Operating Losses. Over
many of the past several years we have operated profitably; however, prior to that, and in 2022 and 2021, we incurred losses. There
is no assurance that we will not incur losses in any given quarter or year in the future. 

Sales Growth . We expect to increase
sales in the U.S. and worldwide as our network of direct customers and distributors grows and becomes more proficient and expands the
number of new accounts. Our growth efforts have focused on expanding our global reach and broadening our product offering in
alcohol and drug detection. Orders for all of our products, particularly ignition interlock components, are on an intermittent purchase
order basis and there is no assurance they will continue at any given rate, or that orders will repeat. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses. We
continue our efforts to expand our domestic and international distribution capability, and we believe that sales and marketing expenses
will need to be maintained at a healthy level in order to do so. Sales and marketing expenses are expected to increase as we
increase our direct sales representatives and marketing efforts. 

Research and Development Expenses . We
expect to increase our research and development expenses to support refinements to our products, and the development of additional new
products. 

SpinDx 

In August 2016 we entered into an exclusive patent
license agreement with Sandia Corporation pursuant to which we acquired the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and market Sandia's
patented SpinDx technology for the detection of drugs of abuse. We believe this license agreement represents the beginning of a
relationship that will become material to the Company in near the future. A prototype was built by Sandia under our Cooperative Research
and Development Agreement and received in 2018, after which we commenced work on commercializing the device. 

In 2022 we purchased SpinDx related test and other
equipment totaling 23,999 and in 2021 265,867. We are optimistic about the results of the work to date and expect market introduction
later in 2023 and commercialization in 2024. SpinDx uses a centrifugal disk with micro fluidic flow paths allowing multiple tests
to be carried out on a single small sample. The SpinDx platform has the potential to revolutionize real-time screening for
a panel of high abuse drugs, with the ability to quickly and quantitatively measure very low concentrations of drugs such as cocaine,
heroin, methamphetamine and others. We intend to use this technology, sometimes referred to as Lab on a Disk , to
develop devices and tests that could be used at roadside, emergency rooms and in workplace testing to get a rapid and quantitative measure
for a panel of such drugs of abuse. We have detected delta-9-THC (the primary psychoactive component of marijuana) down to concentrations
of 5 nanograms per milliliter in our laboratory. This includes resolving the psychoactive delta-9-THC from its inactive metabolites.
Resolving the psychoactive levels from metabolites is an important step in establishing impairment. We completed the upgrade of our base
breathalyzer platform in 2019 (the LX9), and we remain committed to combining it with the SpinDx technology. If successful, this combination
will result in a THC breathalyzer. There is no assurance that our efforts to develop a marijuana breathalyzer will be successful or that
significant sales will result from such development if successful. 

R.A.D.A.R. 

 On March 8, 2017, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Track Group Inc., a Delaware corporation. Pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, we acquired certain assets comprised of: (1) handheld hardware device technology (the R.A.D.A.R. 
Mobile Devices ), designed to measure breath alcohol content of the user; and (2) software technology called R.A.D.A.R. (Real-time
Alcohol Detection and Reporting) Reporting Center designed to allow the Device to be configured and to capture and manage the data being
returned from the Device (together with the Device, the R.A.D.A.R. Assets ). Although there is no assurance of market
acceptance, widespread adoption of the R.A.D.A.R. Mobile Devices may provide an alternative to, and thus lower, incarceration rates
through better offender monitoring. We have updated the R.A.D.A.R. 200 Mobile Device and it has been released for sale in 2022. On
June 1, 2022, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Probation Tracker, Inc., a Colorado corporation PTI and capitalized
it with 61,353 in exchange for 613,530 shares of PTI common stock. PTI had no activity during the six months ended December 31, 2022.
In August 2022, we filed a Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in anticipation of distributing all of the 613,530 shares
of common stock to our shareholders as a stock dividend. In September, 2022, this Form 10 was withdrawn, and the plan to distribute the
PTI shares was canceled. The 61,353 of cash was withdrawn and PTI was deactivated. We have entered into a consulting agreement with a
third party to work on developing proof of concept showing that R.A.D.A.R. 300 is feasible. 

16 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 . 

The remnants of Covid-19, as well as supply chain
problems, continue to impact our business in 2022, as it has others throughout the world. In addition to straining the budgets of law
enforcement agencies and other customers, relocating workers from the workplace to their homes decreased the perceived need to monitor
for the presence of alcohol. We reduced costs where possible, while at the same time continuing our new product development efforts and
maintaining the high level of customer service that has led to an excellent reputation for outstanding customer service. As the pandemic
subsides, we are seeing revenues revert to their former levels. With the introduction of new products, we believe Lifeloc will again be
profitable. 

Net sales. Our product sales for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 8,350,463, an increase of 21 from 6,898,955 for the same period a year ago. This increase is primarily
attributable to prevailing market conditions. When royalties of 40,674 and rental income of 90,856 are included, total revenues
of 8,481,993 increased by 1,427,563, or 20 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same 12 months a year ago. Rental
income increased by 2,907 due to increased rental rates in 2022, and royalties decreased by 26,852 due to a decrease in sales by royalty-paying
customers. 

Gross profit. Gross profit for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of 3,074,951 represented an increase of 1/2 from total gross profit of 3,060,096 for the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily as a result of inflationary component cost increases and from accelerating the amortization of RADAR 200 related assets,
in addition to increased sales volume, offset in part by decreased royalties in 2021. Cost of product sales increased from 3,946,545
in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5,352,862 in the same period in 2022, an increase of 1,406,317 (36 ). Gross profit margin
on products decreased to 35.9 in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 42.8 in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result
of the increase in costs. 

Research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses were 1,385,927 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 172,445 (14 over the 1,213,482
in the same period a year ago. This increase resulted primarily from the addition of personnel and materials needed for our
dedication of resources to SpinDx. 

Sales and marketing expenses. Sales and marketing
expenses of 1,122,526 for the year ended December 31, 2022 were up by 118,543 from the 1,003,983 or 12 , spent in the same period a
year ago as a result of expanded marketing efforts, including attending trade shows, following the decline of the pandemic. 

General and administrative expenses. 
General and administrative expenses were 1,216,843 for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 1,111,544 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 105,299 or 10 , which was attributable mostly to inflationary cost increases. 

Other income (expense). Other income
includes forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection loans totaling 936,444 in 2021 versus none in 2022. Interest income increased from 3,401
a year ago to 13,114 in 2022, as a result of higher yield availability. Interest expense of 43,081 in the year ended December 31,
2022 was down from 51,272 in the previous year as a result of the decrease in the interest rate on our new loan on our building. 

Net income (loss). We realized a net
loss of 455,757 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net income of 675,967 the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease
of 1,131,724 was the result of the forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection loans in 2021 vs. no similar event in 2022, as well as the
changes in gross profit, operating expenses and other income discussed above, offset in part by an increased income tax benefit of 60,673. 

Trends and Uncertainties That May Affect Future Results 

Revenues in the year 2022 were higher compared to
revenues in 2021. We believe that the anticipated slowdown of the pandemic, along with continued increased sales efforts, may result
in improved revenues in 2023 and beyond. We expect our quarter-to-quarter revenue fluctuations to continue, due to the unpredictable
timing of large orders from customers and the size of those orders in relation to total revenues. Going forward, we intend
to focus our development efforts on products we believe offer the best prospects to increase our intermediate and near-term revenues,
with particular emphasis on completing SpinDx . 

17 

Our 2022 operating plan is focused on growing sales,
increasing gross profits, and increasing research and development efforts on new products, including SpinDx , for long-term growth.
We cannot predict with certainty the expected sales, gross profit, net income or loss, or usage of cash and cash equivalents for 2023.
However, we believe that cash resources will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months under our current operating
plan. If we are unable to manage the business operations in line with our budget expectations, it could have a material adverse effect
on business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Further, if we are not successful in sustaining profitability
and remaining at least cash flow break-even, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. 

Interest expense . In connection with the financing
of our building purchase on October 31, 2014 we obtained a 10-year term loan from Bank of America in an initial principal amount of 1,581,106
bearing interest at 4.45 per annum (which was decreased to 4 in 2016) and secured by a first-priority mortgage in the acquired property,
as well as a one-year 250,000 line of credit, which was later increased to 750,000 with a maturity date of September 28, 2021. The Bank
of America loan was paid on September 30, 2021 with proceeds from a new term loan from Citywide Banks, also secured by a first-priority
mortgage on the property, in the principal amount of 1,350,000. The new loan is payable in monthly installments of 7,453, with interest
at 2.95 and a maturity date of September 30, 2031. The revolving line of credit facility expired in accordance with its terms and has
not been renewed. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We compete in a highly technical, very competitive
and, in most cases, price driven alcohol testing marketplace, where products can take years to develop and introduce to distributors and
end users. Furthermore, manufacturing, marketing and distribution activities are regulated by the FDA, the DOT, and other regulatory
bodies that, while intended to enhance the ultimate quality and functionality of products produced, can contribute to the cost and time
needed to maintain existing products and develop and introduce new products. 

 Except for normal operating contractual commitments
and purchase orders, and aside from the commitments under our term loan and line of credit with Citywide Banks, we do not have any material
contractual commitments requiring settlement in the future. See Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies to our Financial
Statements in Part II - Item 8. 

We have traditionally funded working capital needs
through product sales and close management of working capital components of our business. Historically, we have also received
cash from private offerings of our common stock, warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, and notes. In our earlier
years, we incurred quarter to quarter operating losses to develop current product applications, utilizing a number of proprietary and
patent-pending technologies. Although we have been profitable in recent years except 2020 and 2022, we can provide no assurances
that operating losses will not occur in the future. Should that situation arise, we may not be able to obtain working capital
funds necessary in the time frame needed and at satisfactory terms, if at all. 

As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents
was 2,352,754, trade accounts receivable were 627,919 and current liabilities were 1,136,682 resulting in net liquid assets of 1,843,991. We
believe that the diminishing of the Covid-19 pandemic and the introduction of several new products during the last several years, along
with new and on-going customer relationships will allow Lifeloc to operate profitably. If the revenue levels during the last several
years prior to 2020 are not achieved on a timely basis, we may be required to seek additional sources of capital and/or to implement further
cost reduction measures, as necessary. 

Equipment expenditures, consisting of updated production
equipment and SpinDx related equipment, during FY 22 were 213,206 compared to 265,867 for FY 21, a decrease of 52,661. We incurred
patent application costs in preparation for filing of 9,370 in 2022 versus 2,609 in 2021. Expired and fully amortized patents of 13,758
were removed from our financial statements in 2022. 

We generally provide a standard one-year limited warranty
on materials and workmanship to our customers. We provide for estimated warranty costs at the time product revenue is recognized. Warranty
costs are included as a component of cost of goods sold in the accompanying statements of operations. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, warranty costs were not deemed significant. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and
estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and
circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

18 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On
an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, sales returns, warranty, contingencies
and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used
in the preparation of our financial statements. 

We have concluded that we have two operating segments,
including our primary business which is as a developer, manufacturer and marketer of portable hand-held breathalyzers and related accessories,
supplies and education, and a second segment consisting of renting portions of our building to existing tenants. 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. If the financial condition of our customers
were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required, which would
increase our expenses during the periods in which any such allowances were made. The amount recorded as a provision for bad
debts in each period is based upon our assessment of the likelihood that we will be paid on our outstanding receivables, based on customer-specific
as well as general considerations. To the extent that our estimates prove to be too high, and we ultimately collect a receivable
previously determined to be impaired, we may record a reversal of the provision in the period of such determination. 

We reduce inventory for estimated obsolete or unmarketable
inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand
and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory
write-downs may be required. Any write-downs of inventory would reduce our reported net income during the period in which such
write-downs were applied. 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation
computed over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally five years (three years for software and technology licenses). 
We use the declining method of depreciation for property, including space modifications, and the straight line method for software and
technology licenses. We purchased all of the assets of STS, an online education company, in 2014, which consisted of training courses
that are amortized over 15 years using the straight line method. In October 2014, we purchased our building. A majority of the cost
of the building is depreciated over 39 years using the straight line method. In addition, based on the results of a third party analysis,
a portion of the cost was allocated to components integral to the building. Such components are depreciated over 5 and 15 years,
using the declining method. The R.A.D.A.R. software and patents that were purchased in March 2017 were originally set to amortize
over 15 years using the straight line method, but in 2022 we accelerated the amortization of the remaining cost to fully amortize the
assets by December 31, 2022. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and major additions, replacements and improvements are capitalized. 

Revenue from product sales and supplies is generally
recorded when we ship the product and title has passed to the customer, or when agreed milestones are met in the case of product developments,
provided that we have evidence of a customer arrangement and can conclude that collection is probable. The prices at which
we sell our products are fixed and determinable at the time we accept a customer's order. We recognize revenue from sales to stocking
distributors when there is no right of return, other than for normal warranty claims, and generally have no ongoing obligations related
to product sales, except for normal warranty. 

The sales of licenses to our training courses are
recognized as revenue at the time of sale. Direct training performed by us is recognized when training is completed by the trainer, with
the unearned portion classified as deferred revenue. Training and certification revenues are recognized at the time the training and certification occurs. 
Data recording revenue is recognized based on each day s usage of enrolled devices. 

Revenues arising from extended warranty contracts
are booked as sales over their life on a straight-line basis. We provide customer financing and leasing ourselves, which we recognize
as revenue over the applicable lease term. Occasionally, we rent used equipment to customers, and in those cases, we recognize
the revenues as they are earned over the life of the contract. 

Royalty income is recognized in accordance with agreed
upon terms, when performance obligations are satisfied, the amount is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

19 

Rental income from space leased to our tenants is
recognized in the month in which it is due. 

On occasion we receive customer deposits for future
product orders and for product development. Customer deposits are initially recorded as a liability and recognized as revenue
when the product is shipped and title has passed to the customer, or in the case of product development, when agreed milestones are met. 

Stock-based compensation is presented in accordance
with the guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under the provisions of ASC 718, companies are required
to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards made to employees and directors including employee stock options based on estimated
fair values on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected
to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in our statement of operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The following financial statements are included in
this Report: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (PCAOB ID: 6778) 
 21 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 23 

Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 24 

Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 26 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 27 

20 

Gries Associates, LLC 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street Ste 1100 

 Denver, Colorado 80246 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Lifeloc Technologies, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the
related statements of Operations, Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
to the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United Sates) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we were required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. According we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluation of the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the disclosures to which it relates. 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

 501 S. Cherry Street Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado 80246 

 (O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

21 

Inventories 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company s inventories consist of finished
goods and raw materials, which are manufactured or purchased for use in the Company s finished goods. The Company offers several
different products to its customers. The cost of the inventory is a combination of raw materials, labor to convert those materials to
components of the inventory and finished goods, and an allocation of overhead and related costs. The Company also prepares an obsolescence
valuation at year end to properly record inventory at lower of cost or net realizable value. 

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in
determining the costs of inventory and includes the following: 

Determination of which costs
to include at each manufacturing phase, including overhead allocation and materials used for production and finished goods. 

Identification of Inventory
on hand and any obsolescence reserve or write-offs determined based on usability of inventory on hand. 

Given the inherent uncertainty in forecasting product
demand, including the impact of product releases, auditing the reasonableness of management s estimated and assumptions related
to inventory reserve required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's
inventory included the following: 

We evaluated management s
significant accounting policies related to inventory for reasonableness. 

We selected a sample of finished
goods and raw materials and performed detailed testing over the items selected, including but not limited to the following: 

o Agreed the bill of materials
source documents for each selection, including invoice, labor and overhead allocations, and any other items relevant to price verification 

o Tested managements identification
and application of inventory costs for components and finished goods 

o Performed a physical inventory
count as of year end and tested the reconciliation of quantities on hand to the inventory listing, performing both existence and completeness
testing. 

o Assessed the reasonableness
of costs and the appropriate application of managements significant accounting policies related to Inventory, including determination
of inventory obsolescence reserve. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact
that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact
on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 10, 2023 
 PCAOB# 

22 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Balance Sheets 

ASSETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Employee retention credit receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, at cost: 

Land 

Building 

Real-time Alcohol Detection And Recognition equipment and software 

Production equipment, software and space modifications 

Training courses 

Office equipment, software and space modifications 

Sales and marketing equipment and space modifications 

Research and development equipment, software and space modifications 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Patents, net 

Deposits and other 

Deferred taxes 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Term loan payable, current portion 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Reserve for warranty expense 

Total current liabilities 

TERM LOAN PAYABLE, net of current portion
 and debt issuance costs 

DEFERRED REVENUE, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares outstanding 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes. 

23 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC 

 Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 REVENUES: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Product sales 

Royalties 

Rental income 

Total 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection loan 

Employee retention credit 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total 

NET INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES 

BENEFIT FROM FEDERAL AND STATE INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE, BASIC 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE, DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES, BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES, DILUTED 

See accompanying notes. 

24 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total stockholders' equity, beginning balances 

Common stock (no shares issued during periods): 

Beginning balances 

Stock based compensation expense related 

to stock options 

Ending balances 

Retained earnings: 

Beginning balances 

Net income (loss) 

Ending balances 

Net income (loss) 

Total stockholders' equity, ending balances 

See accompanying notes. 

25 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income
 to net cash provided from (used in) operating activities- 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection loans loans 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net change 

Provision for inventory obsolescence, net change 

Deferred taxes, net change 

Stock
 based compensation expense related to stock options 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities- 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Employee retention credit receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Deposits and other 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided from (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Patent filing expense 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Principal payments made on term loan 

Proceeds from refinancing term loan 

Cost of refinancing term loan 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection loan (round 2) 

Net cash provided from (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 

See accompanying notes. 

26 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Level 3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable
as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management
judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission
rights. 

federally insured limit at December 31, 2022 by and by at a second financial institution. However,
we believe that the financial institutions are financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal. 

We have no significant off-balance sheet concentrations
of credit risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. 

Provision for estimated losses 

Recovery (write-off) of uncollectible accounts 

Balance, end of year 

The net accounts receivable balance at December 31,
2022 of included an account from one customer of (17 ), (16 from a second customer, from a second
customer (7 ), and no more than 6 from any other single customer. The net accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2021 of 
included an account from one customer of (13 ), from a second customer (10 ), and no more than 3 from any other single
customer. 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Total gross inventories 

Less reserve for obsolescence 

Total net inventories 

A summary of the activity in our inventory reserve
for obsolescence is as follows: 

Provision for estimated obsolescence 

Write-off of obsolete inventory 

Balance, end of year 

and respectively. 

impairments were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

and respectively. Amortization expense for each of the next 5 years is estimated to be 
per year. Capitalized costs are expensed if patents are not granted. We review the carrying value of our patents periodically
to determine whether the patents have continuing value and such reviews could result in the conclusion that the recorded amounts have
been impaired. Impairments of and were included in amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
A summary of our patents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Patent applications filed and in process 

Accumulated amortization 

Total net patents 

Property and other taxes 

Rebates 

Total accrued expenses 

Provision for estimated warranty claims 

Claims made 

Balance, end of year 

Training, certification and data recording 

Service plans and equipment rental 

Product sales subtotal 

Royalties 

Rental income 

Total revenues 

from Bank of America under the PPP (the PPP Loan ).
Proceeds of were received from a second loan with similar terms in February, 2021. The PPP provided that the PPP Loan could be
partially or wholly forgiven if the funds were used for certain qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The Company used the
entire PPP Loan amounts for qualifying expenses, and the loans were forgiven in their entirety in February, 2021 and September, 2021 respectively.
No interest on either loan has been recognized in our financial statements. 

and respectively. Stock-based compensation expense related to employee
stock options under ASC 718 is allocated to General and Administrative Expense when incurred. 

and per share, respectively. 

in exchange for 
shares of PTI common stock. PTI had no activity during the three months ended September 30, 2022. In August 2022, we filed a Form 10 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission in anticipation of distributing all of the shares of common stock to our shareholders as
a stock dividend. In September, 2022, this Form 10 was withdrawn, and the plan to distribute the PTI shares was canceled. The 
of cash was withdrawn and PTI was deactivated. We have entered into a consulting agreement with a third party to work on developing proof
of concept showing that R.A.D.A.R. 300 is feasible. 

Weighted average shares-basic 

Effect of dilutive potential common shares 

Weighted average shares-diluted 

Net income (loss) per share-basic 

Net income (loss) per share-diluted 

Antidilutive employee stock options 

shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for dividend, stock split or
other relevant changes in our capitalization. The 2013 Plan was approved by our shareholders at their regular annual meeting
on April 1, 2013. 

Under ASC 718, the value of each employee stock
option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model for the purpose of financial information in accordance with ASC
718. The use of a Black-Scholes model requires the use of actual employee exercise behavior data and the use of a number of assumptions
including expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. 

On February 3, 2022 we granted 15,000 options to key employees, which have a term of 5 years, and which were immediately and fully vested. Under ASC 718, the value of each stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model for the purpose of financial information in accordance with ASC 718. The use of a Black-Scholes model requires the use of actual employee exercise behavior data and the use of a number of assumptions including expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Cumulative compensation cost recognized in net income or loss with respect to options that are forfeited prior to vesting is adjusted as a reduction of compensation expense in the period of forfeiture. The volatility of the stock is based on a comparable public company's historical volatility since our stock is rarely traded. Fair value computations are highly sensitive to the volatility factor; the greater the volatility, the higher the computed fair value of options granted. The Black-Scholes model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the use of assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. 

 The factors used to estimate the value of the
option grant and the resulting fair market value, were as follows. 

Exercise price per share 

Original term (years) 

Volatility 

Annual rate of quarterly dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Fair market value of options 

On March 13, 2021 we granted 16,000 options to
two officers and 4,500 options to other key employees, which have a term of 5 years, and which were immediately and fully vested. 

The factors used to estimate the value of the
option grant and the resulting fair market value, were as follows. 

Stock price 

Exercise price per share 

Original term (years) 

Volatility 

Annual rate of quarterly dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Fair market value of options 

The above fair market value of the options was
a charge to our statement of income, with an offsetting credit to capital. 

Cumulative compensation cost recognized in net income
or loss with respect to options that are forfeited prior to vesting is adjusted as a reduction of compensation expense in the period of
forfeiture. The volatility of the stock is based on a comparable public company's historical volatility since our stock is rarely traded. Fair
value computations are highly sensitive to the volatility factor; the greater the volatility, the higher the computed fair value of options
granted. 

The Black-Scholes model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require
the use of assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. Because our employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different than those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate,
in management's opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of our employee stock
options. A summary of our stock option activity and related information for equity compensation plans approved by security holders for
each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes information about employee stock options
outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022: 

The exercise price of all options granted through
December 31, 2022 has been equal to or greater than the fair market value as of the date of grant, as determined by the Board. As
of December 31, 2022, options for our common stock remain available for grant under the 2013 Plan. 

The provisions of ASC 718-10-55 require the measurement
and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to our employees and directors, including employee stock
options, based on estimated fair values. Share-based compensation cost for stock options is measured at the grant date, based on
the fair value as calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option-pricing model. The BSM option pricing model requires
the use of actual employee exercise behavior data and the application of a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, risk
free interest rate and expected dividends. For the options granted in 2022, the pricing model assumptions were: risk-free interest
rate , expected life years, expected volatility , expected dividend rate . For the options granted in 2021, the pricing model
assumptions were: risk-free interest rate , expected life years, expected volatility , expected dividend rate . Applying these
assumptions resulted in a fair value of and 9 in 2022 and 2021 respectively, all of which was charged against operations
with a corresponding credit to capital. Unvested options were credited against operations, which resulted in total share-based compensation
cost of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

No options were exercised during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

The total number of authorized shares of common stock
continues to be with no change in the par value per share. 

and took out a term loan secured by a first mortgage on the property in the
amount of with Bank of America for a portion of the purchase price. Effective June 30, 2016 the note was amended to revise
the interest rate from to per annum. This loan was paid on September 30, 2021 with proceeds from a new term loan also
secured by a first-priority mortgage on the property, in the principal amount of which matures in September, 2031. 

The new note is payable in 119 equal monthly installments
of , including interest, plus a final payment of (excluding interest) on September 30, 2031. Our minimum future principal
payments on this term loan, by year, are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 2031 

Total 

Less financing cost 

Net term loan payable 

Less current portion 

Long term portion 

Employee Severance Benefits . Our obligation
with respect to employee severance benefits is minimized by the at will nature of the employee relationships. As
of December 31, 2022 we had no obligation with respect to contingent severance benefit obligations other than the Company's obligations
under the employment agreement with its chief executive officer, Dr. Wayne Willkomm. In the event that Dr. Willkomm's employment is terminated
by the Company without Cause (including through a decision by the Company not to renew the employment agreement) or by Dr. Willkomm with
Good Reason (as each are defined in the employment agreement), Dr. Willkomm will be eligible, upon satisfaction of certain conditions,
for severance equal to two months of salary continuation plus 12 months of health insurance continuation. 

Contractual Commitments and Purchase Orders .
Contractual commitments under development agreements and outstanding purchase orders issued to vendors in the ordinary course of business
totaled at December 31, 2022. 

Regulatory Commitments .
We are subject to certain regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA and to. to regulation
by the United States Department of Transportation and various state departments of transportation. We believe that we
are in substantial compliance with all known applicable regulations. 

and
extend the maturity date to . The revolving line of credit facility expired in accordance with its terms and has
not been renewed. There was balance due on the line of credit as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act allocated 350 billion to help small businesses keep workers employed amid the pandemic and economic downturn.
Known as the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), the initiative provides federally guaranteed loans to small businesses. 
A portion or all of these loans may be forgiven if borrowers comply with certain PPP guidelines including spending the funds on authorized
expenses and maintaining their payrolls during the crisis or restore their payrolls afterward. On May 4, 2020, the Company received proceeds
of from Bank of America under the PPP (the PPP Loan ). The funds were used for certain qualifying expenses as described
in the CARES Act, and the loan was forgiven in its entirety in February, 2021. Proceeds of were received from a second loan
with similar terms in February, 2021 and the funds were used for certain qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act, and the loan
was forgiven in its entirety in September, 2021. No interest on either loan has been recognized in our financial statements. 

The net operating loss carryback has been eliminated and our 2022 loss may be carried forward indefinitely. 

Our income tax (benefit) provision is summarized below: 

State 

Total deferred 

Total 

The State provision of in 2022 results from providing an estimated
reserve for unusable loss carryovers. 

The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at
the federal statutory rate and the (benefit) provision for income taxes consists of the following: 

Effect of: 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Research development credit 

Paycheck Protection loan forgiveness and other 

Total (benefit) provision 

The components of the deferred tax asset are as follows: 

Inventory reserve 

RADAR asset amortization 

Accrued vacation 

Deferred income 

Warranty reserve 

Federal and State net operating loss carry forward 

Total 

Our income tax returns are no longer subject to Federal
or state tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2017. 

to our product
sales in 2022, a second customer contributed ), a third customer contributed ), and no other customer contributed
more than 3 . One customer contributed to our total sales in 2021, a second customer contributed ), a third
customer contributed ), and no other customer contributed more than 3 . In making this determination, we considered the federal
government, state governments, local governments, and foreign governments each as a single customer. 

In 2022, we depended upon three vendors for approximately
 of our purchases (three vendors and respectively in 2021). 

of the total payroll of the participating
employees. In 2022 and 2021 we contributed and respectively. The participants vest in Company contributions
based on years of service, with a participant fully vested after six years of credited service. 

The following sets forth information about the operations
of the business segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Royalties 

Products subtotal 

Rentals 

Total 

Gross profit: 

Product sales 

Royalties 

Products subtotal 

Rentals 

Total 

Interest expense: 

Product sales 

Royalties 

Products subtotal 

Rentals 

Total 

Net income (loss) before taxes: 

Product sales 

Royalties 

Products subtotal 

Rentals 

Total 

There were no intersegment revenues. 

At December 31, 2022, of our assets were
used in the Rentals segment, with the remainder, , used in the Products and unallocated segments. 

Future rental income and related expenses will depend
on whether existing leases are renewed. Minimum base rents for leases in place at December 31, 2022 are scheduled to be in 2023. 

37 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's SEC rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

(a) 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2014. Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO in 2014, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

(b) 
 Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm . 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was
not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC, which permit us to provide
only management's report in this Annual Report. 

(c) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 that have materially affected,
or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

A control system, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. Our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that the Company's disclosure controls will prevent
or detect all errors and all fraud. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons,
by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item 9B . Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART III 

Item 10 . Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after December 31, 2022. 

Item 11 . Executive Compensation 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12 . Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes certain information
regarding our equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 123,000 
 3.80 
 20,300 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 123,000 
 3.80 
 20,300 

Item 13 . Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after December 31, 2022. 

39 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report or incorporated by
reference: 

(1) 
 Our financial statements are provided under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

(b) The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report or incorporated
by reference, as indicated: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated as of December 29, 1983 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of July 10, 1986 (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of August 18, 1986 (1) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 18, 1988 (1) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 1, 1991 (1) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of May 10, 1993 (1) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of May 11, 1992 (1) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of November 17, 1997 (1) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of July 15, 1998 (1) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 1, 1994 (1) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc., dated as of March 31, 2017 (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Certificate representing Common Stock (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Standard Distribution Agreement (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Loan Agreement with Citywide Banks (Term Loan), dated September 30, 2021 (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2013 Stock Option Plan (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr. Wayne Willkomm, Ph.D., dated October 5, 2017 (5) 
 
 10.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr.
 Wayne Willkomm, Ph.D., dated January
 25, 2019 (6) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant To Section 302 Of The Sarbanes Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant To Section 302 Of The Sarbanes Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G,
filed on March 31, 2011. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2017. 

 (3) Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 (4) Incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. 

 (5) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2017. 

 (6) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2019. 

Filed herewith. 

 Indicates a management contract
or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 

LIFELOC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Wayne R. Willkomm 

Wayne R. Willkomm, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

/s/ Wayne R. Willkomm 

March 14, 2023 

Wayne R. Willkomm, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Director 

/s/ Vern D. Kornelsen 

March 14, 2023 

Vern D. Kornelsen 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Director 

/s/ Michelle Heim 

March 14, 2023 

Michelle Heim 
 Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Robert Greenlee 

March 14, 2023 

Robert Greenlee 
 Director 

/s/ Michael J. Kornelsen 

March 14, 2023 

Michael J. Kornelsen, D.M.A. 
 Director 

/s/ Donald E. Siecke 

March 14, 2023 

Donald E. Siecke 
 Director 

41 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated as of December 29, 1983 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of July 10, 1986 (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of August 18, 1986 (1) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 18, 1988 (1) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 1, 1991 (1) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of May 10, 1993 (1) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of May 11, 1992 (1) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of November 17, 1997 (1) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of July 15, 1998 (1) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated as of April 1, 1994 (1) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc., dated as of March 31, 2017 (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Certificate representing Common Stock (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Standard Distribution Agreement (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Loan Agreement with Citywide Banks (Term Loan), dated September 30, 2021 (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2013 Stock Option Plan (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr. Wayne Willkomm, Ph.D., dated October 5, 2017 (5) 
 
 10.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr.
 Wayne Willkomm, Ph.D., dated January
 25, 2019 (6) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant To Section 302 Of The Sarbanes Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant To Section 302 Of The Sarbanes Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G,
filed on March 31, 2011. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2017. 

 (3) Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 (4) Incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. 

 (5) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2017. 

 (6) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2019. 

Filed herewith. 

 Indicates a management contract
or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wayne R. Willkomm, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-K of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Wayne R. Willkomm 

Wayne R. Willkomm, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Vern D. Kornelsen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-K of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Vern D. Kornelsen 

Vern D. Kornelsen 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wayne R. Willkomm, Chief Executive Officer
of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal
 year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Wayne R. Willkomm 

Wayne R. Willkomm, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Vern D. Kornelsen, Chief Financial Officer
of Lifeloc Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Vern D. Kornelsen 

Vern D. Kornelsen 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lctc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lctc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lctc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lctc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

